Blood Pressure Variability and Progression of Clinical Alzheimer Disease.
Nilvadipine in mild to moderate Alzheimer disease: A randomised controlled trial.
Compensatory Shift of Subcallosal Area and Paraterminal Gyrus White Matter Parameters on DTI in Patients with Alzheimer Disease.
Accuracy and generalization capability of an automatic method for the detection of typical brain hypometabolism in prodromal Alzheimer disease.
Effects of Nilvadipine on Cerebral Blood Flow in Patients With Alzheimer Disease.
Utility of combinations of biomarkers, cognitive markers, and risk factors to predict conversion from mild cognitive impairment to Alzheimer disease in patients in the Alzheimer's disease neuroimaging initiative.
<sup>1</sup>H MRS spectroscopy in preclinical autosomal dominant Alzheimer disease.
Tracking early decline in cognitive function in older individuals at risk for Alzheimer disease dementia: the Alzheimer's Disease Cooperative Study Cognitive Function Instrument.
Alzheimer Disease Signature Neurodegeneration and APOE Genotype in Mild Cognitive Impairment With Suspected Non-Alzheimer Disease Pathophysiology.
Cognitive reserve and clinical progression in Alzheimer disease: A paradoxical relationship.
Alzheimer disease brain atrophy subtypes are associated with cognition and rate of decline.
The Real-World Medicare Costs of Alzheimer Disease: Considerations for Policy and Care.
Relationship between physical activity, cognition, and Alzheimer pathology in autosomal dominant Alzheimer's disease.
Getting to the Heart of Alzheimer Disease.
In Vivo Characterization and Quantification of Neurofibrillary Tau PET Radioligand <sup>18</sup>F-MK-6240 in Humans from Alzheimer Disease Dementia to Young Controls.
Effects of Alzheimer Disease on Patients and Their Family.
[Anesthesia and Alzheimer disease - Current perceptions].
Glaucoma and Alzheimer Disease: One Age-Related Neurodegenerative Disease of the Brain.
Salient networks: a novel application to study Alzheimer disease.
Assessment of lipid peroxidation and artificial neural network models in early Alzheimer Disease diagnosis.
Nursing Home Chain Affiliation and Its Impact on Specialty Service Designation for Alzheimer Disease.
Golgin A4 in CSF and granulovacuolar degenerations of patients with Alzheimer disease.
Interplay between innate immunity and Alzheimer disease: APOE and TREM2 in the spotlight.
Wnt is here! Could Wnt signalling be promoted to protect against Alzheimer disease?: An Editorial for 'Wnt signaling loss accelerates the appearance of neuropathological hallmarks of Alzheimer's disease in J20- APP transgenic and wild-type mice' on doi:10.1111/jnc.14278.
Predictive Utility of Marketed Volumetric Software Tools in Subjects at Risk for Alzheimer Disease: Do Regions Outside the Hippocampus Matter?
Magnetic resonance imaging texture predicts progression to dementia due to Alzheimer disease earlier than hippocampal volume
Early-Onset Alzheimer Disease and Candidate Risk Genes Involved in Endolysosomal Transport.
Investigation of Causal Effect of Atrial Fibrillation on Alzheimer Disease: A Mendelian Randomization Study.
Association Between Genetic Traits for Immune-Mediated Diseases and Alzheimer Disease.
Prion-like mechanisms in Alzheimer disease.
Semantic Memory in the Clinical Progression of Alzheimer Disease.
The Possibility of an Infectious Etiology of Alzheimer Disease.
Association of Antidementia Therapies With Time to Skilled Nursing Facility Admission and Cardiovascular Events Among Elderly Adults With Alzheimer Disease.
Proximity to Parental Symptom Onset and Amyloid-β Burden in Sporadic Alzheimer Disease.
Association of In Vivo [18F]AV-1451 Tau PET Imaging Results With Cortical Atrophy and Symptoms in Typical and Atypical Alzheimer Disease.
Early behavioural changes in familial Alzheimer's disease in the Dominantly Inherited Alzheimer Network.
Alzheimer Disease.
Intrahippocampal Transplantation of Undifferentiated Human Chorionic- Derived Mesenchymal Stem Cells Does Not Improve Learning and Memory in the Rat Model of Sporadic Alzheimer Disease.
Early- and late-onset Alzheimer disease: Are they the same entity?
The Role of Cardiovascular Risk Factors and Stroke in Familial Alzheimer Disease.
Scores Obtained from a Simple Cognitive Test of Visuospatial Episodic Memory Performed Decades before Death Are Associated with the Ultimate Presence of Alzheimer Disease Pathology.
Association between blood pressure and Alzheimer disease measured up to 27 years prior to diagnosis: the HUNT Study.
"Well, good luck with that": reactions to learning of increased genetic risk for Alzheimer disease.
Regional 18F-Fluorodeoxyglucose Hypometabolism is Associated with Higher Apathy Scores Over Time in Early Alzheimer Disease.
Intranetwork and internetwork connectivity in patients with Alzheimer disease and the association with cerebrospinal fluid biomarker levels.
Protective effect of raisin (currant) against spatial memory impairment and oxidative stress in Alzheimer disease model.
Incremental Validity of Montreal Cognitive Assessment Index Scores in Mild Cognitive Impairment and Alzheimer Disease.
Aberrant Connectivity in Mild Cognitive Impairment and Alzheimer Disease Revealed by Multimodal Neuroimaging Data.
Education-Adjusted Normality Thresholds for FDG-PET in the Diagnosis of Alzheimer Disease.
Nutrition and Alzheimer Disease.
Role of gut microbiota and nutrients in amyloid formation and pathogenesis of Alzheimer disease.
Meta-analysis of the rs2075650 polymorphism and risk of Alzheimer disease.
The impact of transcranial magnetic stimulation on diagnostic confidence in patients with Alzheimer disease.
Caregivers' Perspectives of Quality of Life of People With Young- and Late-Onset Alzheimer Disease.
Neuropathologic assessment of participants in two multi-center longitudinal observational studies: the Alzheimer Disease Neuroimaging Initiative (ADNI) and the Dominantly Inherited Alzheimer Network (DIAN).
Asymptomatic Alzheimer disease: Defining resilience.
Head-to-Head Visual Comparison between Brain Perfusion SPECT and Arterial Spin-Labeling MRI with Different Postlabeling Delays in Alzheimer Disease.
NIA-AA staging of preclinical Alzheimer disease: discordance and concordance of CSF and imaging biomarkers.
Sex differences in Alzheimer disease - the gateway to precision medicine.
Occupational exposure to extremely low frequency magnetic fields and risk of Alzheimer disease: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Defective Insulin Signalling, Mediated by Inflammation, Connects Obesity to Alzheimer Disease; Relevant Pharmacological Therapies and Preventive Dietary Interventions.
Alzheimer disease.
Combinatorial Treatment Using Umbilical Cord Perivascular Cells and Aβ Clearance Rescues Vascular Function Following Transient Hypertension in a Rat Model of Alzheimer Disease.
Association of Rare Coding Mutations With Alzheimer Disease and Other Dementias Among Adults of European Ancestry.
Comparisons between traditional medicines and pharmacotherapies for Alzheimer disease: A systematic review and meta-analysis of cognitive outcomes.
Associations of the Top 20 Alzheimer Disease Risk Variants With Brain Amyloidosis.
A test of lens opacity as an indicator of preclinical Alzheimer Disease.
Longitudinal cognitive and biomarker changes in dominantly inherited Alzheimer disease.
Nicotinamide mononucleotide inhibits JNK activation to reverse Alzheimer disease.
Neurological manifestations of autosomal dominant familial Alzheimer's disease: a comparison of the published literature with the Dominantly Inherited Alzheimer Network observational study (DIAN-OBS).
Investigation of gene expression and serum levels of PIN1 and eNOS with high blood pressure in patients with Alzheimer disease.
Patient Mood and Instrumental Activities of Daily Living in Alzheimer Disease: Relationship Between Patient and Caregiver Reports.
Emerging ocular biomarkers of Alzheimer disease.
Profiles of β-Amyloid Peptides and Key Secretases in Brain Autopsy Samples Differ with Sex and APOE ε4 Status: Impact for Risk and Progression of Alzheimer Disease.
Polygenic risk of Alzheimer disease is associated with early- and late-life processes.
Targeting Functional Decline in Alzheimer Disease: A Randomized Trial.
Neuropsychiatric symptoms predict hypometabolism in preclinical Alzheimer disease.
Pleiotropic Benefits of the Angiotensin Receptor Blocker Candesartan in a Mouse Model of Alzheimer Disease.
Sex and Race Differences in the Association Between Statin Use and the Incidence of Alzheimer Disease.
Dysregulated Metabolism of the Amyloid-β Protein and Therapeutic Approaches in Alzheimer Disease.
Oxidative stress in Alzheimer disease as a target for therapy.
Spatiotemporal Distribution of β-Amyloid in Alzheimer Disease Is the Result of Heterogeneous Regional Carrying Capacities.
Circadian Rest-Activity Pattern Changes in Aging and Preclinical Alzheimer Disease.
A phase 3 trial of IV immunoglobulin for Alzheimer disease.
Cognitive and functional progression in Alzheimer disease: A prediction model of latent classes.
Therapeutic Role of Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation in Alzheimer Disease Patients: Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Clinical Trial.
Association Between Amyloid and Tau Accumulation in Young Adults With Autosomal Dominant Alzheimer Disease.
Discovery of gene-gene interactions across multiple independent data sets of late onset Alzheimer disease from the Alzheimer Disease Genetics Consortium.
Mild cognitive impairment due to Alzheimer disease: Contemporary approaches to diagnostics and pharmacological intervention.
An MRI measure of degenerative and cerebrovascular pathology in Alzheimer disease.
Are Linear Measurements of the Nucleus Basalis of Meynert Suitable as a Diagnostic Biomarker in Mild Cognitive Impairment and Alzheimer Disease?
Donepezil's Effects on Brain Functions of Patients With Alzheimer Disease: A Regional Homogeneity Study Based on Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging.
Multifunctional liposomes delay phenotype progression and prevent memory impairment in a presymptomatic stage mouse model of Alzheimer disease.
Brain and blood metabolite signatures of pathology and progression in Alzheimer disease: A targeted metabolomics study.
Evaluating Cognitive Reserve Through the Prism of Preclinical Alzheimer Disease.
Potential Role of Aminoprocalcitonin in the Pathogenesis of Alzheimer Disease.
Active Vaccines for Alzheimer Disease Treatment.
Thal Amyloid Stages Do Not Significantly Impact the Correlation Between Neuropathological Change and Cognition in the Alzheimer Disease Continuum.
Protective properties of lysozyme on β-amyloid pathology: implications for Alzheimer disease.
Predictors of family caregiver ratings of patient quality of life in Alzheimer disease: cross-sectional results from the Canadian Alzheimer's Disease Quality of Life Study.
Genetic Comparison of Symptomatic and Asymptomatic Persons With Alzheimer Disease Neuropathology.
Effects of multiple genetic loci on age at onset in late-onset Alzheimer disease: a genome-wide association study.
Genetic assessment of age-associated Alzheimer disease risk: Development and validation of a polygenic hazard score.
Raspberry ketone preserved cholinergic activity and antioxidant defense in obesity induced Alzheimer disease in rats.
Vitamin D and the risk of dementia and Alzheimer disease.
The sociodemographic characteristics and dietary and blood plasma fatty acid profiles of elderly Saudi women with Alzheimer disease.
Protein nitration profile of CD3<sup>+</sup> lymphocytes from Alzheimer disease patients: Novel hints on immunosenescence and biomarker detection.
Subcutaneous administration of liraglutide ameliorates learning and memory impairment by modulating tau hyperphosphorylation via the glycogen synthase kinase-3β pathway in an amyloid β protein induced alzheimer disease mouse model.
Comparison of CSF Distribution between Idiopathic Normal Pressure Hydrocephalus and Alzheimer Disease.
Longitudinal β-Amyloid Deposition and Hippocampal Volume in Preclinical Alzheimer Disease and Suspected Non-Alzheimer Disease Pathophysiology.
Structural brain differences between monolingual and multilingual patients with mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer disease: Evidence for cognitive reserve.
Alzheimer Disease: Pharmacologic and Nonpharmacologic Therapies for Cognitive and Functional Symptoms.
Age-specific incidence rates for dementia and Alzheimer disease in NIA-LOAD/NCRAD and EFIGA families: National Institute on Aging Genetics Initiative for Late-Onset Alzheimer Disease/National Cell Repository for Alzheimer Disease (NIA-LOAD/NCRAD) and Estudio Familiar de Influencia Genetica en Alzheimer (EFIGA).
Alzheimer disease biomarkers may aid in the prognosis of MCI cases initially reverted to normal.
Anosognosia and Its Relation to Psychiatric Symptoms in Early-Onset Alzheimer Disease.
Clinical phenotype, atrophy, and small vessel disease in <i>APOE</i>ε2 carriers with Alzheimer disease.
Association of Plasma Neurofilament Light With Neurodegeneration in Patients With Alzheimer Disease.
Evaluation of brain perfusion in Alzheimer disease with perfusion computed tomography and comparison to elderly patient without dementia.
Antipsychotic Use and the Risk of Initiating Medication for Benign Prostate Hyperplasia in Persons With Alzheimer Disease: A Matched Cohort Study.
Odorant Item Specific Olfactory Identification Deficit May Differentiate Alzheimer Disease From Aging.
Inactivation of Nitric Oxide Synthesis Exacerbates the Development of Alzheimer Disease Pathology in APPPS1 Mice (Amyloid Precursor Protein/Presenilin-1).
Subjective cognitive concerns and neuropsychiatric predictors of progression to the early clinical stages of Alzheimer disease.
Synaptic Alterations in Mouse Models for Alzheimer Disease-A Special Focus on N-Truncated Abeta 4-42.
Lewy Body Disease: Clinical and Pathological "Overlap Syndrome" Between Synucleinopathies (Parkinson Disease) and Tauopathies (Alzheimer Disease).
Correlations of <sup>18</sup>F-THK5351 PET with Postmortem Burden of Tau and Astrogliosis in Alzheimer Disease.
Association of Chronic Low-grade Inflammation With Risk of Alzheimer Disease in ApoE4 Carriers.
The Residual Center of Mass: An Image Descriptor for the Diagnosis of Alzheimer Disease.
Aberrant proteolytic processing and therapeutic strategies in Alzheimer disease.
Challenging Assumptions About African American Participation in Alzheimer Disease Trials.
Earlier detection of Alzheimer disease using N-fold cross validation approach.
Dysregulation of neurotrophin signaling in the pathogenesis of Alzheimer disease and of Alzheimer disease in Down syndrome.
The role of the immune system in Alzheimer disease: Etiology and treatment.
Poly-ubiquitin profile in Alzheimer disease brain.
Level of understanding of Alzheimer disease among caregivers and the general population.
Alteration of mTOR signaling occurs early in the progression of Alzheimer disease (AD): analysis of brain from subjects with pre-clinical AD, amnestic mild cognitive impairment and late-stage AD.
Spontaneous low frequency BOLD signal variations from resting-state fMRI are decreased in Alzheimer disease.
Simultaneous resting-state FDG-PET/fMRI in Alzheimer Disease: Relationship between glucose metabolism and intrinsic activity.
Resistance to Alzheimer Disease Neuropathologic Changes and Apparent Cognitive Resilience in the Nun and Honolulu-Asia Aging Studies.
Regulation and effects of neurotrophic factors after neural stem cell transplantation in a transgenic mouse model of Alzheimer disease.
Associations between tau, Aβ, and cortical thickness with cognition in Alzheimer disease.
Optimization of DARTEL Settings for the Detection of Alzheimer Disease.
Alzheimer disease pathology and the cerebrospinal fluid proteome.
Multifactorial Analysis of a Biomarker Pool for Alzheimer Disease Risk in a North Indian Population.
Serum neurofilament light in familial Alzheimer disease: A marker of early neurodegeneration.
Therapeutic Advancement in Alzheimer Disease: New Hopes on the Horizon?
Omics-based Biomarkers for the Early Alzheimer Disease Diagnosis and Reliable Therapeutic Targets Development.
Personality Change in the Preclinical Phase of Alzheimer Disease.
Alzheimer disease: Non-pharmacological and pharmacological management of cognition and neuropsychiatric symptoms.
Diagnostic Significance of Cortical Superficial Siderosis for Alzheimer Disease in Patients with Cognitive Impairment.
Factors associated with mixed dementia vs Alzheimer disease in elderly Mexican adults.
Regional cortical thinning predicts worsening apathy and hallucinations across the Alzheimer disease spectrum.
Identification and description of three families with familial Alzheimer disease that segregate variants in the SORL1 gene.
Participant-Informant Relationships Affect Quality of Life Ratings in Incipient and Clinical Alzheimer Disease.
Phenotypic Variability in Autosomal Dominant Familial Alzheimer Disease due to the S170F Mutation of Presenilin-1.
Frontal Lobe Function Correlates with One-Year Incidence of Urinary Incontinence in Elderly with Alzheimer Disease.
Apelin, a promising target for Alzheimer disease prevention and treatment.
The role of vascular endothelial growth factor in neurodegeneration and cognitive decline: exploring interactions with biomarkers of Alzheimer disease.
The Relationship Between Copper, Iron, and Selenium Levels and Alzheimer Disease.
Cerebrovascular and Alzheimer disease: fellow travelers or partners in crime?
Mood Changes in Cognitively Normal Older Adults are Linked to Alzheimer Disease Biomarker Levels.
Role of 4-hydroxy-2-nonenal (HNE) in the pathogenesis of alzheimer disease and other selected age-related neurodegenerative disorders.
Risk of death associated with new benzodiazepine use among persons with Alzheimer disease: A matched cohort study.
Time to Response to Citalopram Treatment for Agitation in Alzheimer Disease.
Minimizing the Sample Sizes of Clinical Trials on Preclinical and Early Symptomatic Stage of Alzheimer Disease.
An Animal Model of Alzheimer Disease Based on the Intrahippocampal Injection of Amyloid β-Peptide (1-42).
Triggering receptor expressed on myeloid cells 2 (TREM2): a potential therapeutic target for Alzheimer disease?
Monoamine oxidase B is elevated in Alzheimer disease neurons, is associated with γ-secretase and regulates neuronal amyloid β-peptide levels.
Psychosis and Clinical Outcomes in Alzheimer Disease: A Longitudinal Study.
Frailty as a Predictor of Alzheimer Disease, Vascular Dementia, and All Dementia Among Community-Dwelling Older People: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Phenotypic Similarities Between Late-Onset Autosomal Dominant and Sporadic Alzheimer Disease: A Single-Family Case-Control Study.
Oligomers of Amyloid β Prevent Physiological Activation of the Cellular Prion Protein-Metabotropic Glutamate Receptor 5 Complex by Glutamate in Alzheimer Disease.
Adeno-Associated Viral Vector (Serotype 2)-Nerve Growth Factor for Patients With Alzheimer Disease: A Randomized Clinical Trial.
Prevalence of preclinical Alzheimer disease: Comparison of current classification systems.
Deficient neurotrophic factors of CSPG4-type neural cell exosomes in Alzheimer disease.
The hunt for brain Aβ oligomers by peripherally circulating multi-functional nanoparticles: Potential therapeutic approach for Alzheimer disease.
Biliverdin Reductase-A Mediates the Beneficial Effects of Intranasal Insulin in Alzheimer Disease.
Genetic Risk Factors for Alzheimer Disease: Emerging Roles of Microglia in Disease Pathomechanisms.
In vivo detection of microstructural correlates of brain pathology in preclinical and early Alzheimer Disease with magnetic resonance imaging.
Alzheimer Disease Biomarkers as Outcome Measures for Clinical Trials in MCI.
Extravascular CD3+ T Cells in Brains of Alzheimer Disease Patients Correlate with Tau but Not with Amyloid Pathology: An Immunohistochemical Study.
Plasma long non-coding RNA BACE1 as a novel biomarker for diagnosis of Alzheimer disease.
Calmodulin-like skin protein protects against spatial learning impairment in a mouse model of Alzheimer disease.
Multimodal PET Imaging of Amyloid and Tau Pathology in Alzheimer Disease and Non-Alzheimer Disease Dementias.
<sup>18</sup>F-Flortaucipir PET/MRI Correlations in Nonamnestic and Amnestic Variants of Alzheimer Disease.
Subjective cognitive impairment: Towards early identification of Alzheimer disease.
Association of β-Amyloid and Apolipoprotein E ε4 With Memory Decline in Preclinical Alzheimer Disease.
Risk of Hip Fracture in Benzodiazepine Users With and Without Alzheimer Disease.
Albuminuria Increases the Risks for Both Alzheimer Disease and Vascular Dementia in Community-Dwelling Japanese Elderly: The Hisayama Study.
Resting metabolic connectivity in prodromal Alzheimer's disease. A European Alzheimer Disease Consortium (EADC) project.
Antiepileptic Drug Use and the Risk of Stroke Among Community-Dwelling People With Alzheimer Disease: A Matched Cohort Study.
Effects of non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug treatments on cognitive decline vary by phase of pre-clinical Alzheimer disease: findings from the randomized controlled Alzheimer's Disease Anti-inflammatory Prevention Trial.
How early can we diagnose Alzheimer disease (and is it sufficient)? The 2017 Wartenberg lecture.
Effects of Diabetes Mellitus on Cognitive Decline in Patients with Alzheimer Disease: A Systematic Review.
Vascular care in patients with Alzheimer disease with cerebrovascular lesions slows progression of white matter lesions on MRI: the evaluation of vascular care in Alzheimer's disease (EVA) study.
Diagnostic Utility of the Shortened Version of the Wisconsin Card Sorting Test in Patients With Sporadic Late Onset Alzheimer Disease.
Absence of Alzheimer Disease Neuropathologic Changes in Eyes of Subjects With Alzheimer Disease.
Brain alpha-amylase: a novel energy regulator important in Alzheimer disease?
AV-1451 PET imaging of tau pathology in preclinical Alzheimer disease: Defining a summary measure.
Evaluation of Small-Animal PET Outcome Measures to Detect Disease Modification Induced by BACE Inhibition in a Transgenic Mouse Model of Alzheimer Disease.
Effects of recurrent sevoflurane anesthesia on cognitive functions with streptozotocin induced Alzheimer disease.
Astrocytes infected with Chlamydia pneumoniae demonstrate altered expression and activity of secretases involved in the generation of β-amyloid found in Alzheimer disease.
Effect of Idalopirdine as Adjunct to Cholinesterase Inhibitors on Change in Cognition in Patients With Alzheimer Disease: Three Randomized Clinical Trials.
Estimating diagnostic accuracy for clustered ordinal diagnostic groups in the three-class case-Application to the early diagnosis of Alzheimer disease.
Risk of pneumonia associated with incident benzodiazepine use among community-dwelling adults with Alzheimer disease.
Tau-targeting therapies for Alzheimer disease.
Dietary Vitamin E Status Dictates Oxidative Stress Outcomes by Modulating Effects of Fish Oil Supplementation in Alzheimer Disease Model APP<sub>swe</sub>/PS1<sub>dE9</sub> Mice.
The proof-of-concept of ASS234: Peripherally administered ASS234 enters the central nervous system and reduces pathology in a male mouse model of Alzheimer disease.
Exploring the selective vulnerability in Alzheimer disease using tissue specific variant analysis.
The Impact of Awareness of and Concern About Memory Performance on the Prediction of Progression From Mild Cognitive Impairment to Alzheimer Disease Dementia.
Association of Cerebrospinal Fluid Neurofilament Light Concentration With Alzheimer Disease Progression.
Asymmetric Changes in Limbic Cortex and Planum Temporale in Patients with Alzheimer Disease.
Time to Treatment Initiation in People With Alzheimer Disease: A Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials.
Cerebrospinal Fluid Clearance in Alzheimer Disease Measured with Dynamic PET.
Curcumin restores innate immune Alzheimer's disease risk gene expression to ameliorate Alzheimer pathogenesis.
Advanced imaging of tau pathology in Alzheimer Disease: New perspectives from super resolution microscopy and label-free nanoscopy.
Involvement of Luteinizing Hormone in Alzheimer Disease Development in Elderly Women.
Fine-mapping of the human leukocyte antigen locus as a risk factor for Alzheimer disease: A case-control study.
Subjective memory complaints in preclinical autosomal dominant Alzheimer disease.
Neural Basis of Cognitive Assessment in Alzheimer Disease, Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment, and Subjective Memory Complaints.
Association of Amyloid Pathology With Myelin Alteration in Preclinical Alzheimer Disease.
Cortical Amyloid β Deposition and Current Depressive Symptoms in Alzheimer Disease and Mild Cognitive Impairment.
Reliable determination of new lipid peroxidation compounds as potential early Alzheimer Disease biomarkers.
White matter hyperintensities are a core feature of Alzheimer's disease: Evidence from the dominantly inherited Alzheimer network.
A conceptual framework and ethics analysis for prevention trials of Alzheimer Disease.
Anxiety symptoms in amnestic mild cognitive impairment are associated with medial temporal atrophy and predict conversion to Alzheimer disease.
Prevalence of Biologically vs Clinically Defined Alzheimer Spectrum Entities Using the National Institute on Aging-Alzheimer's Association Research Framework.
Stemming the Alzheimer tsunami: introduction to the special issue on reserve and resilience in Alzheimer's disease.
Amyloid-beta immunotherapy: the hope for Alzheimer disease?
Alzheimer disease and cognitive impairment associated with diabetes mellitus type 2: associations and a hypothesis.
Safety and Efficacy of Edonerpic Maleate for Patients With Mild to Moderate Alzheimer Disease: A Phase 2 Randomized Clinical Trial.
Amyloid beta peptide immunotherapy in Alzheimer disease.
Amyloid-β immunotherapy for alzheimer disease: Is it now a long shot?
Systemic Central Nervous System (CNS)-targeted Delivery of Neuropeptide Y (NPY) Reduces Neurodegeneration and Increases Neural Precursor Cell Proliferation in a Mouse Model of Alzheimer Disease.
Effects of Lewy body disease and Alzheimer disease on brain atrophy and cognitive dysfunction.
A Deep Learning Model to Predict a Diagnosis of Alzheimer Disease by Using <sup>18</sup>F-FDG PET of the Brain.
Potential oxidative stress biomarkers of mild cognitive impairment due to Alzheimer disease.
Detection of Alzheimer Disease (AD)-Specific Tau Pathology in AD and NonAD Tauopathies by Immunohistochemistry With Novel Conformation-Selective Tau Antibodies.
Development of a Novel Urine Alzheimer-Associated Neuronal Thread Protein ELISA Kit and Its Potential Use in the Diagnosis of Alzheimer's Disease.
Genetic Ancestry and Susceptibility to Late-Onset Alzheimer Disease (LOAD) in the Admixed Colombian Population.
The first case series of Chinese patients in Hong Kong with familial Alzheimer's disease compared with those with biomarker-confirmed sporadic late-onset Alzheimer's disease.
Exosomes and microRNAs: New potential therapeutic candidates in Alzheimer disease therapy.
A Turkish 3-center study evaluation of serum folic acid and vitamin B12 levels in Alzheimer disease.
Alzheimer Disease and Its Growing Epidemic: Risk Factors, Biomarkers, and the Urgent Need for Therapeutics.
Amyloid and APOE ε4 interact to influence short-term decline in preclinical Alzheimer disease.
Ubisol-Q10 (a Nanomicellar Water-Soluble Formulation of CoQ10) Treatment Inhibits Alzheimer-Type Behavioral and Pathological Symptoms in a Double Transgenic Mouse (TgAPEswe, PSEN1dE9) Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
DNA Methylation Profiles of Selected Pro-Inflammatory Cytokines in Alzheimer Disease.
Loss-of-Function PCSK9 Mutations Are Not Associated With Alzheimer Disease.
Recent Advances in Multi-target Anti-Alzheimer Disease Compounds (2013 Up to the Present).
ABBY: A phase 2 randomized trial of crenezumab in mild to moderate Alzheimer disease.
Left frontal cortex connectivity underlies cognitive reserve in prodromal Alzheimer disease.
Political Ideology, Confidence in Science, and Participation in Alzheimer Disease Research Studies.
White matter hyperintensities and cerebral amyloidosis: necessary and sufficient for clinical expression of Alzheimer disease?
Methylenetetrahydrofolate Reductase (MTHFR) C677T Polymorphism and Alzheimer Disease Risk: a Meta-Analysis.
Treatment of Alzheimer disease using combination therapy with plasma exchange and haemapheresis with albumin and intravenous immunoglobulin: Rationale and treatment approach of the AMBAR (Alzheimer Management By Albumin Replacement) study.
Prevalence and clinicoradiological analyses of patients with Alzheimer disease coexisting multiple microbleeds.
The Voltage-dependent Anion Channel 1 Mediates Amyloid β Toxicity and Represents a Potential Target for Alzheimer Disease Therapy.
Rapamycin and Alzheimer disease: a double-edged sword?
Cerebral amyloidosis associated with cognitive decline in autosomal dominant Alzheimer disease.
Deletion of the Inflammasome Sensor Aim2 Mitigates Aβ Deposition and Microglial Activation but Increases Inflammatory Cytokine Expression in an Alzheimer Disease Mouse Model.
Insulin Resistance in Alzheimer Disease: p53 and MicroRNAs as Important Players.
SUMO1 impact on Alzheimer disease pathology in an amyloid-depositing mouse model.
Effect of the Interaction Between Hypertension and Cerebral White Matter Changes on the Progression of Alzheimer Disease.
Downward finger displacement distinguishes Parkinson disease dementia from Alzheimer disease.
Cholinergic Receptor Binding in Alzheimer Disease and Healthy Aging: Assessment In Vivo with Positron Emission Tomography Imaging.
Assessment of brain core temperature using MR DWI-thermometry in Alzheimer disease patients compared to healthy subjects.
Comorbid conditions associated with Parkinson's disease: A longitudinal and comparative study with Alzheimer disease and control subjects.
In Vivo Assessment of Tau Deposition in Alzheimer Disease and Assessing Its Relationship to Regional Brain Glucose Metabolism and Cognition.
Understanding the roles of mutations in the amyloid precursor protein in Alzheimer disease.
Beyond the neuron-cellular interactions early in Alzheimer disease pathogenesis.
A silk peptide fraction restores cognitive function in AF64A-induced Alzheimer disease model rats by increasing expression of choline acetyltransferase gene.
Utility of Autonomic Function Tests to Differentiate Dementia with Lewy Bodies and Parkinson Disease with Dementia from Alzheimer Disease.
Cerebrospinal fluid soluble TREM2 is higher in Alzheimer disease and associated with mutation status.
Virological and immunological characteristics of human cytomegalovirus infection associated with Alzheimer disease.
Tau Phosphorylation is Impacted by Rare AKAP9 Mutations Associated with Alzheimer Disease in African Americans.
Using electronic health records to estimate the prevalence of agitation in Alzheimer disease/dementia.
Determining clinically meaningful decline in preclinical Alzheimer disease.
Alzheimer disease associated variants in SORL1 accelerate dementia development in Parkinson disease.
Association of Neuropathologically Confirmed Frontotemporal Dementia and Alzheimer Disease With Criminal and Socially Inappropriate Behavior in a Swedish Cohort.
Quantitative EEG After Brain Stimulation and Cognitive Training in Alzheimer Disease.
Plasma lipid peroxidation biomarkers for early and non-invasive Alzheimer Disease detection.
Predicted sequence of cortical tau and amyloid-β deposition in Alzheimer disease spectrum.
Process dissociation analyses of memory changes in healthy aging, preclinical, and very mild Alzheimer disease: Evidence for isolated recollection deficits.
Seasonal plasticity of cognition and related biological measures in adults with and without Alzheimer disease: Analysis of multiple cohorts.
Higher Serum Endocan Level Is Associated with Alzheimer Disease.
Rare Variants in PLD3 Do Not Affect Risk for Early-Onset Alzheimer Disease in a European Consortium Cohort.
Amyloid-β peptide-specific DARPins as a novel class of potential therapeutics for Alzheimer disease.
Alzheimer disease genetic risk factor APOE e4 and cognitive abilities in 111,739 UK Biobank participants.
Combinations of Multiple Neuroimaging Markers using Logistic Regression for Auxiliary Diagnosis of Alzheimer Disease and Mild Cognitive Impairment.
An updated Alzheimer hypothesis: Complement C3 and risk of Alzheimer's disease-A cohort study of 95,442 individuals.
Neuroinflammation Appears Early on PET Imaging and Then Plateaus in a Mouse Model of Alzheimer Disease.
The protective effect of betulinic acid on microvascular responsivity and protein expression in alzheimer disease induced by cerebral micro-injection of beta-amyloid and streptozotocin.
Longitudinal tau accumulation and atrophy in aging and alzheimer disease.
Aluminum may mediate Alzheimer's disease through liver toxicity, with aberrant hepatic synthesis of ceruloplasmin and ATPase7B, the resultant excess free copper causing brain oxidation, beta-amyloid aggregation and Alzheimer disease.
Nonlinear Association Between Cerebrospinal Fluid and Florbetapir F-18 β-Amyloid Measures Across the Spectrum of Alzheimer Disease.
Neuropsychological Profiles Differentiate Alzheimer Disease from Subcortical Ischemic Vascular Dementia in an Autopsy-Defined Cohort.
The clinical efficacy of reminiscence therapy in patients with mild-to-moderate Alzheimer disease: Study protocol for a randomized parallel-design controlled trial.
Do low-serum vitamin E levels increase the risk of Alzheimer disease in older people? Evidence from a meta-analysis of case-control studies.
Alzheimer's disease: a report from the 7th Kuopio Alzheimer symposium.
A Review on the Relationship between Tocotrienol and Alzheimer Disease.
Predictors of patient self-ratings of quality of life in Alzheimer disease: cross-sectional results from the Canadian Alzheimer's Disease Quality of Life Study.
Systematic Review of miRNA as Biomarkers in Alzheimer's Disease.
Age-related iron deposition in the basal ganglia of controls and Alzheimer disease patients quantified using susceptibility weighted imaging.
Neuronal calcineurin transcriptional targets parallel changes observed in Alzheimer disease brain.
Common and rare TBK1 variants in early-onset Alzheimer disease in a European cohort.
Tau mRNA 3'UTR-to-CDS ratio is increased in Alzheimer disease.
Mutated tau, amyloid and neuroinflammation in Alzheimer disease-A brief review.
Assessing Synaptic Density in Alzheimer Disease With Synaptic Vesicle Glycoprotein 2A Positron Emission Tomographic Imaging.
Late-life blood pressure association with cerebrovascular and Alzheimer disease pathology.
High fat diet treatment impairs hippocampal long-term potentiation without alterations of the core neuropathological features of Alzheimer disease.
miRNAs in Alzheimer Disease - A Therapeutic Perspective.
[Tractography of the uncinate fasciculus and the posterior cingulate fasciculus in patients with mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer disease].
Circulating antioxidants and Alzheimer disease prevention: a Mendelian randomization study.
Altered Mitochondrial DNA Methylation Pattern in Alzheimer Disease-Related Pathology and in Parkinson Disease.
High blood pressure, Alzheimer disease and antihypertensive treatment.
INTREPAD: A randomized trial of naproxen to slow progress of presymptomatic Alzheimer disease.
Quantification of plasma phosphorylated tau to use as a biomarker for brain Alzheimer pathology: pilot case-control studies including patients with Alzheimer's disease and down syndrome.
Ancestral origin of ApoE ε4 Alzheimer disease risk in Puerto Rican and African American populations.
Alzheimer disease research in the 21st century: past and current failures, new perspectives and funding priorities.
Inbreeding among Caribbean Hispanics from the Dominican Republic and its effects on risk of Alzheimer disease.
A/T/N: An unbiased descriptive classification scheme for Alzheimer disease biomarkers.
Targeting neuronal MAPK14/p38α activity to modulate autophagy in the Alzheimer disease brain.
Circulating insulin-like growth factors and Alzheimer disease: A mendelian randomization study.
Passive immunization targeting the N-terminal projection domain of tau decreases tau pathology and improves cognition in a transgenic mouse model of Alzheimer disease and tauopathies.
Low Phytanic Acid-Concentrated DHA Prevents Cognitive Deficit and Regulates Alzheimer Disease Mediators in an ApoE<sup>-/-</sup> Mice Experimental Model.
Discerning mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer Disease from normal aging: morphologic characterization based on univariate and multivariate models.
Clinical trial of an inhibitor of RAGE-Aβ interactions in Alzheimer disease.
A genetic cause of Alzheimer disease: mechanistic insights from Down syndrome.
Instance-Based Representation Using Multiple Kernel Learning for Predicting Conversion to Alzheimer Disease.
Genetic heterogeneity in Alzheimer disease and implications for treatment strategies.
Metabolic network failures in Alzheimer's disease: A biochemical road map.
[Verification of a sporadic Alzheimer disease model in SORL1 gene knockout mice].
Plasma tau in Alzheimer disease.
Various MRS application tools for Alzheimer disease and mild cognitive impairment.
Molecular imaging of Alzheimer disease pathology.
Subcellular Changes in Bridging Integrator 1 Protein Expression in the Cerebral Cortex During the Progression of Alzheimer Disease Pathology.
A brief history of "Alzheimer disease": Multiple meanings separated by a common name.
New cardiovascular targets to prevent late onset Alzheimer disease.
Qualitative analysis of the capacity to consent to treatment in patients with a chronic neurodegenerative disease: Alzheimer's disease / Analisi qualitativa sulla capacità a prestare consenso al trattamento in pazienti con malattie cronico degenerative neuropsicoorganiche: Demenza di Alzheimer.
On cognitive ecology and the environmental factors that promote Alzheimer disease: lessons from Octodon degus (Rodentia: Octodontidae).
Imaging the evolution and pathophysiology of Alzheimer disease.
Attenuation of Choroidal Thickness in Patients With Alzheimer Disease: Evidence From an Italian Prospective Study.
The usefulness of visual rating of posterior atrophy in predicting rapid cognitive decline in Alzheimer disease: A preliminary study.
Sex-specific genetic predictors of Alzheimer's disease biomarkers.
Dimethyloxalylglycine may be enhance the capacity of neural-like cells in treatment of Alzheimer disease.
Clinical application of 3D arterial spin-labeled brain perfusion imaging for Alzheimer disease: comparison with brain perfusion SPECT.
Preclinical Evaluation of <sup>18</sup>F-RO6958948, <sup>11</sup>C-RO6931643, and <sup>11</sup>C-RO6924963 as Novel PET Radiotracers for Imaging Tau Aggregates in Alzheimer Disease.
Variants in the ATP-binding cassette transporter (ABCA7), apolipoprotein E ϵ4,and the risk of late-onset Alzheimer disease in African Americans.
Activation of phagocytic activity in astrocytes by reduced expression of the inflammasome component ASC and its implication in a mouse model of Alzheimer disease.
Amyloid-β Precursor Protein Modulates the Sorting of Testican-1 and Contributes to Its Accumulation in Brain Tissue and Cerebrospinal Fluid from Patients with Alzheimer Disease.
Global Data Sharing in Alzheimer Disease Research.
Oxidative stress, protein modification and Alzheimer disease.
Tau-PET Binding Distinguishes Patients With Early-stage Posterior Cortical Atrophy From Amnestic Alzheimer Disease Dementia.
Polygenic risk scores in familial Alzheimer disease.
Lactate Deficit in an Alzheimer Disease Mouse Model: The Relationship With Neuronal Damage.
Diagnostic and Prognostic Utility of the Synaptic Marker Neurogranin in Alzheimer Disease.
Reduced miR-512 and the Elevated Expression of Its Targets cFLIP and MCL1 Localize to Neurons With Hyperphosphorylated Tau Protein in Alzheimer Disease.
Multi-target inhibitors against Alzheimer disease derived from 3-hydrazinyl 1,2,4-triazine scaffold containing pendant phenoxy methyl-1,2,3-triazole: Design, synthesis and biological evaluation.
Dependence Levels as Interim Clinical Milestones Along the Continuum of Alzheimer's Disease: 18-Month Results from the GERAS Observational Study.
Neuropsychological measures that detect early impairment and decline in preclinical Alzheimer disease.
Investigation of Genetic Variants Associated with Alzheimer Disease in Parkinson Disease Cognition.
Brain ischemia with Alzheimer phenotype dysregulates Alzheimer's disease-related proteins.
[The Epidemiology of Dementia and Alzheimer Disease in Portugal: Estimations of Prevalence and Treatment-Costs].
Association of Preclinical Alzheimer Disease With Optical Coherence Tomographic Angiography Findings.
APOEε2 is associated with milder clinical and pathological Alzheimer disease.
Alzheimer Disease Cerebrospinal Fluid Biomarkers Moderate Baseline Differences and Predict Longitudinal Change in Attentional Control and Episodic Memory Composites in the Adult Children Study.
Generation and quality control of lipidomics data for the alzheimer's disease neuroimaging initiative cohort.
CAP--advancing the evaluation of preclinical Alzheimer disease treatments.
Longitudinal relationships among biomarkers for Alzheimer disease in the Adult Children Study.
Associations between Sleep, Cortisol Regulation, and Diet: Possible Implications for the Risk of Alzheimer Disease.
[Alzheimer and the discovery of Alzheimer's disease].
Inflammasomes, hormesis, and antioxidants in neuroinflammation: Role of NRLP3 in Alzheimer disease.
Evolution of neurodegeneration-imaging biomarkers from clinically normal to dementia in the Alzheimer disease spectrum.
Use of Pharmacogenomics and Biomarkers in the Development of New Drugs for Alzheimer Disease in Japan.
Dipeptidyl peptidase IV, which probably plays important roles in Alzheimer disease (AD) pathology, is upregulated in AD brain neurons and associates with amyloid plaques.
Evaluation of plasma proteomic data for Alzheimer disease state classification and for the prediction of progression from mild cognitive impairment to Alzheimer disease.
CSF-ApoER2 fragments as a read-out of reelin signaling: Distinct patterns in sporadic and autosomal-dominant Alzheimer disease.
Evaluating the effects of the novel GLP-1 analogue liraglutide in Alzheimer's disease: study protocol for a randomised controlled trial (ELAD study).
Language background in early life may be related to neuropsychiatry symptoms in patients with Alzheimer disease.
Validation of the Czech Montreal Cognitive Assessment for Mild Cognitive Impairment due to Alzheimer Disease and Czech Norms in 1,552 Elderly Persons.
Late-life Depression and Alzheimer Disease: A Potential Synergy of the Underlying Mechanisms.
Apolipoprotein E Genotype and Sex Risk Factors for Alzheimer Disease: A Meta-analysis.
Middle-Aged Diabetic Females and Males Present Distinct Susceptibility to Alzheimer Disease-like Pathology.
Differential effects of cognitive reserve and brain reserve on cognition in Alzheimer disease.
Depletion of coagulation factor XII ameliorates brain pathology and cognitive impairment in Alzheimer disease mice.
Auditory system dysfunction in Alzheimer disease and its prodromal states: A review.
Advanced brain aging: relationship with epidemiologic and genetic risk factors, and overlap with Alzheimer disease atrophy patterns.
Inflammatory pathology markers (activated microglia and reactive astrocytes) in early and late onset Alzheimer disease: a post mortem study.
Detrimental Effects of Centrally Administered Angiotensin II are Enhanced in a Mouse Model of Alzheimer Disease Independently of Blood Pressure.
Neuropsychological Testing in Pathologically Verified Alzheimer Disease and Frontotemporal Dementia: How Well Do the Uniform Data Set Measures Differentiate Between Diseases?
Functional network integrity presages cognitive decline in preclinical Alzheimer disease.
Deep convolutional neural networks for segmenting 3D in vivo multiphoton images of vasculature in Alzheimer disease mouse models.
Progressive Disintegration of Brain Networking from Normal Aging to Alzheimer Disease: Analysis of Independent Components of <sup>18</sup>F-FDG PET Data.
The Relationship Between Social Cognition and Awareness in Alzheimer Disease.
National Hospital Care Survey Demonstration Projects: Characteristics of Inpatient and Emergency Department Encounters Among Patients With Any Listed Diagnosis of Alzheimer Disease.
Astrocyte dysfunction in Alzheimer disease.
C-terminal fragments of the amyloid precursor protein in cerebrospinal fluid as potential biomarkers for Alzheimer disease.
A Common DIO2 Polymorphism and Alzheimer Disease Dementia in African and European Americans.
Dysregulation of leptin signaling in Alzheimer disease: evidence for neuronal leptin resistance.
Effect of citalopram on agitation in Alzheimer disease: the CitAD randomized clinical trial.
Simple method for evaluation of planum temporale pyramidal neurons shrinkage in postmortem tissue of Alzheimer disease patients.
Is sertraline treatment or depression remission in depressed Alzheimer patients associated with improved caregiver well being? Depression in Alzheimer's Disease Study 2.
Vascular disease and risk factors are associated with cognitive decline in the alzheimer disease spectrum.
Deep brain stimulation for the treatment of Alzheimer disease and dementias.
New (benz)imidazolopyridino tacrines as nonhepatotoxic, cholinesterase inhibitors for Alzheimer disease.
Positron emission tomography-guided magnetic resonance spectroscopy in Alzheimer disease.
APP, PSEN1, and PSEN2 mutations in early-onset Alzheimer disease: A genetic screening study of familial and sporadic cases.
Impact of frontal white matter hyperintensity on instrumental activities of daily living in elderly women with Alzheimer disease and amnestic mild cognitive impairment.
Physical Activity and Alzheimer Disease: A Protective Association.
Amyloid negativity in patients with clinically diagnosed Alzheimer disease and MCI.
Functional Neuroanatomical Correlates of The Frontal Assessment Battery Performance in Alzheimer Disease: A FDG-PET Study.
HNE-modified proteins in Down syndrome: Involvement in development of Alzheimer disease neuropathology.
Regional neuronal network failure and cognition in late-onset sporadic Alzheimer disease.
Influence of tau PET, amyloid PET, and hippocampal volume on cognition in Alzheimer disease.
Deletion of exons 9 and 10 of the Presenilin 1 gene in a patient with Early-onset Alzheimer Disease generates longer amyloid seeds.
Characteristic deterioration of ADAS-Jcog subscale scores and correlations with regional cerebral blood flow reductions in Alzheimer's disease.
Plasma and CSF biomarkers for the diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease in adults with Down syndrome: a cross-sectional study.
Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging in Alzheimer' Disease Drug Development.
R47H Variant of TREM2 Associated With Alzheimer Disease in a Large Late-Onset Family: Clinical, Genetic, and Neuropathological Study.
The Rare-Variant Generalized Disequilibrium Test for Association Analysis of Nuclear and Extended Pedigrees with Application to Alzheimer Disease WGS Data.
[Correlation between Alzheimer disease and cataract].
Novel white matter tract integrity metrics sensitive to Alzheimer disease progression.
Evaluation of Parkinson disease and Alzheimer disease with the use of neuromelanin MR imaging and (123)I-metaiodobenzylguanidine scintigraphy.
Regional analysis of the magnetization transfer ratio of the brain in mild Alzheimer disease and amnestic mild cognitive impairment.
[<sup>11</sup>C]PK11195 binding in Alzheimer disease and progressive supranuclear palsy.
Factors associated with undertreatment of atrial fibrillation in geriatric outpatients with Alzheimer disease.
Curcumin or bisdemethoxycurcumin for nose-to-brain treatment of Alzheimer disease? A bio/chemo-informatics case study.
Vulnerability of calbindin, calretinin and parvalbumin in a transgenic/knock-in APPswe/PS1dE9 mouse model of Alzheimer disease together with disruption of hippocampal neurogenesis.
False-Positive Error Rates for Reliable Digit Span and Auditory Verbal Learning Test Performance Validity Measures in Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment and Early Alzheimer Disease.
Early-Onset Alzheimer Disease.
Angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors and Alzheimer disease in the presence of the apolipoprotein E4 allele.
Genetic Alzheimer Disease and Sporadic Dementia With Lewy Bodies: A Comorbidity Presenting as Primary Progressive Aphasia.
Hippocampal phospho-tau/MAPT neuropathology in the fornix in Alzheimer disease: an immunohistochemical autopsy study.
A UHPLC-TOF/MS method based metabonomic study of total ginsenosides effects on Alzheimer disease mouse model.
Vascular pathology: Cause or effect in Alzheimer disease?
Recent Findings in Alzheimer Disease and Nutrition Focusing on Epigenetics.
Postmenopausal hormone therapy and Alzheimer disease: A prospective cohort study.
Pharmacological and Nonpharmacological Treatment for Apathy in Alzheimer Disease : A systematic review across modalities
Genetic risk for schizophrenia and psychosis in Alzheimer disease.
Issues in Geriatric Care: Alzheimer Disease.
Review of the advances in treatment for Alzheimer disease: Strategies for combating β-amyloid protein.
Differentiating between Alzheimer Disease Patients and Controls with Phase-difference-enhanced Imaging at 3T: A Feasibility Study.
Mild cognitive impairment due to alzheimer disease is less likely under the age of 65.
Global Trends in Alzheimer Disease Clinical Development: Increasing the Probability of Success.
Association of Insulin Resistance With Cerebral Glucose Uptake in Late Middle-Aged Adults at Risk for Alzheimer Disease.
Disease and Region Specificity of Granulin Immunopositivities in Alzheimer Disease and Frontotemporal Lobar Degeneration.
Late-Onset Alzheimer Disease.
Cerebrospinal Fluid Amyloid Beta and Tau Concentrations Are Not Modulated by 16 Weeks of Moderate- to High-Intensity Physical Exercise in Patients with Alzheimer Disease.
Neuropathology of Autosomal Dominant Alzheimer Disease in the National Alzheimer Coordinating Center Database.
Association of pituitary adenylate cyclase-activating polypeptide with cognitive decline in mild cognitive impairment due to Alzheimer disease.
Structural Mechanism of the Interaction of Alzheimer Disease Aβ Fibrils with the Non-steroidal Anti-inflammatory Drug (NSAID) Sulindac Sulfide.
Executive Abilities as Reflected by Clock Hand Placement: Frontotemporal Dementia Versus Early-Onset Alzheimer Disease.
Cross-sectional neurocognitive data do not support a transition from fibrofog to Alzheimer disease in fibromyalgia patients.
Polygenic hazard scores in preclinical Alzheimer disease.
Clinical marker for Alzheimer disease pathology in logopenic primary progressive aphasia.
Suppressor Mutations for Presenilin 1 Familial Alzheimer Disease Mutants Modulate γ-Secretase Activities.
Association of dietary cholesterol and egg intakes with the risk of incident dementia or Alzheimer disease: the Kuopio Ischaemic Heart Disease Risk Factor Study.
Resolution of inflammation, n-3 fatty acid supplementation and Alzheimer disease: A narrative review.
A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of resveratrol for Alzheimer disease.
Resistance vs resilience to Alzheimer disease: Clarifying terminology for preclinical studies.
<sup>18</sup>F-Fluorodeoxyglucose Positron Emission Tomography Cortical Metabolic Activity Associated with Distinct Agitation Behaviors in Alzheimer Disease.
Abnormal clotting of the intrinsic/contact pathway in Alzheimer disease patients is related to cognitive ability.
Efficacy of Cognitive Rehabilitation in Alzheimer Disease: A 1-Year Follow-Up Study.
Optimizing Effect Sizes With Imaging Enrichment and Outcome Choices for Mild Alzheimer Disease Clinical Trials.
Is VEGF a Key Target of Cotinine and Other Potential Therapies Against Alzheimer Disease?
A randomized controlled trial of disclosing genetic risk information for Alzheimer disease via telephone.
Tau Oligomer Pathology in Nucleus Basalis Neurons During the Progression of Alzheimer Disease.
Time-course global proteome analyses reveal an inverse correlation between Aβ burden and immunoglobulin M levels in the APPNL-F mouse model of Alzheimer disease.
Polygenic Score for Alzheimer Disease and cognition: The mediating role of personality.
Alzheimer disease: Preclinical Alzheimer disease - the new frontier.
Mexico City normal weight children exposed to high concentrations of ambient PM2.5 show high blood leptin and endothelin-1, vitamin D deficiency, and food reward hormone dysregulation versus low pollution controls. Relevance for obesity and Alzheimer disease.
The mini mental state examination at the time of Alzheimer's disease and related disorders diagnosis, according to age, education, gender and place of residence: a cross-sectional study among the French National Alzheimer database.
Shapes of the trajectories of 5 major biomarkers of Alzheimer disease.
Apolipoprotein E genotype and the diagnostic accuracy of cerebrospinal fluid biomarkers for Alzheimer disease.
Modulation of functional activity and connectivity by acupuncture in patients with Alzheimer disease as measured by resting-state fMRI.
Episodic memory in normal aging and Alzheimer disease: Insights from imaging and behavioral studies.
Lessons from Anti-Amyloid-β Immunotherapies in Alzheimer Disease: Aiming at a Moving Target.
Performance of a Condensed Protocol That Reduces Effort and Cost of NIA-AA Guidelines for Neuropathologic Assessment of Alzheimer Disease.
Genetics of psychosis of Alzheimer disease.
Correlated patterns of neuropsychological and behavioral symptoms in frontal variant of Alzheimer disease and behavioral variant frontotemporal dementia: a comparative case study.
An artificial neural network model for clinical score prediction in Alzheimer disease using structural neuroimaging measures
Functional connectivity in autosomal dominant and late-onset Alzheimer disease.
It is not only memory: effects of sensecam on improving well-being in patients with mild alzheimer disease.
Adaptive, dose-finding phase 2 trial evaluating the safety and efficacy of ABT-089 in mild to moderate Alzheimer disease.
Traumatic brain injury history and progression from mild cognitive impairment to Alzheimer disease.
The Na+/H+ exchanger NHE6 modulates endosomal pH to control processing of amyloid precursor protein in a cell culture model of Alzheimer disease.
The genetic landscape of Alzheimer disease.
Brain properties predict proximity to symptom onset in sporadic Alzheimer's disease.
NIA-AA Research Framework: Toward a biological definition of Alzheimer's disease.
Kinetics of the Tau PET Tracer 18F-AV-1451 (T807) in Subjects with Normal Cognitive Function, Mild Cognitive Impairment, and Alzheimer Disease.
Translating the biology of aging into novel therapeutics for Alzheimer disease.
Could Better Phenotyping Small Vessel Disease Provide New Insights into Alzheimer Disease and Improve Clinical Trial Outcomes?
Alzheimer disease biomarkers, attentional control, and semantic memory retrieval: Synergistic and mediational effects of biomarkers on a sensitive cognitive measure in non-demented older adults.
Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids and Oxylipins in Neuroinflammation and Management of Alzheimer Disease.
Gait speed or gait variability, which one to use as a marker of risk to develop Alzheimer disease? A pilot study.
A key role for MAM in mediating mitochondrial dysfunction in Alzheimer disease.
Prevention of Alzheimer disease: The roles of nutrition and primary care.
Causal Effect of Lp(a) [Lipoprotein(a)] Level on Ischemic Stroke and Alzheimer Disease: A Mendelian Randomization Study.
Understanding Alzheimer Disease at the Interface between Genetics and Transcriptomics.
Comparing <sup>18</sup>F-AV-1451 with CSF t-tau and p-tau for diagnosis of Alzheimer disease.
Cognitive Decline in a Colombian Kindred With Autosomal Dominant Alzheimer Disease: A Retrospective Cohort Study.
Sundown Syndrome, Sleep Quality, and Walking Among Community-Dwelling People With Alzheimer Disease.
Microbleeds, Mortality, and Stroke in Alzheimer Disease: The MISTRAL Study.
Examining the Causal Role of Leptin in Alzheimer Disease: A Mendelian Randomization Study.
Intraneuronal Amyloid Beta Accumulation Disrupts Hippocampal CRTC1-Dependent Gene Expression and Cognitive Function in a Rat Model of Alzheimer Disease.
Targeting Prodromal Alzheimer Disease With Avagacestat: A Randomized Clinical Trial.
Redox proteomics analysis of HNE-modified proteins in Down syndrome brain: clues for understanding the development of Alzheimer disease.
Does a positive Pittsburgh Compound B scan in a patient with dementia equal Alzheimer disease?
Alzheimer disease detection from structural MR images using FCM based weighted probabilistic neural network.
Errors in self-reports of health services use: impact on alzheimer disease clinical trial designs.
18F-florbetapir PET in patients with frontotemporal dementia and Alzheimer disease.
Clinical predictors of severe cerebral amyloid angiopathy and influence of APOE genotype in persons with pathologically verified Alzheimer disease.
Diagnostic Efficacy of Structural MRI in Patients With Mild-to-Moderate Alzheimer Disease: Automated Volumetric Assessment Versus Visual Assessment.
Effect of simvastatin on CSF Alzheimer disease biomarkers in cognitively normal adults.
Serum Interleukin-10 Levels Correlate with Cerebrospinal Fluid Amyloid Beta Deposition in Alzheimer Disease Patients.
Cognitive intervention therapy as treatment for behaviour disorders in Alzheimer disease: evidence on efficacy and neurobiological correlations.
Vitamin B12 in Association with Antipsychotic Drugs Can Modulate the Expression of Pro-/Anti-Inflammatory Cytokines in Alzheimer Disease Patients.
Postural Stability in Older Adults With Alzheimer Disease.
Relevance of Follow-Up in Patients with Core Clinical Criteria for Alzheimer Disease and Normal CSF Biomarkers.
The amyloid precursor protein (APP) processing as a biological link between Alzheimer's disease and cancer.
Statin Use, Incident Dementia and Alzheimer Disease in Elderly African Americans.
Evaluation of Tau Imaging in Staging Alzheimer Disease and Revealing Interactions Between β-Amyloid and Tauopathy.
Altered bile acid profile associates with cognitive impairment in Alzheimer's disease-An emerging role for gut microbiome.
Peripheral transcriptomic biomarkers for early detection of sporadic Alzheimer disease?
Increased localization of APP-C99 in mitochondria-associated ER membranes causes mitochondrial dysfunction in Alzheimer disease.
A neuroprotective brain-penetrating endopeptidase fusion protein ameliorates Alzheimer disease pathology and restores neurogenesis.
Relative risk for Alzheimer disease based on complete family history.
Specific Inhibition of β-Secretase Processing of the Alzheimer Disease Amyloid Precursor Protein.
Hypothermia as a risk factor for Alzheimer disease.
Cognitive Aging in Black and White Americans: Cognition, Cognitive Decline, and Incidence of Alzheimer Disease Dementia.
Reduced Pineal Volume in Alzheimer Disease: A Retrospective Cross-sectional MR Imaging Study.
Pericortical Enhancement on Delayed Postgadolinium Fluid-Attenuated Inversion Recovery Images in Normal Aging, Mild Cognitive Impairment, and Alzheimer Disease.
Hallmarks of Alzheimer disease are evolving relentlessly in Metropolitan Mexico City infants, children and young adults. APOE4 carriers have higher suicide risk and higher odds of reaching NFT stage V at ≤ 40 years of age.
Posterior Associative and Cingulate Cortex Involvement of Brain Single-Photon Emission Computed Tomography (SPECT) Imaging in Semantic Dementia with Probable Alzheimer Disease Pathology: A Case Report.
Age, vascular health, and Alzheimer disease biomarkers in an elderly sample.
Soluble amyloid-beta buffering by plaques in Alzheimer disease dementia versus high-pathology controls.
Comparative Diagnostic Accuracy of the ACE-III, MIS, MMSE, MoCA, and RUDAS for Screening of Alzheimer Disease.
Sleep disturbances are key symptoms of very early stage Alzheimer disease with behavioral and psychological symptoms: a Japan multi-center cross-sectional study (J-BIRD).
<i>In vivo</i> imaging of prodromal hippocampus CA1 subfield oxidative stress in models of Alzheimer disease and Angelman syndrome.
Deficiency in EP4 Receptor-Associated Protein Ameliorates Abnormal Anxiety-Like Behavior and Brain Inflammation in a Mouse Model of Alzheimer Disease.
Quantitative Systems Pharmacology Model for Alzheimer Disease Indicates Targeting Sphingolipid Dysregulation as Potential Treatment Option.
The combination of luteolin and l-theanine improved Alzheimer disease-like symptoms by potentiating hippocampal insulin signaling and decreasing neuroinflammation and norepinephrine degradation in amyloid-β-infused rats.
A novel presenilin 1 mutation (Ala275Val) as cause of early-onset familial Alzheimer disease.
Blood-based biomarkers for Alzheimer disease: mapping the road to the clinic.
Immunogenicity of DNA- and recombinant protein-based Alzheimer disease epitope vaccines.
Plasma Tau Association with Brain Atrophy in Mild Cognitive Impairment and Alzheimer's Disease.
Risk Factors of Behavioral and Psychological Symptoms in Patients with Alzheimer Disease: The Clinical Research of Dementia of South Korea Study.
Assessment of change in glucose metabolism in white matter of amyloid-positive patients with Alzheimer disease using F-18 FDG PET.
Dependence Stage and Pharmacoeconomic Outcomes in Patients With Alzheimer Disease.
Temporal Trends and Rural-Urban Differences in Hospital Length of Stay for Alzheimer Disease and Related Disorders.
New Perspectives of Alzheimer Disease Diagnosis - the Most Popular and Future Methods.
Prediction and classification of Alzheimer disease based on quantification of MRI deformation.
Traumatic brain injury history is associated with earlier age of onset of Alzheimer disease.
Effects of the Insulin Sensitizer Metformin in Alzheimer Disease: Pilot Data From a Randomized Placebo-controlled Crossover Study.
The Effects of the Perception of Being Recognized by Patients With Alzheimer Disease on a Caregiver's Burden and Psychophysical Health.
Advances on Automatic Speech Analysis for Early Detection of Alzheimer Disease: A Non-linear Multi-task Approach.
Circadian rhythm in Alzheimer disease after trazodone use.
Resting-State Functional Connectivity Changes Associated with Visuospatial Cognitive Deficits in Patients with Mild Alzheimer Disease.
Multi-Target Mining of Alzheimer Disease Proteome with Hansch's QSBR-Perturbation Theory and Experimental-Theoretic Study of New Thiophene Isosters of Rasagiline.
Altered peripheral profile of blood cells in Alzheimer disease: A hospital-based case-control study.
Version 3 of the Alzheimer Disease Centers' Neuropsychological Test Battery in the Uniform Data Set (UDS).
Current Practices in the Treatment of Alzheimer Disease: Where is the Evidence After the Phase III Trials?
Refining Mild-to-Moderate Alzheimer Disease Screening: A Tool for Clinicians.
Detailed comparison of amyloid PET and CSF biomarkers for identifying early Alzheimer disease.
PET Imaging of Copper Trafficking in a Mouse Model of Alzheimer Disease.
[Biomarkers of Alzheimer disease].
Nanotechnology for Alzheimer Disease.
Polygenic risk score analysis of pathologically confirmed Alzheimer disease.
Genome instability in Alzheimer disease.
Opening the debate on deep brain stimulation for Alzheimer disease - a critical evaluation of rationale, shortcomings, and ethical justification.
Cued memory decline in biomarker-defined preclinical Alzheimer disease.
Cognitive Mechanisms in Decision-Making in Patients With Mild Alzheimer Disease.
Executive Function and Personality Predict Instrumental Activities of Daily Living in Alzheimer Disease.
Genetic predisposition to increased blood cholesterol and triglyceride lipid levels and risk of Alzheimer disease: a Mendelian randomization analysis.
First PET Imaging Studies With 63Zn-Zinc Citrate in Healthy Human Participants and Patients With Alzheimer Disease.
Sex, amyloid, and APOE ε4 and risk of cognitive decline in preclinical Alzheimer's disease: Findings from three well-characterized cohorts.
N-truncated Aβ<sub>4-x</sub> peptides in sporadic Alzheimer's disease cases and transgenic Alzheimer mouse models.
Alzheimer Disease: Scientific Breakthroughs and Translational Challenges.
Prevalence of Comorbidity in Patients With Young-Onset Alzheimer Disease Compared With Late-Onset: A Comparative Cohort Study.
Association of Long Runs of Homozygosity With Alzheimer Disease Among African American Individuals.
Dissociable effects of Alzheimer disease and white matter hyperintensities on brain metabolism.
Grey matter atrophy in mild cognitive impairment / early Alzheimer disease associated with delusions: a voxel-based morphometry study.
Differences in and correlations between cognitive abilities and brain volumes in healthy control, mild cognitive impairment, and Alzheimer disease groups.
Antisense oligonucleotide against GSK-3β in brain of SAMP8 mice improves learning and memory and decreases oxidative stress: Involvement of transcription factor Nrf2 and implications for Alzheimer disease.
Quantification of white matter cellularity and damage in preclinical and early symptomatic Alzheimer's disease.
Cerebrovascular Alterations in Alzheimer Disease.
mNos2 deletion and human NOS2 replacement in Alzheimer disease models.
Aberrant protein phosphorylation in Alzheimer disease brain disturbs pro-survival and cell death pathways.
Longitudinal brain imaging in preclinical Alzheimer disease: impact of APOE ε4 genotype.
Elevated serum pesticide levels and risk for Alzheimer disease.
Cross-interactions between the Alzheimer Disease Amyloid-β Peptide and Other Amyloid Proteins: A Further Aspect of the Amyloid Cascade Hypothesis.
Donepezil treatment in ethnically diverse patients with Alzheimer disease.
Identification of CHCHD10 Mutation in Chinese Patients with Alzheimer Disease.
Accuracy of the clinical diagnosis of Alzheimer disease at National Institute on Aging Alzheimer Disease Centers, 2005-2010.
Screening Utility of the King-Devick Test in Mild Cognitive Impairment and Alzheimer Disease Dementia.
Preferential degradation of cognitive networks differentiates Alzheimer's disease from ageing.
Sex Differences in Cognitive Decline in Subjects with High Likelihood of Mild Cognitive Impairment due to Alzheimer's disease.
Aβ-related memory decline in APOE ε4 noncarriers: Implications for Alzheimer disease.
Potential diagnostic value of <sup>131</sup>I-MIBG myocardial scintigraphy in discrimination between Alzheimer disease and dementia with Lewy bodies.
Synaptic Proteome Compensation and Resilience to Psychosis in Alzheimer's Disease.
18F-THK5351: A Novel PET Radiotracer for Imaging Neurofibrillary Pathology in Alzheimer Disease.
Longitudinal Cerebrospinal Fluid Biomarker Changes in Preclinical Alzheimer Disease During Middle Age.
Genetic variants in Alzheimer disease - molecular and brain network approaches.
Higher levels of thyroxine may predict a favorable response to donepezil treatment in patients with Alzheimer disease: a prospective, case-control study.
APOE3, but not APOE4, bone marrow transplantation mitigates behavioral and pathological changes in a mouse model of Alzheimer disease.
An operational approach to National Institute on Aging-Alzheimer's Association criteria for preclinical Alzheimer disease.
Novel potential for the management of Alzheimer disease.
Mechanisms of Hydrogen Sulfide against the Progression of Severe Alzheimer's Disease in Transgenic Mice at Different Ages.
A metabolomic study based on accurate mass and isotopic fine structures by dual mode combined-FT-ICR-MS to explore the effects of Rhodiola crenulata extract on Alzheimer disease in rats.
Direct and indirect assessments of activities of daily living in behavioral variant frontotemporal dementia and Alzheimer disease.
Mosaic Loss of Chromosome Y in Blood Is Associated with Alzheimer Disease.
Artemisia amygdalina Upregulates Nrf2 and Protects Neurons Against Oxidative Stress in Alzheimer Disease.
Early Statin Use and the Progression of Alzheimer Disease: A Total Population-Based Case-Control Study.
Preclinical Assessment of Young Blood Plasma for Alzheimer Disease.
The Association Between Clusterin and APOE Polymorphisms and Late-Onset Alzheimer Disease in a Turkish Cohort.
Advanced Glycation End-Products Are Associated With the Presence and Severity of Paratonia in Early Stage Alzheimer Disease.
Comparison of symptomatic and asymptomatic persons with Alzheimer disease neuropathology.
Genetically decreased vitamin D and risk of Alzheimer disease.
Insulin resistance predicts medial temporal hypermetabolism in mild cognitive impairment conversion to Alzheimer disease.
Automated algorithm to measure changes in medial temporal lobe volume in Alzheimer disease.
Visit-to-Visit Variations in Fasting Plasma Glucose and HbA<sub>1c</sub> Associated With an Increased Risk of Alzheimer Disease: Taiwan Diabetes Study.
The Broken Lens of BPSD: Why We Need to Rethink the Way We Label the Behavior of People Who Live With Alzheimer Disease.
Public perceptions of presymptomatic testing for Alzheimer disease.
Biomarker progressions explain higher variability in stage-specific cognitive decline than baseline values in Alzheimer disease.
Mitochondrial defects and oxidative stress in Alzheimer disease and Parkinson disease.
Evaluation of hippocampal volume and serum brain-derived neurotrophic factor as potential diagnostic markers of conversion from amnestic mild cognitive impairment to Alzheimer disease: A STROBE-compliant article.
Predicting Alzheimer disease from a blood-based biomarker profile: A 54-month follow-up.
"Noncognitive" symptoms of early Alzheimer disease: a longitudinal analysis.
Psychosis of Alzheimer disease: prevalence, incidence, persistence, risk factors, and mortality.
Differences in Alzheimer disease clinical trial outcomes based on age of the participants.
Tenascin-C Is Associated with Cored Amyloid-β Plaques in Alzheimer Disease and Pathology Burdened Cognitively Normal Elderly.
Early psychosocial intervention does not delay institutionalization in persons with mild Alzheimer disease and has impact on neither disease progression nor caregivers' well-being: ALSOVA 3-year follow-up.
Neuropsychological predictors of conversion to probable Alzheimer disease in elderly with mild cognitive impairment.
Oxidative stress, dysfunctional glucose metabolism and Alzheimer disease.
Hippocampal Sclerosis but Not Normal Aging or Alzheimer Disease Is Associated With TDP-43 Pathology in the Basal Forebrain of Aged Persons.
Insulin-degrading enzyme secretion from astrocytes is mediated by an autophagy-based unconventional secretory pathway in Alzheimer disease.
The Effect of Reminiscence Therapy on Cognition, Depression, and Activities of Daily Living for Patients With Alzheimer Disease.
Effect of Dextromethorphan-Quinidine on Agitation in Patients With Alzheimer Disease Dementia: A Randomized Clinical Trial.
An Alzheimer Disease-linked Rare Mutation Potentiates Netrin Receptor Uncoordinated-5C-induced Signaling That Merges with Amyloid β Precursor Protein Signaling.
[Effect of a non-pharmacological intervention, Voix d'Or(®), on behavior disturbances in Alzheimer disease and associated disorders].
Vascular Factors and Cognitive Dysfunction in Alzheimer Disease.
Functional correlates of TSH, fT3 and fT4 in Alzheimer disease: a F-18 FDG PET/CT study.
Adverse Events With Sustained-Release Donepezil in Alzheimer Disease: Relation to Body Mass Index.
Screening approach for identifying candidate drugs and drug-drug interactions related to hip fracture risk in persons with Alzheimer disease.
Tau PET in autosomal dominant Alzheimer's disease: relationship with cognition, dementia and other biomarkers.
The Protective Effect of Cantonese/Mandarin Bilingualism on the Onset of Alzheimer Disease.
Predictors of Rapid Cognitive Decline in Patients with Mild-to-Moderate Alzheimer Disease: A Prospective Cohort Study with 12-Month Follow-Up Performed in Memory Clinics.
Neuroinflammation, immune system and Alzheimer disease: searching for the missing link.
Sex differences in Alzheimer's disease and common neuropathologies of aging.
Cerebrospinal fluid Alzheimer biomarkers can be useful for discriminating dementia with Lewy bodies from Alzheimer's disease at the prodromal stage.
Immunosensor for diagnosis of Alzheimer disease using amyloid-β 1-40 peptide and silk fibroin thin films.
[Possibilities of modern imaging technologies in early diagnosis of Alzheimer disease].
Correlation Between Caregiver Reports of Physical Function and Performance-based Measures in a Cohort of Older Adults With Alzheimer Disease.
Extrapyramidal Signs and Cognitive Subdomains in Alzheimer Disease.
Opposite Dysregulation of Fragile-X Mental Retardation Protein and Heteronuclear Ribonucleoprotein C Protein Associates with Enhanced APP Translation in Alzheimer Disease.
TREM2 - a key player in microglial biology and Alzheimer disease.
Molecular mechanisms of the genetic risk factors in pathogenesis of Alzheimer disease.
An investigation of the molecular mechanisms engaged before and after the development of Alzheimer disease neuropathology in Down syndrome: a proteomics approach.
[The cost of applying the Dependency Law to Alzheimer disease].
Spore powder of Ganoderma lucidum for the treatment of Alzheimer disease: A pilot study.
Transcranial direct current stimulation and cognitive training in the rehabilitation of Alzheimer disease: A case study.
Epigenetic mechanisms underlying cognitive impairment and Alzheimer disease hallmarks in 5XFAD mice.
Reduced fibrillar β-amyloid in subcortical structures in a butyrylcholinesterase-knockout Alzheimer disease mouse model.
Activity of P-Glycoprotein, a β-Amyloid Transporter at the Blood-Brain Barrier, Is Compromised in Patients with Mild Alzheimer Disease.
[Biomarker-based diagnostics of Alzheimer's disease : Concept of suspected non-Alzheimer pathology].
Considering sex and gender in Alzheimer disease and other dementias.
Meta-analysis of the association between variants in SORL1 and Alzheimer disease.
Cerebrospinal Fluid Markers of Neurodegeneration and Rates of Brain Atrophy in Early Alzheimer Disease.
Clinical Features of Alzheimer Disease With and Without Lewy Bodies.
Alzheimer Café: an approach focused on Alzheimer's patients but with remarkable values on the quality of life of their caregivers.
[Brain imaging of Alzheimer' disease: state of the art and perspectives for clinicians].
Neuropsychiatric symptom clusters of Alzheimer disease in Hong Kong Chinese: correlates with caregiver burden and depression.
Self-Rated and Caregiver-Rated Quality of Life in Alzheimer Disease with a Focus on Evolving Patient Ability to Respond to Questionnaires: 5-Year Prospective ALSOVA Cohort Study.
Prevalence and prognosis of Alzheimer's disease at the mild cognitive impairment stage.
Bi-directional Association of Cerebrospinal Fluid Immune Markers with Stage of Alzheimer's Disease Pathogenesis.
Rarity of the Alzheimer disease-protective APP A673T variant in the United States.
Potential Role of (-)-Epigallocatechin-3-Gallate (EGCG) in the Secondary Prevention of Alzheimer Disease.
Aphasic variant of Alzheimer disease: Clinical, anatomic, and genetic features.
Possibility of Acetylcholinesterase Overexpression in Alzheimer Disease Patients after Therapy with Acetylcholinesterase Inhibitors.
Tau Spread, Apolipoprotein E, Inflammation, and More: Rapidly Evolving Basic Science in Alzheimer Disease.
Evaluation of Amyloid Protective Factors and Alzheimer Disease Neurodegeneration Protective Factors in Elderly Individuals.
Primary and Secondary Prevention Trials in Alzheimer Disease: Looking Back, Moving Forward.
Administration of bovine casein-derived peptide prevents cognitive decline in Alzheimer disease model mice.
Cholinergic Changes in Aging and Alzheimer Disease: An [18F]-F-A-85380 Exploratory PET Study.
Microglia-targeted stem cell therapies for Alzheimer disease: A preclinical data review.
Protein Phosphatase 2A and Its Methylation Modulating Enzymes LCMT-1 and PME-1 Are Dysregulated in Tauopathies of Progressive Supranuclear Palsy and Alzheimer Disease.
Amyloid precursor protein metabolism and inflammation markers in preclinical Alzheimer disease.
Myo-inositol changes precede amyloid pathology and relate to APOE genotype in Alzheimer disease.
Effect of AZD0530 on Cerebral Metabolic Decline in Alzheimer Disease: A Randomized Clinical Trial.
Posterior cortical atrophy: an atypical variant of Alzheimer disease.
Predicting cognitive decline in subjects at risk for Alzheimer disease by using combined cerebrospinal fluid, MR imaging, and PET biomarkers.
Risk Factors for Progression of Alzheimer Disease in a Canadian Population: The Canadian Outcomes Study in Dementia (COSID).
Gram-negative bacterial molecules associate with Alzheimer disease pathology.
Diabetes and Alzheimer disease, two overlapping pathologies with the same background: oxidative stress.
[Cerebral cavernous malformation 3 gene deficiency promotes early changes in Alzheimer disease-like lesions induced by low lead exposure].
Biomarkers of Alzheimer Disease in Children with Obstructive Sleep Apnea: Effect of Adenotonsillectomy.
Intracellular and extracellular microtubule associated protein tau as a therapeutic target in Alzheimer disease and other tauopathies.
Effect of Cognitive Reserve on Age-Related Changes in Cerebrospinal Fluid Biomarkers of Alzheimer Disease.
Association between fatty acid metabolism in the brain and Alzheimer disease neuropathology and cognitive performance: A nontargeted metabolomic study.
Revised criteria for mild cognitive impairment may compromise the diagnosis of Alzheimer disease dementia.
Music therapy and Alzheimer's disease: Cognitive, psychological, and behavioural effects.
Differential effects of completed and incomplete pregnancies on the risk of Alzheimer disease.
Early-onset Alzheimer Disease and Its Variants.
Analysis of neurodegenerative Mendelian genes in clinically diagnosed Alzheimer Disease.
The emerging link between O-GlcNAc and Alzheimer disease.
Perception of Alzheimer Disease in Iranian Traditional Medicine.
Application of Machine Learning to Arterial Spin Labeling in Mild Cognitive Impairment and Alzheimer Disease.
Evaluating the Effectiveness of GTM-1, Rapamycin, and Carbamazepine on Autophagy and Alzheimer Disease.
Clinical and Pathological Benefit of Twendee X in Alzheimer's Disease Transgenic Mice with Chronic Cerebral Hypoperfusion.
Spatial navigation deficits - overlooked cognitive marker for preclinical Alzheimer disease?
Spatially distinct atrophy is linked to β-amyloid and tau in preclinical Alzheimer disease.
Genetic Analysis of Association Between Calcium Signaling and Hippocampal Activation, Memory Performance in the Young and Old, and Risk for Sporadic Alzheimer Disease.
Loss of white matter integrity reflects tau accumulation in Alzheimer disease defined regions.
Synaptic Plasticity, Dementia and Alzheimer Disease.
Incident opioid use and risk of hip fracture among persons with Alzheimer disease: a nationwide matched cohort study.
Association of Docosahexaenoic Acid Supplementation With Alzheimer Disease Stage in Apolipoprotein E ε4 Carriers: A Review.
The mitochondrial O-linked N-acetylglucosamine transferase (mOGT) in the diabetic patient could be the initial trigger to develop Alzheimer disease.
Neurobiology of delusions, memory, and insight in Alzheimer disease.
Docosahexaenoic acid supplementation and cognitive decline in Alzheimer disease: a randomized trial.
Analysis of the Retinal Nerve Fiber Layer Thickness in Alzheimer Disease and Mild Cognitive Impairment.
Dynamic Regulation of Cerebral Blood Flow in Patients With Alzheimer Disease.
The neurobiology of Alzheimer disease defined by neuroimaging.
Dementia and Alzheimer's disease risks in patients with autoimmune disorders.
Oral health in Alzheimer's disease: a multicenter case-control study.
Curcumin-loaded self-nanomicellizing solid dispersion system: part II: in vivo safety and efficacy assessment against behavior deficit in Alzheimer disease.
Functional neuroanatomical associations of working memory in early-onset Alzheimer's disease.
Cognitive and neuroimaging features and brain β-amyloidosis in individuals at risk of Alzheimer's disease (INSIGHT-preAD): a longitudinal observational study.
Fish Intake, Genetic Predisposition to Alzheimer Disease, and Decline in Global Cognition and Memory in 5 Cohorts of Older Persons.
MacArthur Competence Assessment Tool for Treatment in Alzheimer disease: cross-cultural adaptation.
Biomarkers of lipid peroxidation in Alzheimer disease (AD): an update.
Imaging tau and amyloid-β proteinopathies in Alzheimer disease and other conditions.
Commentary: Fatty acids and Alzheimer's disease: evidence on cognition and cortical β-amyloid from secondary analyses of the Multidomain Alzheimer Preventive Trial.
Atrophy subtypes in prodromal Alzheimer's disease are associated with cognitive decline.
The Neuroprotective Effect of Dark Chocolate in Monosodium Glutamate-Induced Nontransgenic Alzheimer Disease Model Rats: Biochemical, Behavioral, and Histological Studies.
A molecular dynamics study of components of the ginger (Zingiber officinale) extract inside human acetylcholinesterase: implications for Alzheimer disease.
Longitudinal Partial Volume Correction in 2-[18F]-Fluoro-2-Deoxy-D-Glucose Positron Emission Tomography Studies of Alzheimer Disease.
Studying Arterial Stiffness Using High-Frequency Ultrasound in Mice with Alzheimer Disease.
Presymptomatic cortical thinning in familial Alzheimer disease: A longitudinal MRI study.
Structural bioinformatics-based identification of putative plant based lead compounds for Alzheimer Disease Therapy.
Blood Pressure Lowering With Nilvadipine in Patients With Mild-to-Moderate Alzheimer Disease Does Not Increase the Prevalence of Orthostatic Hypotension.
Inhibition of PKCδ reduces amyloid-β levels and reverses Alzheimer disease phenotypes.
Electrochemistry of Alzheimer Disease Amyloid Beta Peptides.
Age and rate of cognitive decline in Alzheimer disease: implications for clinical trials.
CpG-related SNPs in the MS4A region have a dose-dependent effect on risk of late-onset Alzheimer disease.
Benzoate, a D-amino acid oxidase inhibitor, for the treatment of early-phase Alzheimer disease: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
Suspected non-Alzheimer disease pathophysiology--concept and controversy.
Instrumented Trail-Making Task to Differentiate Persons with No Cognitive Impairment, Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment, and Alzheimer Disease: A Proof of Concept Study.
Vaccination against Alzheimer disease: an update on future strategies.
Anosognosia in Alzheimer disease: Prevalence, associated factors, and influence on disease progression.
Dysexecutive versus amnestic Alzheimer disease subgroups: analysis of demographic, genetic, and vascular factors.
A Meta-Analysis on the Relationship of the PON Genes and Alzheimer Disease.
Associations between biomarkers and age in the presenilin 1 E280A autosomal dominant Alzheimer disease kindred: a cross-sectional study.
Potential of the Antibody Against cis-Phosphorylated Tau in the Early Diagnosis, Treatment, and Prevention of Alzheimer Disease and Brain Injury.
Comparison between clinical diagnosis and CSF biomarkers of Alzheimer disease in elderly patients with late onset psychosis: Helsinki Old Age Psychosis Study (HOPS).
Efficacy of Cilostazol Administration in Alzheimer's Disease Patients with White Matter Lesions: A Positron-Emission Tomography Study.
Strategies for the Recruitment and Retention of Racial/Ethnic Minorities in Alzheimer Disease and Dementia Clinical Research.
A multiancestral genome-wide exome array study of Alzheimer disease, frontotemporal dementia, and progressive supranuclear palsy.
Frequency and impact of informant replacement in Alzheimer disease research.
Diagnosis of mild Alzheimer disease through the analysis of eye movements during reading.
Dynamic <sup>11</sup>C-PiB PET Shows Cerebrospinal Fluid Flow Alterations in Alzheimer Disease and Multiple Sclerosis.
Tau PET in Alzheimer disease and mild cognitive impairment.
Biomarkers for Alzheimer Disease: Classical and Novel Candidates' Review.
A possible significant role of zinc and GPR39 zinc sensing receptor in Alzheimer disease and epilepsy.
Brain pyrimidine nucleotide synthesis and Alzheimer disease.
A Clinicopathological Investigation of White Matter Hyperintensities and Alzheimer's Disease Neuropathology.
Effect of Education on Alzheimer's Disease-Related Neuroimaging Biomarkers in Healthy Controls, and Participants with Mild Cognitive Impairment and Alzheimer's Disease: A Cross-Sectional Study.
A Biomarker Combining Imaging and Neuropsychological Assessment for Tracking Early Alzheimer's Disease in Clinical Trials.
Activation of asparaginyl endopeptidase leads to Tau hyperphosphorylation in Alzheimer disease.
Association of traumatic brain injury and Alzheimer disease onset: A systematic review.
Nutritional Strategies in the Management of Alzheimer Disease: Systematic Review With Network Meta-Analysis.
Circadian Rhythms Disturbances in Alzheimer Disease: Current Concepts, Diagnosis, and Management.
Tau Positron Emission Tomography in Autosomal Dominant Alzheimer Disease: Small Windows, Big Picture.
[Clinical stages of patients with Alzheimer disease treated in specialist clinics in Spain. The EACE study].
Cognition and amyloid load in Alzheimer disease imaged with florbetapir F 18(AV-45) positron emission tomography.
Etanercept in Alzheimer disease: A randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind, phase 2 trial.
Adolescent Cognitive Aptitudes and Later-in-Life Alzheimer Disease and Related Disorders.
Expression of Alzheimer's disease risk genes in ischemic brain degeneration.
Calcineurin: directing the damage in Alzheimer disease: An Editorial for 'Neuronal calcineurin transcriptional targets parallel changes observed in Alzheimer disease brain' on page 24.
Polymorphisms of CHAT but not TFAM or VR22 are Associated with Alzheimer Disease Risk.
Hypothetical Preclinical Alzheimer Disease Groups and Longitudinal Cognitive Change.
Attitudes of Research Participants and the General Public Regarding Disclosure of Alzheimer Disease Research Results.
Polygenic risk score of sporadic late-onset Alzheimer's disease reveals a shared architecture with the familial and early-onset forms.
Polygenic Overlap Between C-Reactive Protein, Plasma Lipids, and Alzheimer Disease.
Selective Reminding and Free and Cued Selective Reminding in Mild Cognitive Impairment and Alzheimer Disease.
Associations of Pulse and Blood Pressure with Hippocampal Volume by APOE and Cognitive Phenotype: The Alzheimer's Disease Neuroimaging Initiative (ADNI).
Antipsychotic Use and Risk of Hospitalization or Death Due to Pneumonia in Persons With and Those Without Alzheimer Disease.
Kinetic Modeling of the Tau PET Tracer <sup>18</sup>F-AV-1451 in Human Healthy Volunteers and Alzheimer Disease Subjects.
Cholecystokinin and Alzheimer's disease: a biomarker of metabolic function, neural integrity, and cognitive performance.
The complexities of the pathology-pathogenesis relationship in Alzheimer disease.
High Prevalence of Stress and Low Prevalence of Alzheimer Disease CSF Biomarkers in a Clinical Sample with Subjective Cognitive Impairment.
Raloxifene for women with Alzheimer disease: A randomized controlled pilot trial.
Identifying key genes, pathways and screening therapeutic agents for manganese-induced Alzheimer disease using bioinformatics analysis.
The Retina as a Window or Mirror of the Brain Changes Detected in Alzheimer's Disease: Critical Aspects to Unravel.
Myoclonic epilepsy in Down syndrome and Alzheimer disease.
Deconstructing mitochondrial dysfunction in Alzheimer disease.
The utility of the Dementia Severity Rating Scale in differentiating mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer disease from controls.
Truncated Amyloid-β(11-40/42) from Alzheimer Disease Binds Cu2+ with a Femtomolar Affinity and Influences Fiber Assembly.
Abeta targets of the biosimilar antibodies of Bapineuzumab,  Crenezumab, Solanezumab in comparison to an antibody  against N‑truncated Abeta in sporadic Alzheimer disease cases  and mouse models.
Alzheimer disease: Anti-Aβ antibody treatment shows promise in Alzheimer disease.
[Efficacy and tolerance of Memantine monotherapy and combination therapy with Reinhartdt And Sea Cucumber Capsule on agitation in moderate to severe Alzheimer disease].
Comparison of imaging biomarkers in the Alzheimer Disease Neuroimaging Initiative and the Mayo Clinic Study of Aging.
[Morphological analysis of the hippocampal region associated with an innate behaviour task in the transgenic mouse model (3xTg-AD) for Alzheimer disease].
Regulatable transgenic mouse models of Alzheimer disease: onset, reversibility and spreading of Tau pathology.
Longitudinal association between astrocyte function and glucose metabolism in autosomal dominant Alzheimer's disease.
Depression and synaptic zinc regulation in Alzheimer disease, dementia with lewy bodies, and Parkinson disease dementia.
Alzheimer Disease and Mild Cognitive Impairment: Integrated Pulsed Arterial Spin-Labeling MRI and <sup>18</sup>F-FDG PET.
Multicrossover Randomized Controlled Trial Designs in Alzheimer Disease.
Changing Paradigm from one Target one Ligand Towards Multi-target Directed Ligand Design for Key Drug Targets of Alzheimer Disease: An Important Role of In Silico Methods in Multi-target Directed Ligands Design.
Brain Structural and Amyloid Correlates of Recovery From Semantic Interference in Cognitively Normal Individuals With or Without Family History of Late-Onset Alzheimer's Disease.
Increased CSF neurogranin concentration is specific to Alzheimer disease.
Cerebrospinal fluid β-amyloid and phospho-tau biomarker interactions affecting brain structure in preclinical Alzheimer disease.
Lycopene attenuates Aβ1-42 secretion and its toxicity in human cell and Caenorhabditis elegans models of Alzheimer disease.
The DIAN-TU Next Generation Alzheimer's prevention trial: Adaptive design and disease progression model.
Cerebellum Can Serve As a Pseudo-Reference Region in Alzheimer Disease to Detect Neuroinflammation Measured with PET Radioligand Binding to Translocator Protein.
Activation of the Cannabinoid Type 2 Receptor by a Novel Indazole Derivative Normalizes the Survival Pattern of Lymphoblasts from Patients with Late-Onset Alzheimer's Disease.
Is cerebral glucose metabolism related to blood-brain barrier dysfunction and intrathecal IgG synthesis in Alzheimer disease?: A 18F-FDG PET/CT study.
Cuba's Strategy for Alzheimer Disease and Dementia Syndromes.
Glutamate system, amyloid ß peptides and tau protein: functional interrelationships and relevance to Alzheimer disease pathology.
Defective retrograde transport impairs autophagic clearance in Alzheimer disease neurons.
Kinematic and Pressure Features of Handwriting and Drawing: Preliminary Results Between Patients with Mild Cognitive Impairment, Alzheimer Disease and Healthy Controls.
Early striatal amyloid deposition distinguishes Down syndrome and autosomal dominant Alzheimer's disease from late-onset amyloid deposition.
Review of Current Strategies for Delivering Alzheimer's Disease Drugs across the Blood-Brain Barrier.
Role of genes GSTM1, GSTT1, and MnSOD in the development of late-onset Alzheimer disease and their relationship with APOE*4.
Heterogeneity of neuroanatomical patterns in prodromal Alzheimer's disease: links to cognition, progression and biomarkers.
Low expression of aging-related NRXN3 is associated with Alzheimer disease: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Glutamatergic synaptic plasticity and dysfunction in Alzheimer disease: Emerging mechanisms.
The ERICA Score: An MR Imaging-based Visual Scoring System for the Assessment of Entorhinal Cortex Atrophy in Alzheimer Disease.
The amyloid cascade-inflammatory hypothesis of Alzheimer disease: implications for therapy.
Blood-based biomarkers in Alzheimer disease: Current state of the science and a novel collaborative paradigm for advancing from discovery to clinic.
Frontal Assessment Battery as a Useful Tool to Differentiate Mild Cognitive Impairment due to Subcortical Ischemic Vascular Disease from Alzheimer Disease.
Plasma proteomics for the identification of Alzheimer disease.
Attentional capture by incongruent object/background scenes in patients with Alzheimer disease.
[Research progress in pharmacological effects of Uncaria Hook on Alzheimer disease models].
Association between ACE polymorphism, cognitive phenotype and APOE E4 allele in a Tunisian population with Alzheimer disease.
Relationships between testosterone levels and cognition in patients with Alzheimer disease and nondemented elderly men.
Negative Bias in the Perception and Memory of Emotional Information in Alzheimer Disease.
Pharmacological activation of the Nrf2 pathway by 3H-1, 2-dithiole-3-thione is neuroprotective in a mouse model of Alzheimer disease.
Update on the core and developing cerebrospinal fluid biomarkers for Alzheimer disease.
Review: Impact of Helicobacter pylori on Alzheimer's disease: What do we know so far?
Gracilins: Spongionella-derived promising compounds for Alzheimer disease.
Common Polymorphisms in the GSK3β Gene May Contribute to the Pathogenesis of Alzheimer Disease: A Meta-Analysis.
Integrating Health Promotion Into Physical Therapy Practice to Improve Brain Health and Prevent Alzheimer Disease.
Alzheimer disease (AD) specific transcription, DNA methylation and splicing in twenty AD associated loci.
FUNDAMANT: an interventional 72-week phase 1 follow-up study of AADvac1, an active immunotherapy against tau protein pathology in Alzheimer's disease.
A Food and Drug Administration-approved asthma therapeutic agent impacts amyloid β in the brain in a transgenic model of Alzheimer disease.
[The diagnosis and treatment of Alzheimer's disease the representatives of elderly and senile age.]
Alzheimer disease in a mouse model: MR imaging-guided focused ultrasound targeted to the hippocampus opens the blood-brain barrier and improves pathologic abnormalities and behavior.
Senescence-accelerated OXYS rats: a model of age-related cognitive decline with relevance to abnormalities in Alzheimer disease.
Prevalence and associated factors of sarcopenia in elderly subjects with amnestic mild cognitive impairment or Alzheimer disease.
Blood-based protein biomarkers for diagnosis of Alzheimer disease.
Apolipoprotein E genotypes associated with Alzheimer disease and concomitant stroke.
[Bioethical reflections on ill-considered care due to an early diagnosis of Alzheimer disease].
Guarana (<i>Paullinia cupana</i>) Extract Protects <i>Caenorhabditis elegans</i> Models for Alzheimer Disease and Huntington Disease through Activation of Antioxidant and Protein Degradation Pathways.
Implication of the nutritional and nonnutritional factors in the context of preservation of cognitive performance in patients with dementia/depression and Alzheimer disease.
Neuropsychiatric Symptoms in Posterior Cortical Atrophy and Alzheimer Disease.
CSF soluble TREM2 as a measure of immune response along the Alzheimer's disease continuum.
Cognitive impairment 18 years before clinical diagnosis of Alzheimer disease dementia.
Physical Function Differences Between the Stages From Normal Cognition to Moderate Alzheimer Disease.
Alzheimer disease: Blood-derived Aβ induces AD pathology.
mTOR in Down syndrome: Role in Aß and tau neuropathology and transition to Alzheimer disease-like dementia.
Inflammatory signaling in Alzheimer disease and depression.
Motion discrimination in dementia with Lewy bodies and Alzheimer disease.
Effect of vitamin E and memantine on functional decline in Alzheimer disease: the TEAM-AD VA cooperative randomized trial.
Chronic Pharmacological mGluR5 Inhibition Prevents Cognitive Impairment and Reduces Pathogenesis in an Alzheimer Disease Mouse Model.
The role of cerebrovascular disease when there is concomitant Alzheimer disease.
[Pathological changes after brain ischemia are similar to those observed in Alzheimer disease].
The Cognitive Effects of Wearable Cameras in Mild Alzheimer Disease - An Experimental Study.
Regional Cerebral Blood Flow in the Posterior Cingulate and Precuneus and the Entorhinal Cortical Atrophy Score Differentiate Mild Cognitive Impairment and Dementia Due to Alzheimer Disease.
Early molecular changes in Alzheimer disease: can we catch the disease in its presymptomatic phase?
A guide to using functional magnetic resonance imaging to study Alzheimer's disease in animal models.
Sex modifies the APOE-related risk of developing Alzheimer disease.
Biliverdin reductase-A impairment links brain insulin resistance with increased Aβ production in an animal model of aging: Implications for Alzheimer disease.
Alzheimer disease: the landscape of ageing--insights from AD imaging markers.
Age-related macular degeneration and Alzheimer disease.
Modeling Alzheimer Disease Through Functional Independence and Participation.
Vaccination induced changes in pro-inflammatory cytokine levels as an early putative biomarker for cognitive improvement in a transgenic mouse model for Alzheimer disease.
Cognition or genetics? Predicting Alzheimer's disease with practice effects, APOE genotype, and brain metabolism.
'From past to future' - deciphering the molecular basis of Alzheimer's disease through the pages of the Journal of Neurochemistry.
Cross-sectional and longitudinal analysis of the relationship between Aβ deposition, cortical thickness, and memory in cognitively unimpaired individuals and in Alzheimer disease.
The CERAD neuropsychological assessment battery total score detects and predicts Alzheimer disease dementia with high diagnostic accuracy.
Randomized controlled trials for Alzheimer disease and Parkinson disease.
Long-term Course of Alzheimer Disease in Patients Treated According to the Dutch Dementia Guideline at a Memory Clinic: A "Real-Life" Study.
Brain and Brown Adipose Tissue Metabolism in Transgenic Tg2576 Mice Models of Alzheimer Disease Assessed Using <sup>18</sup>F-FDG PET Imaging.
Metabolic networks underlying cognitive reserve in prodromal Alzheimer disease: a European Alzheimer disease consortium project.
Efficacy of rivastigmine transdermal therapy on low food intake in patients with Alzheimer's disease: The Attitude Towards Food Consumption in Alzheimer's Disease Patients Revive with Rivastigmine Effects study.
Effectiveness of a condensed protocol for disclosing APOE genotype and providing risk education for Alzheimer disease.
Atrophy, hypometabolism and clinical trajectories in patients with amyloid-negative Alzheimer's disease.
Amyloid PET Screening for Enrichment of Early-Stage Alzheimer Disease Clinical Trials: Experience in a Phase 1b Clinical Trial.
Alzheimer Disease.
Multivariate meta-analyses of mitochondrial complex I and IV in major depressive disorder, bipolar disorder, schizophrenia, Alzheimer disease, and Parkinson disease.
Revisiting DLB Diagnosis: A Consideration of Prodromal DLB and of the Diagnostic Overlap With Alzheimer Disease.
Sleep quality and preclinical Alzheimer disease.
Brain Imaging and Blood Biomarker Abnormalities in Children With Autosomal Dominant Alzheimer Disease: A Cross-Sectional Study.
MicroRNA-339-5p down-regulates protein expression of β-site amyloid precursor protein-cleaving enzyme 1 (BACE1) in human primary brain cultures and is reduced in brain tissue specimens of Alzheimer disease subjects.
Associations between Potentially Modifiable Risk Factors and Alzheimer Disease: A Mendelian Randomization Study.
A collaborative Alzheimer disease research exchange using a community-based Helpline as a recruitment tool.
Genetic meta-analysis of diagnosed Alzheimer's disease identifies new risk loci and implicates Aβ, tau, immunity and lipid processing.
Mediterranean diet: The role of long-chain ω-3 fatty acids in fish; polyphenols in fruits, vegetables, cereals, coffee, tea, cacao and wine; probiotics and vitamins in prevention of stroke, age-related cognitive decline, and Alzheimer disease.
Extra-virgin olive oil for potential prevention of Alzheimer disease.
Serum neurofilament dynamics predicts neurodegeneration and clinical progression in presymptomatic Alzheimer's disease.
Are N- and C-terminally truncated Aβ species key pathological triggers in Alzheimer's disease?
Mismatch negativity as a potential neurobiological marker of early-stage Alzheimer disease and vascular dementia.
The ubiquitin-proteasome system and the autophagic-lysosomal system in Alzheimer disease.
High complement levels in astrocyte-derived exosomes of Alzheimer disease.
Understanding disease progression and improving Alzheimer's disease clinical trials: Recent highlights from the Alzheimer's Disease Neuroimaging Initiative.
Liposomes bi-functionalized with phosphatidic acid and an ApoE-derived peptide affect Aβ aggregation features and cross the blood-brain-barrier: implications for therapy of Alzheimer disease.
Long-term use of opioids for nonmalignant pain among community-dwelling persons with and without Alzheimer disease in Finland: a nationwide register-based study.
Synthesis and Preliminary Evaluation of Phenyl 4-123I-Iodophenylcarbamate for Visualization of Cholinesterases Associated with Alzheimer Disease Pathology.
Use of postmenopausal hormone therapy and risk of Alzheimer's disease in Finland: nationwide case-control study.
Alzheimer's disease diagnosis based on the Hippocampal Unified Multi-Atlas Network (HUMAN) algorithm.
Efficacy of Group Reminiscence Therapy on Cognition, Depression, Neuropsychiatric Symptoms, and Activities of Daily Living for Patients With Alzheimer Disease.
Visual Ratings of Medial Temporal Lobe Atrophy Correlate with CSF Tau Indices in Clinical Variants of Early-Onset Alzheimer Disease.
Do anti-amyloid beta protein antibody cross reactivities confound Alzheimer disease research?
Alois Alzheimer's case, Auguste D., did not carry the N141I mutation in PSEN2 characteristic of Alzheimer disease in Volga Germans.
TREM2 variants: new keys to decipher Alzheimer disease pathogenesis.
Mapping the effect of the apolipoprotein E genotype on 4-year atrophy rates in an Alzheimer disease-related brain network.
Early intervention in the 3xTg-AD mice with an amyloid β-antibody fragment ameliorates first hallmarks of Alzheimer disease.
Summary metrics to assess Alzheimer disease-related hypometabolic pattern with 18F-FDG PET: head-to-head comparison.
The meaning of living close to a person with Alzheimer disease.
Vascular burden and Alzheimer disease pathologic progression.
Music Intervention With Reminiscence Therapy and Reality Orientation for Elderly People With Alzheimer Disease Living in a Nursing Home: A Pilot Study.
Vaccination to Alzheimer Disease. Is it a Promising Tool or a Blind Way?
Alzheimer disease: epidemiology, diagnostic criteria, risk factors and biomarkers.
Distinct cytokine profiles in human brains resilient to Alzheimer's pathology.
The mitochondria-targeted antioxidant MitoQ extends lifespan and improves healthspan of a transgenic Caenorhabditis elegans model of Alzheimer disease.
A novel Alzheimer disease locus located near the gene encoding tau protein.
Chronic fornix deep brain stimulation in a transgenic Alzheimer's rat model reduces amyloid burden, inflammation, and neuronal loss.
Longitudinal structural cerebral changes related to core CSF biomarkers in preclinical Alzheimer's disease: A study of two independent datasets.
Possible role of resveratrol targeting estradiol and neprilysin pathways in lipopolysaccharide model of Alzheimer disease.
Converging approaches to understanding early onset familial Alzheimer disease: A First Nation study.
Targeted sequencing of ABCA7 identifies splicing, stop-gain and intronic risk variants for Alzheimer disease.
Trace metal concentrations in hair and nails from Alzheimer's disease patients: Relations with clinical severity.
Frontal Cortex and Hippocampal γ-Secretase Activating Protein Levels in Prodromal Alzheimer Disease.
Patterns of Microglial Cell Activation in Alzheimer Disease and Frontotemporal Lobar Degeneration.
Neuropsychiatric Symptoms in Alzheimer Disease, Vascular Dementia, and Mixed Dementia.
Extent of Dorsolateral Prefrontal Cortex Plasticity and Its Association With Working Memory in Patients With Alzheimer Disease.
Ecological assessment of mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer disease using the Rivermead Behavioural Memory Test.
Multimodality imaging of Alzheimer disease and other neurodegenerative dementias.
Role of the extended MAPT haplotype in the worsening of psychotic symptoms and treatment response in Alzheimer disease.
Smoking and Risk for Alzheimer Disease: A Meta-Analysis Based on Both Case-Control and Cohort Study.
NEURODEM: assessment of the iatrogenic alert indicator for nursing home patients with Alzheimer's or Alzheimer-like disease.
Low-dose Lithium Treatment for Agitation and Psychosis in Alzheimer Disease and Frontotemporal Dementia: A Case Series.
Diagnostic Pathways to Alzheimer Disease: Costs Incurred in a Medicare Population.
Deficiency of Neuronal p38α MAPK Attenuates Amyloid Pathology in Alzheimer Disease Mouse and Cell Models through Facilitating Lysosomal Degradation of BACE1.
Alzheimer Disease Biomarkers and Driving in Clinically Normal Older Adults: Role of Spatial Navigation Abilities.
Glucose intolerance, insulin resistance, and pathological features of Alzheimer disease in the Baltimore Longitudinal Study of Aging.
Abeta, oxidative stress in Alzheimer disease: evidence based on proteomics studies.
Pre-clinical cognitive phenotypes for Alzheimer disease: a latent profile approach.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation distinguishes Alzheimer disease from frontotemporal dementia.
Data-driven models of dominantly-inherited Alzheimer's disease progression.
Repressive Coping Does Not Contribute to Anosognosia in First-Diagnosis Patients With Alzheimer Disease.
RNA Interference Silencing of Glycogen Synthase Kinase 3β Inhibites Tau Phosphorylation in Mice with Alzheimer Disease.
Using memories to understand others: the role of episodic memory in theory of mind impairment in Alzheimer disease.
The Alzheimer disease protective mutation A2T modulates kinetic and thermodynamic properties of amyloid-β (Aβ) aggregation.
Antipsychotic doses among community-dwelling persons with Alzheimer disease in Finland.
Medial temporal lobe atrophy and depressive symptoms in elderly patients with and without Alzheimer disease.
Molecular biomarkers of Alzheimer's disease: progress and prospects.
Neuropsychiatric Features of Neurosyphilis: Frequency, Relationship with the Severity of Cognitive Impairment and Comparison with Alzheimer Disease.
Cellular Models of Aggregation-dependent Template-directed Proteolysis to Characterize Tau Aggregation Inhibitors for Treatment of Alzheimer Disease.
The Lawton Instrumental Activities Daily Living/Activities Daily Living Scales: A Sensitive Test to Alzheimer Disease in Community-Dwelling Elderly People?
Effects of manual acupuncture combined with donepezil in a mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
The association between blood pressure and incident Alzheimer disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Altered microRNA profiles in cerebrospinal fluid exosome in Parkinson disease and Alzheimer disease.
The pattern of atrophy in familial Alzheimer disease: volumetric MRI results from the DIAN study.
Latent information in fluency lists predicts functional decline in persons at risk for Alzheimer disease.
Clinical, genetic, and neuroimaging features of Early Onset Alzheimer Disease: the challenges of diagnosis and treatment.
NRBF2 is involved in the autophagic degradation process of APP-CTFs in Alzheimer disease models.
Differential Cued-Stroop Performance in Cognitively Asymptomatic Older Adults with Biomarker-Identified Risk for Alzheimer's Disease: A Pilot Study.
Sertraline for the treatment of depression in Alzheimer disease: genetic influences.
Coping strategies among caregivers of people with Alzheimer disease: a systematic review.
[Role of Mediterranean diet on the prevention of Alzheimer disease].
Shared Biologic Pathways Between Alzheimer Disease and Major Depression: A Systematic Review of MicroRNA Expression Studies.
Visual Versus Fully Automated Analyses of 18F-FDG and Amyloid PET for Prediction of Dementia Due to Alzheimer Disease in Mild Cognitive Impairment.
DNA polymerase β deficiency leads to neurodegeneration and exacerbates Alzheimer disease phenotypes.
Association Between Olfactory Dysfunction and Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment and Alzheimer Disease Dementia.
Intranasal insulin therapy for Alzheimer disease and amnestic mild cognitive impairment: a pilot clinical trial.
Selection and Characterization of Tau Binding ᴅ-Enantiomeric Peptides with Potential for Therapy of Alzheimer Disease.
Altered Levels of Visinin-Like Protein 1 Correspond to   Regional Neuronal Loss in Alzheimer Disease and    Frontotemporal Lobar Degeneration.
Theory of mind in Alzheimer disease: Evidence of authentic impairment during social interaction.
Sorting receptor SORLA--a trafficking path to avoid Alzheimer disease.
Quality of life in Alzheimer disease: a comparison of patients' and caregivers' points of view.
Chronic high levels of the RCAN1-1 protein may promote neurodegeneration and Alzheimer disease.
[Molecular markers of Alzheimer disease early diagnostic: investigation perspectives of peripheral tissues.]
Left frontal hub connectivity delays cognitive impairment in autosomal-dominant and sporadic Alzheimer's disease.
Meta-analysis of the Association between Alzheimer Disease and Variants in GAB2, PICALM, and SORL1.
Effect of genetic variation in LRRTM3 on risk of Alzheimer disease.
Apolipoprotein E ε2 and functional decline in amnestic mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer disease.
Flashbulb memories of Paris attacks: Recall of these events and subjective reliving of these memories in a case with Alzheimer disease.
The Puerto Rico Alzheimer Disease Initiative (PRADI): A Multisource Ascertainment Approach.
Functional disability in Alzheimer disease: a validation study of the Turkish version of the disability assessment for dementia scale.
Mild traumatic brain injury is associated with reduced cortical thickness in those at risk for Alzheimer's disease.
Olfactory bulb proteome dynamics during the progression of sporadic Alzheimer's disease: identification of common and distinct olfactory targets across Alzheimer-related co-pathologies.
IFN-γ and TNF-α are involved during Alzheimer disease progression and correlate with nitric oxide production: a study in Algerian patients.
Benefits of deep encoding in Alzheimer disease. Analysis of performance on a memory task using the Item Specific Deficit Approach.
Rare genetic variation implicated in non-Hispanic white families with Alzheimer disease.
The association between the methionine/valine (M/V) polymorphism (rs1799990) in the PRNP gene and the risk of Alzheimer disease: an update by meta-analysis.
Brain differences in infants at differential genetic risk for late-onset Alzheimer disease: a cross-sectional imaging study.
Structure-Activity Relationship of 2-Arylquinolines as PET Imaging Tracers for Tau Pathology in Alzheimer Disease.
Nesfatin-1 and caspase-cleaved cytokeratin-18: Promising biomarkers for Alzheimer's disease?
Cognitive subtypes of probable Alzheimer's disease robustly identified in four cohorts.
Melanopsin retinal ganglion cell loss in Alzheimer disease.
Traumatic brain injury may not increase the risk of Alzheimer disease.
IGF-1: an endogenous link between traumatic brain injury and Alzheimer disease?
Effect of study partner on the conduct of Alzheimer disease clinical trials.
Clinicopathologic study of Alzheimer's disease: Alzheimer mimics.
Vitamin D concentration and risk of Alzheimer disease: A meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
An unbiased approach to identifying tau kinases that phosphorylate tau at sites associated with Alzheimer disease.
Alzheimer Disease.
Late-onset Alzheimer Disease.
A methodological approach to studying resilience mechanisms: demonstration of utility in age and Alzheimer's disease-related brain pathology.
Inhibition of c-Jun N-terminal kinase activation reverses Alzheimer disease phenotypes in APPswe/PS1dE9 mice.
Habitual exercise levels are associated with cerebral amyloid load in presymptomatic autosomal dominant Alzheimer's disease.
Seroprevalence and Serointensity of Latent Toxoplasma gondii in a Sample of Elderly Adults With and Without Alzheimer Disease.
Tau burden and the functional connectome in Alzheimer's disease and progressive supranuclear palsy.
Is Alzheimer disease related to age-related macular degeneration?
Neuroimaging and the search for a cure for Alzheimer disease.
Nutritional treatment of aged individuals with Alzheimer disease living at home with their spouses: study protocol for a randomized controlled trial.
Distinct 18F-AV-1451 tau PET retention patterns in early- and late-onset Alzheimer's disease.
[Molecular imaging of Alzheimer's disease].
Independent information from cerebrospinal fluid amyloid-β and florbetapir imaging in Alzheimer's disease.
The p.R47H Variant of TREM2 Gene is Associated With Late-onset Alzheimer Disease in Colombian Population.
Combination Therapy Showed Limited Superiority Over Monotherapy for Alzheimer Disease: A Meta-analysis of 14 Randomized Trials.
Treatment effects between monotherapy of donepezil versus combination with memantine for Alzheimer disease: A meta-analysis.
Winning the Fight to End Alzheimer Disease.
From here to epilepsy: the risk of seizure in patients with Alzheimer's disease.
PART is part of Alzheimer disease.
Curcumin-conjugated nanoliposomes with high affinity for Aβ deposits: possible applications to Alzheimer disease.
Cerebrospinal fluid neurogranin: relation to cognition and neurodegeneration in Alzheimer's disease.
I-SPY 2 Breast Cancer Trial as a Model for Innovation in Alzheimer Disease Therapies.
BDNF Val66Met moderates memory impairment, hippocampal function and tau in preclinical autosomal dominant Alzheimer's disease.
Evening melatonin timing secretion in real life conditions in patients with Alzheimer disease of mild to moderate severity.
Trazodone improves sleep parameters in Alzheimer disease patients: a randomized, double-blind, and placebo-controlled study.
Psychosis in Alzheimer's disease is associated with frontal metabolic impairment and accelerated decline in working memory: findings from the Alzheimer's Disease Neuroimaging Initiative.
Antioxidants for Alzheimer disease: a randomized clinical trial with cerebrospinal fluid biomarker measures.
Transcranial direct current stimulation for depression in Alzheimer's disease: study protocol for a randomized controlled trial.
Predictors of Cognitive and Functional Decline in Patients With Alzheimer Disease Dementia From Brazil.
Apolipoprotein E and Alzheimer disease: risk, mechanisms and therapy.
When aging-onset diabetes is coming across with Alzheimer disease: comparable pathogenesis and therapy.
Physical activity delays hippocampal neurodegeneration and rescues memory deficits in an Alzheimer disease mouse model.
Effects of Acetylcholinesterase Inhibitors on Balance and Gait Functions and Orthostatic Hypotension in Elderly Patients With Alzheimer Disease.
Lewy Bodies, Vascular Risk Factors, and Subcortical Arteriosclerotic Leukoencephalopathy, but not Alzheimer Pathology, are Associated with Development of Psychosis in Alzheimer's Disease.
De novo deleterious genetic variations target a biological network centered on Aβ peptide in early-onset Alzheimer disease.
Treadmill Running Reverses Cognitive Declines due to Alzheimer Disease.
Cognitive activity relates to cognitive performance but not to Alzheimer disease biomarkers.
Alzheimer's disease.
Design and first baseline data of the DZNE multicenter observational study on predementia Alzheimer's disease (DELCODE).
Personality changes in patients with beginning Alzheimer disease.
Elevated risk of type 2 diabetes for development of Alzheimer disease: a key role for oxidative stress in brain.
Studies Further Support Transmissibility of Alzheimer Disease-Associated Proteins.
Farnesyltransferase haplodeficiency reduces neuropathology and rescues cognitive function in a mouse model of Alzheimer disease.
Association of Longitudinal Changes in Cerebrospinal Fluid Total Tau and Phosphorylated Tau 181 and Brain Atrophy With Disease Progression in Patients With Alzheimer Disease.
Polygenic Risk Score for Alzheimer's Disease: Implications for Memory Performance and Hippocampal Volumes in Early Life.
Neuropsychological changes in asymptomatic persons with Alzheimer disease neuropathology.
Clinical pharmacology of novel anti-Alzheimer disease modifying medications.
Cerebral blood flow regulation and neurovascular dysfunction in Alzheimer disease.
[Neurocognitive Disorders Other Than Alzheimer Disease: Vascular Dementia].
Epidemiology of Alzheimer disease.
Neurogranin as Cerebrospinal Fluid Biomarker for Alzheimer Disease: An Assay Comparison Study.
Self-reported sleep and Alzheimer disease CSF biomarkers: A wake-up call.
Expression Pattern of the BCL6 and ITM2B Proteins in Normal Human Brains and in Alzheimer Disease.
The cholinergic system in the pathophysiology and treatment of Alzheimer's disease.
Group Balance Training Specifically Designed for Individuals With Alzheimer Disease: Impact on Berg Balance Scale, Timed Up and Go, Gait Speed, and Mini-Mental Status Examination.
Neuropsychological assessment in preclinical and prodromal Alzheimer disease: a global perspective.
Alzheimer's disease and other neurodegenerative dementias in comorbidity: A clinical and neuropathological overview.
The effect of anti-dementia drugs on Alzheimer disease-induced cognitive impairment: A network meta-analysis.
Cerebral blood flow reduction associated with orientation for time in amnesic mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer disease patients.
Symptoms of depression and anxiety after the disclosure of the diagnosis of Alzheimer disease.
Late-onset Alzheimer disease genetic variants in posterior cortical atrophy and posterior AD.
Plasma BDNF levels are correlated with aggressiveness in patients with amnestic mild cognitive impairment or Alzheimer disease.
Alzheimer's disease medication and outcomes of hospitalisation among patients with dementia.
Distinct spatiotemporal accumulation of N-truncated and full-length amyloid-β42 in Alzheimer's disease.
The Link Between Physical Activity and Cognitive Dysfunction in Alzheimer Disease.
Alzheimer's Disease Assessment Scale - Cognitive Subscale (ADAS-Cog): Normative Data for the Portuguese Population.
[The purinergic receptor P2X7, a new therapeutic target in Alzheimer' disease].
Effect of Alzheimer's disease risk and protective factors on cognitive trajectories in subjective memory complainers: An INSIGHT-preAD study.
Predicting missing biomarker data in a longitudinal study of Alzheimer disease.
Sauna bathing is inversely associated with dementia and Alzheimer's disease in middle-aged Finnish men.
Alzheimer's Disease-Related Dementias Summit 2016: National research priorities.
Are we comparing frontotemporal dementia and Alzheimer disease patients with the right measures?
Psychosocial interventions for Alzheimer's disease cognitive symptoms: a Bayesian network meta-analysis.
Randomized controlled trial of atorvastatin in mild to moderate Alzheimer disease: LEADe.
Decreasing oxidative stress and neuroinflammation with a multifunctional peptide rescues memory deficits in mice with Alzheimer disease.
Preliminary studies on trigonelline as potential anti-Alzheimer disease agent: determination by hydrophilic interaction liquid chromatography and modeling of interactions with beta-amyloid.
Treatment of Alzheimer disease.
Genetic counseling and testing for Alzheimer disease: joint practice guidelines of the American College of Medical Genetics and the National Society of Genetic Counselors.
The Gut-Brain Axis in Alzheimer's Disease and Omega-3. A Critical Overview of Clinical Trials.
Pharmacogenetic effects of angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors over age-related urea and creatinine variations in patients with dementia due to Alzheimer disease.
Meta-Analysis of Facial Emotion Recognition in Behavioral Variant Frontotemporal Dementia: Comparison With Alzheimer Disease and Healthy Controls.
Patients with hidradenitis suppurativa have no increased risk of Alzheimer disease.
Ketogenic Diet in Alzheimer's Disease.
The role of protein glycosylation in Alzheimer disease.
[Map of Alzheimer's disease and other dementias in Spain. MapEA Project].
Criminal behavior in frontotemporal dementia and Alzheimer disease.
Imaging and cerebrospinal fluid biomarkers in early preclinical alzheimer disease.
Biomarkers and evolution in Alzheimer disease.
Calsyntenin-3 C-terminal fragment accumulates in dystrophic neurites surrounding aβ plaques in tg2576 mouse and Alzheimer disease brains: its neurotoxic role in mediating dystrophic neurite formation.
Cognitive Impairment and Structural Abnormalities in Late Life Depression with Olfactory Identification Impairment: an Alzheimer's Disease-Like Pattern.
Patterns of Cortical and Subcortical Amyloid Burden across Stages of Preclinical Alzheimer's Disease.
A randomized cross-over controlled study on cognitive rehabilitation of instrumental activities of daily living in Alzheimer disease.
Microbleeds do not affect rate of cognitive decline in Alzheimer disease.
Alzheimer disease: focus on computed tomography.
Prediction of Alzheimer disease in subjects with amnestic and nonamnestic MCI.
Comprehensive search for Alzheimer disease susceptibility loci in the APOE region.
Lessons that can be learnt from the failure of verubecestat in Alzheimer's disease.
Preventive Effect of Quercetin in a Triple Transgenic Alzheimer's Disease Mice Model.
Oxidative stress in Alzheimer disease and mild cognitive impairment: evidence from human data provided by redox proteomics.
Dysfunctional macrophages in Alzheimer Disease: another piece of the "macroph-aging" puzzle?
Serum neurofilament light levels correlate with severity measures and neurodegeneration markers in autosomal dominant Alzheimer's disease.
Angiotensin II, hypertension and angiotensin II receptor antagonism: Roles in the behavioural and brain pathology of a mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Alzheimer's disease: as it was in the beginning.
Plaque-Associated Local Toxicity Increases over the Clinical Course of Alzheimer Disease.
Resveratrol's Potential in the Adjunctive Management of Cardiovascular Disease, Obesity, Diabetes, Alzheimer Disease, and Cancer.
Neuroprotective effects of berberine in animal models of Alzheimer's disease: a systematic review of pre-clinical studies.
[Research progress of transgenic Drosophila model of Alzheimer disease].
Human Kinetic Modeling of the 5HT6 PET Radioligand 11C-GSK215083 and Its Utility for Determining Occupancy at Both 5HT6 and 5HT2A Receptors by SB742457 as a Potential Therapeutic Mechanism of Action in Alzheimer Disease.
Rodent models for Alzheimer disease.
Development of Alzheimer disease in old major depressive patients based upon their health status: A retrospective study in Taiwan.
Relationships between behavioral syndromes and cognitive domains in Alzheimer disease:  the impact of mood and psychosis.
Associations between cerebral small-vessel disease and Alzheimer disease pathology as measured by cerebrospinal fluid biomarkers.
Alzheimer Disease Clinical Trial Recruitment: Does Participation in a Brief Cognitive Screen at a Community Health Fair Promote Research Engagement?
Anosognosia in Alzheimer disease: Disconnection between memory and self-related brain networks.
Distinct dynamic profiles of microglial activation are associated with progression of Alzheimer's disease.
Biomarkers of agitation and aggression in Alzheimer's disease: A systematic review.
Lifestyle interventions to prevent cognitive impairment, dementia and Alzheimer disease.
Safety and tolerability of the γ-secretase inhibitor avagacestat in a phase 2 study of mild to moderate Alzheimer disease.
State of the science:  use of biomarkers and imaging in diagnosis and management of Alzheimer disease.
Diagnosis-independent Alzheimer disease biomarker signature in cognitively normal elderly people.
Baseline Amnestic Severity Predicts Progression From Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment to Alzheimer Disease Dementia at 3 Years.
Atypical Localization and Dissociation between Glucose Uptake and Amyloid Deposition in Cognitively Normal APOE*E4 Homozygotic Elders Compared with Patients with Late-Onset Alzheimer's Disease.
The Innate Immunity in Alzheimer Disease- Relevance to Pathogenesis and Therapy.
Neuroimaging enrichment strategy for secondary prevention trials in Alzheimer disease.
Coffee Consumption and Risk of Dementia and Alzheimer's Disease: A Dose-Response Meta-Analysis of Prospective Studies.
Parkinson disease and Alzheimer disease: environmental risk factors.
[Validity and Reliability Studies of Modified Mini Mental State Examination (MMSE-E) For Turkish Illiterate Patients With Diagnosis of Alzheimer Disease].
Association of Perivascular Localization of Aquaporin-4 With Cognition and Alzheimer Disease in Aging Brains.
An Aβ3-10-KLH vaccine reduced Alzheimer's disease-like pathology and had a sustained effect in Tg-APPswe/PSEN1dE9 mice.
Tau, amyloid, and cascading network failure across the Alzheimer's disease spectrum.
Blood-Brain Barrier Leakage in Patients with Early Alzheimer Disease.
Alterations in cholesterol and ganglioside GM1 content of lipid rafts in platelets from patients with Alzheimer disease.
Discrimination Between Patients With Alzheimer Disease and Healthy Subjects Using Layer Analysis of Cerebral Blood Flow and Xenon Solubility Coefficient in Xenon-Enhanced Computed Tomography.
Reversible Pisa Syndrome Induced by Rivastigmine in a Patient With Early-Onset Alzheimer Disease.
Alzheimer's disease: The next frontier-Special Report 2017.
Differential Atrophy of Hippocampal Subfields: A Comparative Study of Dementia with Lewy Bodies and Alzheimer Disease.
Network abnormalities and interneuron dysfunction in Alzheimer disease.
Discriminative Accuracy of [18F]flortaucipir Positron Emission Tomography for Alzheimer Disease vs Other Neurodegenerative Disorders.
Kv1.3 inhibition as a potential microglia-targeted therapy for Alzheimer's disease: preclinical proof of concept.
Atropinic burden of prescriptions forms in patients with Alzheimer disease: a cross-sectional study in a French PharmacoVigilance Database.
Relationships Between Cognitive Complaints and Quality of Life in Older Adults With Mild Cognitive Impairment, Mild Alzheimer Disease Dementia, and Normal Cognition.
The Accuracy of INECO Frontal Screening in the Diagnosis of Executive Dysfunction in Frontotemporal Dementia and Alzheimer Disease.
In vitro mitochondrial failure and oxidative stress mimic biochemical features of Alzheimer disease.
Neuroimaging markers of global cognition in early Alzheimer's disease: A magnetic resonance imaging-electroencephalography study.
Single neuropsychological test scores associated with rate of cognitive decline in early Alzheimer disease.
Vitamins Associated with Brain Aging, Mild Cognitive Impairment, and Alzheimer Disease: Biomarkers, Epidemiological and Experimental Evidence, Plausible Mechanisms, and Knowledge Gaps.
Body mass index, weight change, and clinical progression in mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer disease.
Extrapyramidal signs by dementia severity in Alzheimer disease and dementia with Lewy bodies.
[Progress in epigenetic research on Alzheimer disease].
Emergence of neurophysiological biomarkers of Alzheimer disease.
Potential roles of PINK1 for increased PGC-1α-mediated mitochondrial fatty acid oxidation and their associations with Alzheimer disease and diabetes.
Increased O-GlcNAc levels correlate with decreased O-GlcNAcase levels in Alzheimer disease brain.
Quantitative sensory testing and pain tolerance in patients with mild to moderate Alzheimer disease compared to healthy control subjects.
2014 Report on the Milestones for the US National Plan to Address Alzheimer's Disease.
Assessment of Racial Disparities in Biomarkers for Alzheimer Disease.
Dementia in 2014. Towards early diagnosis in Alzheimer disease.
Chronic divalproex sodium to attenuate agitation and clinical progression of Alzheimer disease.
Diffusion Tensor Changes According to Age at Onset and Apolipoprotein E Genotype in Alzheimer Disease.
[The origin of depression in Alzheimer disease: a systematic review].
Community pharmacists' knowledge of Alzheimer disease care in high- and low-income Chicago.
The Alzheimer's disease-protective CD33 splice variant mediates adaptive loss of function via diversion to an intracellular pool.
Alzheimer disease and type 2 diabetes mellitus: the link to tyrosine hydroxylase and probable nutritional strategies.
Early increase of CSF sTREM2 in Alzheimer's disease is associated with tau related-neurodegeneration but not with amyloid-β pathology.
Depressed Spousal Caregivers Have Psychological Stress Unrelated to the Progression of Alzheimer Disease: A 3-Year Follow-Up Report, Kuopio ALSOVA Study.
Efficacy and Safety of Lanabecestat for Treatment of Early and Mild Alzheimer Disease: The AMARANTH and DAYBREAK-ALZ Randomized Clinical Trials.
Comprehension of written texts for the assessment of clinical competence and decision making in people with mild to moderate Alzheimer disease.
Global View on Alzheimer's Disease and Diabetes Mellitus: Threats, Risks and Treatment Alzheimer's Disease and Diabetes Mellitus.
Quantitative Analysis of Amyloid Deposition in Alzheimer Disease Using PET and the Radiotracer ¹¹C-AZD2184.
Effect of immunotherapy with bapineuzumab on cerebrospinal fluid biomarker levels in patients with mild to moderate Alzheimer disease.
Association Between Psychosis in Elderly Patients With Alzheimer Disease and Impaired Social Cognition.
Genomics of Alzheimer Disease: A Review.
Relationship of cognitive performance with prolidase and oxidative stress in Alzheimer disease.
PSEN2 (presenilin 2) mutants linked to familial Alzheimer disease impair autophagy by altering Ca<sup>2+</sup> homeostasis.
Atypical motor and behavioral presentations of Alzheimer disease: a case-based approach.
Immunocytochemical characterization of Alzheimer disease hallmarks in APP/PS1 transgenic mice treated with a new anti-amyloid-β vaccine.
Plasma biomarkers associated with the apolipoprotein E genotype and Alzheimer disease.
Impact of amyloid-beta changes on cognitive outcomes in Alzheimer's disease: analysis of clinical trials using a quantitative systems pharmacology model.
2016 Alzheimer's disease facts and figures.
Evidence for ordering of Alzheimer disease biomarkers.
Do epigenetic pathways initiate late onset Alzheimer disease (LOAD): towards a new paradigm.
Vision function abnormalities in Alzheimer disease.
Incidental findings on brain MRI of cognitively normal first-degree descendants of patients with Alzheimer's disease: a cross-sectional analysis from the ALFA (Alzheimer and Families) project.
Neuropsychological deficits associated with route learning in Alzheimer disease, MCI, and normal aging.
Alzheimer Disease and Behavioral Variant Frontotemporal Dementia: Automatic Classification Based on Cortical Atrophy for Single-Subject Diagnosis.
Low cardiac index is associated with incident dementia and Alzheimer disease: the Framingham Heart Study.
SNP Variation in MicroRNA Biogenesis Pathway Genes as a New Innovation Strategy for Alzheimer Disease Diagnostics: A Study of 10 Candidate Genes in an Understudied Population From the Eastern Mediterranean.
Redox proteomics analysis to decipher the neurobiology of Alzheimer-like neurodegeneration: overlaps in Down's syndrome and Alzheimer's disease brain.
ADDENDUM: Genetic counseling and testing for Alzheimer disease: joint practice guidelines of the American College of Medical Genetics and the National Society of Genetic Counselors.
Burden of caregivers of patients with Alzheimer's disease.
Acute neuropathological consequences of short-term mechanical ventilation in wild-type and Alzheimer's disease mice.
Accelerated Brain Atrophy on Serial Computed Tomography: Potential Marker of the Progression of Alzheimer Disease.
Sexually Dimorphic Expression of Reelin in the Brain of a Mouse Model of Alzheimer Disease.
Biomarkers of Alzheimer disease: current and future applications to diagnostic criteria.
Relative importance of redox buffers GSH and NAD(P)H in age-related neurodegeneration and Alzheimer disease-like mouse neurons.
Insulin resistance in Alzheimer disease: Is heme oxygenase-1 an Achille's heel?
Improved Diagnostic Accuracy of Alzheimer's Disease by Combining Regional Cortical Thickness and Default Mode Network Functional Connectivity: Validated in the Alzheimer's Disease Neuroimaging Initiative Set.
Gaining Insights into Specific Drug Formulation Additives for Solubilizing a Potential Anti-Alzheimer Disease Drug B4A1.
Positron emission tomography and neuropathologic estimates of fibrillar amyloid-β in a patient with Down syndrome and Alzheimer disease.
Relation of genomic variants for Alzheimer disease dementia to common neuropathologies.
Effects of Exercise on Cognition: The Finnish Alzheimer Disease Exercise Trial: A Randomized, Controlled Trial.
Intermittent fasting protects against the deterioration of cognitive function, energy metabolism and dyslipidemia in Alzheimer's disease-induced estrogen deficient rats.
Time-dependent effect of oligomeric amyloid-β (1-42)-induced hippocampal neurodegeneration in rat model of Alzheimer's disease.
Knowledge of Alzheimer's disease among Vietnamese Americans and correlates of their knowledge about Alzheimer's disease.
Association of Altered Liver Enzymes With Alzheimer Disease Diagnosis, Cognition, Neuroimaging Measures, and Cerebrospinal Fluid Biomarkers.
The clinical practice of risk reduction for Alzheimer's disease: A precision medicine approach.
Alzheimer biomarkers and clinical Alzheimer disease were not associated with increased cerebrovascular disease in a memory clinic population.
Hypertension is associated with worse cognitive function and hippocampal hypometabolism in Alzheimer's disease.
A derivative of the brain metabolite lanthionine ketimine improves cognition and diminishes pathology in the 3 × Tg-AD mouse model of Alzheimer disease.
International Work Group criteria for the diagnosis of Alzheimer disease.
Exploring quantitative group-wise differentiation of Alzheimer's disease and behavioural variant frontotemporal dementia using tract-specific microstructural white matter and functional connectivity measures at multiple time points.
The effect of chronic periodontitis on serum levels of tumor necrosis factor-alpha in Alzheimer disease.
Association of hippocampal volume with gait variability in pre-dementia and dementia stages of Alzheimer disease: Results from a cross-sectional study.
Insights into Alzheimer disease pathogenesis from studies in transgenic animal models.
Mitoferrin-1 is Involved in the Progression of Alzheimer's Disease Through Targeting Mitochondrial Iron Metabolism in a Caenorhabditis elegans Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
Destruction of white matter integrity in patients with mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer disease.
Sex differences in functional and molecular neuroimaging biomarkers of Alzheimer's disease in cognitively normal older adults with subjective memory complaints.
Usefulness of Discriminability and Response Bias Indices for the Evaluation of Recognition Memory in Mild Cognitive Impairment and Alzheimer Disease.
Alzheimer's disease, apolipoprotein E and hormone replacement therapy.
High frequency of getting out of bed in patients with Alzheimer's disease monitored by non-wearable actigraphy.
[Diabetes type 2 and Alzheimer disease - one or two diseases? Mechanisms of association].
Rapidly progressive Alzheimer disease.
Impairment of biliverdin reductase-A promotes brain insulin resistance in Alzheimer disease: A new paradigm.
A Randomized Placebo-Controlled Discontinuation Study of Cholinesterase Inhibitors in Institutionalized Patients With Moderate to Severe Alzheimer Disease.
Intestinal microbial dysbiosis aggravates the progression of Alzheimer's disease in Drosophila.
Drug and Exercise Treatment of Alzheimer Disease and Mild Cognitive Impairment: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Effects on Cognition in Randomized Controlled Trials.
Amyloid-β induced signaling by cellular prion protein and Fyn kinase in Alzheimer disease.
Disclosing Pleiotropic Effects During Genetic Risk Assessment for Alzheimer Disease: A Randomized Trial.
Correlation of gene polymorphisms of CD36 and ApoE with susceptibility of Alzheimer disease: A case-control study.
The role of glial cells in Alzheimer disease: potential therapeutic implications.
JAMA patient page. Alzheimer disease.
The lower hippocampus global connectivity, the higher its local metabolism in Alzheimer disease.
Genetic Markers of Alzheimer's Disease.
Evaluation of late-onset Alzheimer disease genetic susceptibility risks in a Canadian population.
Disinhibition in Alzheimer's Disease is Associated with Reduced Right Frontal Pole Cortical Thickness.
Oxidative signature of cerebrospinal fluid from mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer disease patients.
Impairment of memory generalization in preclinical autosomal dominant Alzheimer's disease mutation carriers.
Alzheimer's Disease: Past, Present, and Future.
Factors Related to Different Objects of Awareness in Alzheimer Disease.
Increased Reporting Accuracy of Alzheimer Disease Symptoms in Caribbean Hispanic Informants.
Distinctive RNA expression profiles in blood associated with Alzheimer disease after accounting for white matter hyperintensities.
Alzheimer disease biomarkers are associated with body mass index.
Analysis of Whole-Exome Sequencing Data for Alzheimer Disease Stratified by APOE Genotype.
Role of autophagy in the pathogenesis of Alzheimer disease.
Chronic neurodegeneration after traumatic brain injury: Alzheimer disease, chronic traumatic encephalopathy, or persistent neuroinflammation?
Comparison of Early-Phase 11C-Deuterium-l-Deprenyl and 11C-Pittsburgh Compound B PET for Assessing Brain Perfusion in Alzheimer Disease.
Heterozygous Chorein Deficiency in Probable Tau-negative Early-onset Alzheimer Disease.
"When sex influences the brain: implications for Alzheimer disease".
[Alzheimer and Alzheimer's disease: the present enlighted by the past. An historical approach].
[Does Alzheimer's disease exist in all primates? Alzheimer pathology in non-human primates and its pathophysiological implications (II)].
Tau positron emission tomographic imaging in aging and early Alzheimer disease.
Comprehensive, Individualized, Person-Centered Management of Community-Residing Persons with Moderate-to-Severe Alzheimer Disease: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
Cholinesterase inhibitors are compatible with psychosocial intervention for Alzheimer disease patients suggested by neuroimaging findings.
Medial temporal lobe subregional morphometry using high resolution MRI in Alzheimer's disease.
Prevalence of Mental Health Disorders Among Caregivers of Patients With Alzheimer Disease.
Lymphocyte mitochondria: toward identification of peripheral biomarkers in the progression of Alzheimer disease.
Cerebral atrophy in mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer disease: rates and acceleration.
Increased blood-brain barrier vulnerability to systemic inflammation in an Alzheimer disease mouse model.
The sirtuin pathway in ageing and Alzheimer disease: mechanistic and therapeutic considerations.
Twendee X Ameliorates Phosphorylated Tau, α-Synuclein and Neurovascular Dysfunction in Alzheimer's Disease Transgenic Mice With Chronic Cerebral Hypoperfusion.
ApoE4 May be a Promising Target for Treatment of Coronary Heart Disease and Alzheimer's Disease.
Metabolic brain networks in aging and preclinical Alzheimer's disease.
Neuroinflammatory signals in Alzheimer disease and APP/PS1 transgenic mice: correlations with plaques, tangles, and oligomeric species.
Autosomal recessive causes likely in early-onset Alzheimer disease.
The Uncinate Fasciculus as a Predictor of Conversion from Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment to Alzheimer Disease.
Traumatic Brain Injury, Chronic Traumatic Encephalopathy, and Alzheimer Disease.
[Musical long-term memory throughout the progression of Alzheimer disease].
Subtle visuomotor difficulties in preclinical Alzheimer's disease.
Ameliorating effect of anti-Alzheimer's drugs on the bidirectional association between type 2 diabetes mellitus and Alzheimer's disease.
Lymphoblast-derived integration-free iPSC lines from a female and male Alzheimer's disease patient expressing different copy numbers of a coding CNV in the Alzheimer risk gene CR1.
Concomitant use of acetylcholine esterase inhibitors and urinary antispasmodics among Finnish community-dwelling persons with Alzheimer disease.
Alzheimer disease and anesthesia.
Biphasic Alteration of the Inhibitory Synapse Scaffold Protein Gephyrin in Early and Late Stages of an Alzheimer Disease Model.
Alzheimer disease: modeling an Aβ-centered biological network.
Agitation in Alzheimer Disease as a Qualifying Condition for Medical Marijuana in the United States.
C9orf72 hexanucleotide repeat expansions in clinical Alzheimer disease.
The effect of APOE ε4 allele on cholinesterase inhibitors in patients with Alzheimer disease: evaluation of the feasibility of resting state functional connectivity magnetic resonance imaging.
<i>Bacopa monnieri</i>, a Neuroprotective Lead in Alzheimer Disease: A Review on Its Properties, Mechanisms of Action, and Preclinical and Clinical Studies.
Cognitive Effects of Hormone Therapy Continuation or Discontinuation in a Sample of Women at Risk for Alzheimer Disease.
A Longitudinal Study of Transitions Between Informal and Formal Care in Alzheimer Disease Using Multistate Models in the European ICTUS Cohort.
Interaction of ApoE3 and ApoE4 isoforms with an ITM2b/BRI2 mutation linked to the Alzheimer disease-like Danish dementia: Effects on learning and memory.
A phase 2 randomized trial of ELND005, scyllo-inositol, in mild to moderate Alzheimer disease.
Alterations in protein phosphorylation in the amygdala of the 5XFamilial Alzheimer's disease animal model.
Monoclonal antibodies against Aβ42 fibrils distinguish multiple aggregation state polymorphisms in vitro and in Alzheimer disease brain.
Mesenchymal stem cells enhance autophagy and increase β-amyloid clearance in Alzheimer disease models.
Alois Alzheimer--Alzheimer disease.
Plasma Neurofilament Light Chain Levels Are Associated With Cortical Hypometabolism in Alzheimer Disease Signature Regions.
Alzheimer's disease: insights for risk evaluation and prevention in the Chinese population and the need for a comprehensive programme in Hong Kong/China.
Exendin-4, a glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonist, reduces Alzheimer disease-associated tau hyperphosphorylation in the hippocampus of rats with type 2 diabetes.
In vivo seeding and cross-seeding of localized amyloidosis: a molecular link between type 2 diabetes and Alzheimer disease.
The PILRA G78R Variant Correlates with Higher HSV-1-Specific IgG Titers in Alzheimer's Disease.
Multinomial models reveal deficits of two distinct controlled retrieval processes in aging and very mild Alzheimer disease.
Supplementation with Curcuma longa Reverses Neurotoxic and Behavioral Damage in Models of Alzheimer's Disease: A Systematic Review.
Association and expression analyses with single-nucleotide polymorphisms in TOMM40 in Alzheimer disease.
NRG3 gene is associated with the risk and age at onset of Alzheimer disease.
Plasma gelsolin and matrix metalloproteinase 3 as potential biomarkers for Alzheimer disease.
Alzheimer disease: TREM-2 signalling and Alzheimer disease - striking the right balance.
Posterior cingulate glucose metabolism, hippocampal glucose metabolism, and hippocampal volume in cognitively normal, late-middle-aged persons at 3 levels of genetic risk for Alzheimer disease.
Genome-wide association study identifies four novel loci associated with Alzheimer's endophenotypes and disease modifiers.
Rates of hippocampal atrophy and presence of post-mortem TDP-43 in patients with Alzheimer's disease: a longitudinal retrospective study.
The National Institute on Aging and the Alzheimer's Association Research Framework for Alzheimer's disease: Perspectives from the Research Roundtable.
Insulin-like growth factor binding protein-2 interactions with Alzheimer's disease biomarkers.
Efficacy of Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation Combined with Cognitive Training in the Treatment of Apathy in Patients with Alzheimer's Disease: Study Protocol for a Randomized Trial.
Preclinical Alzheimer disease-the challenges ahead.
Alzheimer disease: Host immune defence, amyloid-β peptide and Alzheimer disease.
Clinical trials in predementia stages of Alzheimer disease.
Incident Psychosis in Subjects With Mild Cognitive Impairment or Alzheimer's Disease.
Evaluation of oxidative stress in the brain of a transgenic mouse model of Alzheimer disease by in vivo electron paramagnetic resonance imaging.
Nanoparticle formulations in the diagnosis and therapy of Alzheimer's disease.
Systematic and standardized comparison of reported amyloid-β receptors for sufficiency, affinity, and Alzheimer's disease relevance.
Current view from Alzheimer disease to type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Rollercoaster Blood Pressure: An Alzheimer Disease Risk Factor?
Rare coding mutations identified by sequencing of Alzheimer disease genome-wide association studies loci.
Resident brain neural precursor cells develop age-dependent loss of therapeutic functions in Alzheimer's mice.
Why is Alzheimer disease confused with other dementias?
Cognitive symptoms of Alzheimer's disease: clinical management and prevention.
The impact of automated hippocampal volumetry on diagnostic confidence in patients with suspected Alzheimer's disease: A European Alzheimer's Disease Consortium study.
Mitochondria-associated ER membranes and Alzheimer disease.
Actin dynamics and cofilin-actin rods in alzheimer disease.
Higher levels of kallikrein-8 in female brain may increase the risk for Alzheimer's disease.
Cell signaling abnormalities may drive neurodegeneration in familial Alzheimer disease.
Monomer Dynamics of Alzheimer Peptides and Kinetic Control of Early Aggregation in Alzheimer's Disease.
Mammalian target of rapamycin (mTor) mediates tau protein dyshomeostasis: implication for Alzheimer disease.
Using high-dimensional machine learning methods to estimate an anatomical risk factor for Alzheimer's disease across imaging databases.
High level of Mn in brain is a risk for Alzheimer disease.
Short-term clinical outcomes for stages of NIA-AA preclinical Alzheimer disease.
Amyloid imaging with PET in early Alzheimer disease diagnosis.
Pomegranate polyphenols and extract inhibit nuclear factor of activated T-cell activity and microglial activation in vitro and in a transgenic mouse model of Alzheimer disease.
Ion channel regulation by β-secretase BACE1 - enzymatic and non-enzymatic effects beyond Alzheimer's disease.
Do We Need Anti-Prion Compounds to Treat Alzheimer's Disease?
Glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate Dehydrogenase Aggregates Accelerate Amyloid-β Amyloidogenesis in Alzheimer Disease.
Dementia, Alzheimer's Disease, and Mortality after Hemodialysis Initiation.
Molecular properties underlying regional vulnerability to Alzheimer's disease pathology.
Systemic infection modifies the neuroinflammatory response in late stage Alzheimer's disease.
Vitamin D deficiency and Alzheimer disease: Common links.
Retromer in Alzheimer disease, Parkinson disease and other neurological disorders.
Aging and Alzheimer's disease: Comparison and associations from molecular to system level.
Searching for new pharmacological targets for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease in Down syndrome.
The Nature and Natural History of Posterior Cortical Atrophy Syndrome: A Variant of Early-onset Alzheimer Disease.
Risk factors for predicting progression from mild cognitive impairment to Alzheimer's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Orexinergic system dysregulation, sleep impairment, and cognitive decline in Alzheimer disease.
[Car driving, cognitive aging and Alzheimer disease].
Prion Disease Induces Alzheimer Disease-Like Neuropathologic Changes.
Pituitary adenylate cyclase-activating polypeptide is reduced in Alzheimer disease.
New targets for the development of PET tracers for imaging neurodegeneration in Alzheimer disease.
Neuro-peptide treatment with Cerebrolysin improves the survival of neural stem cell grafts in an APP transgenic model of Alzheimer disease.
Therapeutic window of dopamine D2/3 receptor occupancy to treat psychosis in Alzheimer's disease.
Trajectories of Alzheimer disease-related cognitive measures in a longitudinal sample.
[Life-events incidence in Alzheimer disease: preliminary study on the ABORD program].
Motor coordination and synaptic plasticity deficits are associated with increased cerebellar activity of NADPH oxidase, CAMKII, and PKC at preplaque stage in the TgCRND8 mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Autophagic and lysosomal defects in human tauopathies: analysis of post-mortem brain from patients with familial Alzheimer disease, corticobasal degeneration and progressive supranuclear palsy.
Selective loss of cortical endothelial tight junction proteins during Alzheimer's disease progression.
Seizures in dominantly inherited Alzheimer disease.
In vivo cortical spreading pattern of tau and amyloid in the Alzheimer disease spectrum.
Epileptic Seizures in Alzheimer Disease: A Review.
Identification of novel loci for Alzheimer disease and replication of CLU, PICALM, and BIN1 in Caribbean Hispanic individuals.
Lessons Learned from Alzheimer Disease: Clinical Trials with Negative Outcomes.
iPSCs-derived nerve-like cells from familial Alzheimer's disease PSEN 1 E280A reveal increased amyloid-beta levels and loss of the Y chromosome.
Deciphering the mechanism underlying late-onset Alzheimer disease.
Potential Benefits of Nobiletin, A Citrus Flavonoid, against Alzheimer's Disease and Parkinson's Disease.
Use of antidementia drugs and risk of pneumonia in older persons with Alzheimer's disease.
Resistance to autosomal dominant Alzheimer's disease in an APOE3 Christchurch homozygote: a case report.
A comparison of early diagnostic utility of Alzheimer disease biomarkers in brain magnetic resonance and cerebrospinal fluid.
ApoE influences regional white-matter axonal density loss in Alzheimer's disease.
Inter-network connectivity and amyloid-beta linked to cognitive decline in preclinical Alzheimer's disease: a longitudinal cohort study.
The effect of electroacupuncture combined with donepezil on cognitive function in Alzheimer's disease patients: study protocol for a randomized controlled trial.
Regulation of gut microbiota in Alzheimer's disease mice by silibinin and silymarin and their pharmacological implications.
A Longitudinal Imaging Genetics Study of Neuroanatomical Asymmetry in Alzheimer's Disease.
Mitochondrial dysfunction in the APP/PSEN1 mouse model of Alzheimer's disease and a novel protective role for ascorbate.
Examination of the clinicopathologic continuum of Alzheimer disease in the autopsy cohort of the National Alzheimer Coordinating Center.
The application of cerebrospinal fluid biomarkers in early diagnosis of Alzheimer disease.
Differentiating cognitive impairment due to corticobasal degeneration and Alzheimer disease.
BDNF-producing, amyloid β-specific CD4 T cells as targeted drug-delivery vehicles in Alzheimer's disease.
Amelioration of Behavioral Impairments and Neuropathology by Antiepileptic Drug Topiramate in a Transgenic Alzheimer's Disease Model Mice, APP/PS1.
Erinacine A-enriched Hericium erinaceus mycelium ameliorates Alzheimer's disease-related pathologies in APPswe/PS1dE9 transgenic mice.
Cerebrospinal fluid synaptosomal-associated protein 25 is a key player in synaptic degeneration in mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's disease.
Gray matter atrophy in dementia with Lewy bodies with and without concomitant Alzheimer's disease pathology.
Association between polymorphisms of the insulin-degrading enzyme gene and late-onset Alzheimer disease.
Effects of combined acupuncture and eugenol on learning-memory ability and antioxidation system of hippocampus in Alzheimer disease rats via olfactory system stimulation.
Do Cardiometabolic Risk Factors Influence Amyloid, Tau, and Neuronal Function in APOE4 Carriers and Non-Carriers in Alzheimer's Disease Trajectory?
Controversies and Future Directions of Ocular Biomarkers in Alzheimer Disease.
Clinical trials and late-stage drug development for Alzheimer's disease: an appraisal from 1984 to 2014.
Medial temporal lobe atrophy is independently associated with behavioural and psychological symptoms in Alzheimer's disease.
Vascular and parenchymal amyloid pathology in an Alzheimer disease knock-in mouse model: interplay with cerebral blood flow.
NDP52 associates with phosphorylated tau in brains of an Alzheimer disease mouse model.
Creutzfeldt-Jakob Disease Mimicking Alzheimer Disease and Dementia With Lewy Bodies-Findings of FDG PET With 3-Dimensional Stereotactic Surface Projection.
PEG-PEI/siROCK2 Protects Against Aβ42-Induced Neurotoxicity in Primary Neuron Cells for Alzheimer Disease.
Antidiabetic therapies and Alzheimer disease.
Homocysteine exacerbates β-amyloid pathology, tau pathology, and cognitive deficit in a mouse model of Alzheimer disease with plaques and tangles.
Cognitive outcomes after sertaline treatment in patients with depression of Alzheimer disease.
Recruitment of subjects into clinical trials for Alzheimer disease.
Alzheimer disease: update on basic mechanisms.
Sex and Gender Differences in the Brain Cholinergic System and in the Response to Therapy of Alzheimer Disease with Cholinesterase Inhibitors.
The genetic landscape of Alzheimer disease: clinical implications and perspectives.
Rapamycin inhibits activation of AMPK-mTOR signaling pathway-induced Alzheimer's disease lesion in hippocampus of rats with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
A 24-Week, Open-Label Extension Study to Investigate the Long-term Safety, Tolerability, and Efficacy of 13.3 mg/24 h Rivastigmine Patch in Patients With Severe Alzheimer Disease.
Apolipoprotein E*4 (APOE*4) Genotype Is Associated with Altered Levels of Glutamate Signaling Proteins and Synaptic Coexpression Networks in the Prefrontal Cortex in Mild to Moderate Alzheimer Disease.
Downregulation of SNX27 expression does not exacerbate amyloidogenesis in the APP/PS1 Alzheimer's disease mouse model.
Alzheimer disease: Could tear proteins be biomarkers for Alzheimer disease?
Feelings without memory in Alzheimer disease.
Visuoperception test predicts pathologic diagnosis of Alzheimer disease in corticobasal syndrome.
Serum Parathyroid Hormone, 25-Hydroxyvitamin D, and Risk of Alzheimer's Disease: A Mendelian Randomization Study.
<i>In vivo</i> localization of human acetylcholinesterase-derived species in a β-sheet conformation at the core of senile plaques in Alzheimer's disease.
Tau pathology and neurodegeneration contribute to cognitive impairment in Alzheimer's disease.
Does past or present depression differentiate Lewy body from Alzheimer disease?
Prophylactic Vaccine Based on Pyroglutamate-3 Amyloid β Generates Strong Antibody Response and Rescues Cognitive Decline in Alzheimer's Disease Model Mice.
Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease may complicate Alzheimer's disease: a comorbidity problem.
Enrichment and stratification for predementia Alzheimer disease clinical trials.
Greater tau load and reduced cortical thickness in APOE ε4-negative Alzheimer's disease: a cohort study.
Alzheimer disease: Epigenetics links ageing with Alzheimer disease.
Mastication and oral health-related quality of life in removable denture wearers with Alzheimer disease.
Contrasts Between Patients With Lewy Body Dementia Syndromes and APOE-ε3/ε3 Patients With Late-onset Alzheimer Disease Dementia.
Relationship between Alzheimer disease-like pattern of 18F-FDG and fasting plasma glucose levels in cognitively normal volunteers.
Advance care planning and anticipatory decision making in patients with Alzheimer disease.
Current understanding of Alzheimer's disease diagnosis and treatment.
Cortical β-amyloid burden, gray matter, and memory in adults at varying APOE ε4 risk for Alzheimer's disease.
Olfactory deficit and hippocampal volume loss for early diagnosis of Alzheimer disease: a pilot study.
Tau pathology in aged cynomolgus monkeys is progressive supranuclear palsy/corticobasal degeneration- but not Alzheimer disease-like -Ultrastructural mapping of tau by EDX.
Midlife personality and risk of Alzheimer disease and distress: a 38-year follow-up.
Increased CSF APPs-α levels in patients with Alzheimer disease treated with acitretin.
Longitudinal lipid profile variations and clinical change in Alzheimer's disease dementia.
Methylphenidate for Apathy in Community-Dwelling Older Veterans With Mild Alzheimer's Disease: A Double-Blind, Randomized, Placebo-Controlled Trial.
Identification of potential PKC inhibitors through pharmacophore designing, 3D-QSAR and molecular dynamics simulations targeting Alzheimer's disease.
Challenges in Alzheimer Disease Drug Discovery and Development: The Role of Modeling, Simulation and Open Data.
Alzheimer disease immunotherapeutics: then and now.
18F-AV-1451 positron emission tomography in Alzheimer's disease and progressive supranuclear palsy.
Curcuminoids and Novel Opportunities for the Treatment of Alzheimer's Disease: Which Molecules are Actually Effective?
Retinal Microperimetry: A New Tool for Identifying Patients With Type 2 Diabetes at Risk for Developing Alzheimer Disease.
Peripheral Immune Signatures in Alzheimer Disease.
Recent publications from the Alzheimer's Disease Neuroimaging Initiative: Reviewing progress toward improved AD clinical trials.
Benefits of Deep Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation in Alzheimer Disease: Case Series.
The effect of physical exercise on cerebral blood flow in Alzheimer's disease.
Plasmalogens and Alzheimer's disease: a review.
Progression of Alzheimer's disease, tau propagation, and its modifiable risk factors.
The use of antipsychotics is associated with lower mortality in patients with Alzheimer's disease: A nationwide population-based nested case-control study in Taiwan.
Prostate-derived sterile 20-like kinases (PSKs/TAOKs) phosphorylate tau protein and are activated in tangle-bearing neurons in Alzheimer disease.
Comparing 3T and 1.5T MRI for mapping hippocampal atrophy in the Alzheimer's Disease Neuroimaging Initiative.
Chronic neuron- and age-selective down-regulation of TNF receptor expression in triple-transgenic Alzheimer disease mice leads to significant modulation of amyloid- and Tau-related pathologies.
Increased frequency of T cells expressing IL-10 in Alzheimer disease but not in late-onset depression patients.
Serotonin Selective Reuptake Inhibitor Treatment Improves Cognition and Grey Matter Atrophy but not Amyloid Burden During Two-Year Follow-Up in Mild Cognitive Impairment and Alzheimer's Disease Patients with Depressive Symptoms.
Neuropsychiatric Symptoms and Caregiver Burden in Individuals With Alzheimer's Disease: The TEAM-AD VA Cooperative Study.
Alzheimer disease: Risk variants associated with amyloid deposition in Alzheimer disease.
Association Analysis of Polymorphisms in TOMM40, CR1, PVRL2, SORL1, PICALM, and 14q32.13 Regions in Colombian Alzheimer Disease Patients.
Examining the Pathways Between Self-Awareness and Well-Being in Mild to Moderate Alzheimer Disease.
The relevance of cerebrospinal fluid α-synuclein levels to sporadic and familial Alzheimer's disease.
Cerebrospinal Fluid Particles in Alzheimer Disease and Parkinson Disease.
Evaluation of common structural brain changes in aging and Alzheimer disease with the use of an MRI-based brain atrophy and lesion index: a comparison between T1WI and T2WI at 1.5T and 3T.
Comparison of multiple interventions for older adults with Alzheimer disease or mild cognitive impairment: A PRISMA-compliant network meta-analysis.
Distinct patterns of APP processing in the CNS in autosomal-dominant and sporadic Alzheimer disease.
The Edinburgh Consensus: preparing for the advent of disease-modifying therapies for Alzheimer's disease.
Cerebrovascular effects of apolipoprotein E: implications for Alzheimer disease.
Protective effects of ginger root extract on Alzheimer disease-induced behavioral dysfunction in rats.
Three-week nutritional supplementation effect on long-term nutritional status of patients with mild Alzheimer disease.
Genome-wide association study of language performance in Alzheimer's disease.
Lorazepam Challenge for Individuals at Varying Genetic Risk for Alzheimer Disease.
Mathematical model on Alzheimer's disease.
The Value of Pre-Screening in the Alzheimer's Prevention Initiative (API) Autosomal Dominant Alzheimer's Disease Trial.
Impaired default network functional connectivity in autosomal dominant Alzheimer disease.
Neuroprotection by cyclodextrin in cell and mouse models of Alzheimer disease.
Clinical, imaging, pathological, and biochemical characterization of a novel presenilin 1 mutation (N135Y) causing Alzheimer's disease.
Alzheimer disease: Blocking microglial proliferation halts Alzheimer disease in mice.
On the path to 2025: understanding the Alzheimer's disease continuum.
Contribution of Alzheimer disease to mortality in the United States.
Performance of Cerebrospinal Fluid Biomarkers of Alzheimer Disease in a Memory Clinic in Norway.
Factors influencing attrition in 35 Alzheimer's Disease Centers across the USA: a longitudinal examination of the National Alzheimer's Coordinating Center's Uniform Data Set.
Vitamin D basis of Alzheimer's disease: from genetics to biomarkers.
Recent advancements toward therapeutic vaccines against Alzheimer's disease.
Implicit Behavioral Change in Response to Cognitive Tasks in Alzheimer Disease.
Alzheimer Disease and Related Disorders and Out-of-Pocket Health Care Spending and Burden Among Elderly Medicare Beneficiaries.
Platelets, lymphocytes and erythrocytes from Alzheimer's disease patients: the quest for blood cell-based biomarkers.
[Calcium hypothesis of Alzheimer disease].
[Neuroimaging for patients with Alzheimer disease in routine practice].
Short-Term Antipsychotics for Alzheimer Disease.
Reelin signaling pathway genotypes and Alzheimer disease in a Spanish population.
Putting the New Alzheimer Disease Amyloid, Tau, Neurodegeneration (AT[N]) Diagnostic System to the Test.
Cerebral amyloid angiopathy in Down syndrome and sporadic and autosomal-dominant Alzheimer's disease.
[Effect of naringenin on learning and memory ability on model rats with Alzheimer disease].
A systemic view of Alzheimer disease - insights from amyloid-β metabolism beyond the brain.
Mouse brain magnetic resonance microscopy: Applications in Alzheimer disease.
Alzheimer disease pharmacologic treatment and treatment research.
Neuropsychological correlates of capacity determinations in Alzheimer disease: implications for assessment.
Tau induces blood vessel abnormalities and angiogenesis-related gene expression in P301L transgenic mice and human Alzheimer's disease.
Muscle profile and cognition in patients with Alzheimer's disease dementia.
The Report of p.Val717Phe Mutation in the APP Gene in a Hungarian Family With Alzheimer Disease: A Phenomenological Study.
Rates of decline in Alzheimer disease decrease with age.
Chenodeoxycholic Acid Ameliorates AlCl<sub>3</sub>-Induced Alzheimer's Disease Neurotoxicity and Cognitive Deterioration via Enhanced Insulin Signaling in Rats.
Relationship between chronic disturbance of 2,3-diphosphoglycerate metabolism in erythrocytes and Alzheimer disease.
Male-specific epistasis between WWC1 and TLN2 genes is associated with Alzheimer's disease.
Family history of Alzheimer disease predicts hippocampal atrophy in healthy middle-aged adults.
Longitudinal amyloid imaging in mouse brain with 11C-PIB: comparison of APP23, Tg2576, and APPswe-PS1dE9 mouse models of Alzheimer disease.
Mass spectrometry is a multifaceted weapon to be used in the battle against Alzheimer's disease: Amyloid beta peptides and beyond.
The Human Alzheimer Disease Project: Answering the Call.
CSF progranulin increases in the course of Alzheimer's disease and is associated with sTREM2, neurodegeneration and cognitive decline.
ABCA7 Genotypes Confer Alzheimer's Disease Risk by Modulating Amyloid-β Pathology.
Rare variants in the splicing regulatory elements of EXOC3L4 are associated with brain glucose metabolism in Alzheimer's disease.
7,8-Dihydroxyflavone, a small molecule TrkB agonist, improves spatial memory and increases thin spine density in a mouse model of Alzheimer disease-like neuronal loss.
Biomarkers of Alzheimer's disease in older and oldest old patients.
Effects of a 15-amino-acid isoform of amyloid- β expressed by silkworm pupae on B6C3-Tg Alzheimer's disease transgenic mice.
Low LDL cholesterol, <i>PCSK9</i> and <i>HMGCR</i> genetic variation, and risk of Alzheimer's disease and Parkinson's disease: Mendelian randomisation study.
Biomarkers for early detection of Alzheimer disease.
Interpreting Alzheimer disease polygenic scores.
Plasma multianalyte profiling in mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer disease.
Use of drug treatments for Alzheimer's disease in France: a study on a national level based on the National Alzheimer's Data Bank (Banque Nationale Alzheimer).
The neuropsychological profile of Alzheimer disease.
Is dominantly inherited Alzheimer disease a clone of sporadic Alzheimer disease?
Plasma Exosomal miRNAs in Persons with and without Alzheimer Disease: Altered Expression and Prospects for Biomarkers.
Alzheimer neuropathology without frontotemporal lobar degeneration hallmarks (TAR DNA-binding protein 43 inclusions) in missense progranulin mutation Cys139Arg.
Association between functional impairment, depression, and extrapyramidal signs in neuroleptic-free patients with Alzheimer disease.
Attributional style and theory of mind in people with Alzheimer disease and persecutory delusions.
Improving physician awareness of Alzheimer disease and enhancing recruitment: the Clinician Partners Program.
Single-cell atlas maps cell-specific gene changes in Alzheimer disease.
Asymmetric dimethylarginine exacerbates Aβ-induced toxicity and oxidative stress in human cell and Caenorhabditis elegans models of Alzheimer disease.
Effect of ceftriaxone on paired-pulse response and long-term potentiation of hippocampal dentate gyrus neurons in rats with Alzheimer-like disease.
Green Tea Intake and Risks for Dementia, Alzheimer's Disease, Mild Cognitive Impairment, and Cognitive Impairment: A Systematic Review.
Association Between Exercise Capacity and Late Onset of Dementia, Alzheimer Disease, and Cognitive Impairment.
The Association Between the Use of Zolpidem and the Risk of Alzheimer's Disease Among Older People.
Fresh evidence for major brain gangliosides as a target for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease.
Periodic Variation of AAK1 in an Aβ<sub>1-42</sub>-Induced Mouse Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
Near-infrared Fluorescence Ocular Imaging (NIRFOI) of Alzheimer's Disease.
A novel therapeutic potential of cysteinyl leukotrienes and their receptors modulation in the neurological complications associated with Alzheimer's disease.
The growth and impact of Alzheimer disease centers as measured by social network analysis.
N-truncated Aβ2-X starting with position two in sporadic Alzheimer's disease cases and two Alzheimer mouse models.
Mammalian Target of Rapamycin at the Crossroad Between Alzheimer's Disease and Diabetes.
Memantine loaded PLGA PEGylated nanoparticles for Alzheimer's disease: in vitro and in vivo characterization.
Longitudinal changes in white matter disease and cognition in the first year of the Alzheimer disease neuroimaging initiative.
Balance and mobility dysfunction and falls risk in older people with mild to moderate Alzheimer disease.
Clinical and cognitive trajectories in cognitively healthy elderly individuals with suspected non-Alzheimer's disease pathophysiology (SNAP) or Alzheimer's disease pathology: a longitudinal study.
Association between ARNTL (BMAL1) rs2278749 polymorphism T >C and susceptibility to Alzheimer disease in a Chinese population.
Comparison of multiple tau-PET measures as biomarkers in aging and Alzheimer's disease.
High-fat diet protects the blood-brain barrier in an Alzheimer's disease mouse model.
Neuronal Pentraxin 2 predicts medial temporal atrophy and memory decline across the Alzheimer's disease spectrum.
Early- versus late-onset Alzheimer's disease in clinical practice: cognitive and global outcomes over 3 years.
Reasons for Failed Trials of Disease-Modifying Treatments for Alzheimer Disease and Their Contribution in Recent Research.
Confidentiality in preclinical Alzheimer disease studies: when research and medical records meet.
Nerve Growth Factor Gene Therapy: Activation of Neuronal Responses in Alzheimer Disease.
The application of lipidomics to biomarker research and pathomechanisms in Alzheimer's disease.
Comparative effect of statins on the risk of incident Alzheimer disease.
Alzheimer disease: PINK1 rescues pathology in Alzheimer disease.
Down syndrome: From development to adult life to Alzheimer disease.
A phase II trial of huperzine A in mild to moderate Alzheimer disease.
Clinical Significance of Cerebrovascular Biomarkers and White Matter Tract Integrity in Alzheimer Disease: Clinical correlations With Neurobehavioral Data in Cross-Sectional and After 18 Months Follow-ups.
Bayesian model reveals latent atrophy factors with dissociable cognitive trajectories in Alzheimer's disease.
Alzheimer disease: current concepts & future directions.
Neuroprotective Effects of Flavonoid Compounds on Neuronal Death Associated to Alzheimer's Disease.
Insights into the Molecular Mechanisms of Alzheimer's and Parkinson's Diseases with Molecular Simulations: Understanding the Roles of Artificial and Pathological Missense Mutations in Intrinsically Disordered Proteins Related to Pathology.
Alzheimer's Disease Including Focal Presentations.
The Adiponectin Homolog Osmotin Enhances Neurite Outgrowth and Synaptic Complexity via AdipoR1/NgR1 Signaling in Alzheimer's Disease.
Cognitive deficits of pure subcortical vascular dementia vs. Alzheimer disease: PiB-PET-based study.
High-salt diet promotes Alzheimer disease-like changes.
Diabetes, Hemoglobin A1C, and Regional Alzheimer Disease and Infarct Pathology.
Relationship of physical and functional independence and perceived quality of life of veteran patients with Alzheimer disease.
Standardization of hippocampus volumetry using automated brain structure volumetry tool for an initial Alzheimer's disease imaging biomarker.
Sleep, circadian rhythms, and the pathogenesis of Alzheimer disease.
Early and late change on the preclinical Alzheimer's cognitive composite in clinically normal older individuals with elevated amyloid β.
2014 Update of the Alzheimer's Disease Neuroimaging Initiative: A review of papers published since its inception.
Osthole decreases tau protein phosphorylation via PI3K/AKT/GSK-3β signaling pathway in Alzheimer's disease.
Na⁺-K⁺-ATPase, a potent neuroprotective modulator against Alzheimer disease.
Longitudinal assessment of neuroimaging and clinical markers in autosomal dominant Alzheimer's disease: a prospective cohort study.
Impact of gene patents and licensing practices on access to genetic testing for Alzheimer disease.
"I know what you told me, but this is what I think:" perceived risk of Alzheimer disease among individuals who accurately recall their genetics-based risk estimate.
[BACE1 inhibitors for the treatment of Alzheimer disease].
Semantic Feature Training for the Treatment of Anomia in Alzheimer Disease: A Preliminary Investigation.
Impaired explicit self-awareness but preserved behavioral regulation in patients with Alzheimer disease.
Olfactory identification deficit predicts white matter tract impairment in Alzheimer's disease.
Early Detection of Learning Difficulties when Confronted with Novel Information in Preclinical Alzheimer's Disease Stage 1.
Semantic Feature Disturbance in Alzheimer Disease: Evidence from an Object Decision Task.
Cerebrovascular pathology in Down syndrome and Alzheimer disease.
CSF biomarkers of Alzheimer disease: "noncognitive" outcomes.
Alzheimer Disease Pathogenesis: Insights From Molecular and Cellular Biology Studies of Oligomeric Aβ and Tau Species.
[Alzheimer disease - A 21st century epidemic].
Impact of Alzheimer disease patients' sleep disturbances on their caregivers.
The executive prominent/memory prominent spectrum in Alzheimer's disease is highly heritable.
Random forest feature selection, fusion and ensemble strategy: Combining multiple morphological MRI measures to discriminate among healhy elderly, MCI, cMCI and alzheimer's disease patients: From the alzheimer's disease neuroimaging initiative (ADNI) database.
Participant Satisfaction With Learning Alzheimer Disease Clinical Trial Results.
Symptom onset in autosomal dominant Alzheimer disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Two rare AKAP9 variants are associated with Alzheimer's disease in African Americans.
Alzheimer disease and cellular mechanisms of memory storage.
Prefrontal hypometabolism in Alzheimer disease is related to longitudinal amyloid accumulation in remote brain regions.
Changes in network synchronization herald Alzheimer Disease.
HHEX_23 AA Genotype Exacerbates Effect of Diabetes on Dementia and Alzheimer Disease: A Population-Based Longitudinal Study.
Systems Pharmacological Approach to Investigate the Mechanism of <i>Ohwia caudata</i> for Application to Alzheimer's Disease.
Insights into the Potential Role of Mercury in Alzheimer's Disease.
Apolipoprotein E Polymorphism and Oxidative Stress in Peripheral Blood-Derived Macrophage-Mediated Amyloid-Beta Phagocytosis in Alzheimer's Disease Patients.
Calcium signaling in Alzheimer's disease & therapies.
Behavioral and psychological symptoms of dementia (BPSD) and impaired cognition reflect unsuccessful neuronal compensation in the pre-plaque stage and serve as early markers for Alzheimer's disease in the APP23 mouse model.
Chronic optogenetic activation augments aβ pathology in a mouse model of Alzheimer disease.
PET biomarkers: Use of imaging techniques in Alzheimer disease and neurodegeneration clinical diagnosis.
Modeling test and treatment strategies for presymptomatic Alzheimer disease.
Spatial Patterns of Hypometabolism and Amyloid Deposition in Variants of Alzheimer's Disease Corresponding to Brain Networks: a Prospective Cohort Study.
Novel 18F-labeled arylquinoline derivatives for noninvasive imaging of tau pathology in Alzheimer disease.
Current Updates on the Regulation of Beta-Secretase Movement as a Potential Restorative Focus for Management of Alzheimer's Disease.
Depression and incident Alzheimer disease: the impact of disease severity.
The search for meaning in preclinical Alzheimer disease clinical trials.
The pre-synaptic vesicle protein synaptotagmin is a novel biomarker for Alzheimer's disease.
Coding mutations in SORL1 and Alzheimer disease.
Resting state network modularity along the prodromal late onset Alzheimer's disease continuum.
Networks of tau distribution in Alzheimer's disease.
Evidence for premature lipid raft aging in APP/PS1 double-transgenic mice, a model of familial Alzheimer disease.
A proteomic approach for the involvement of the GAPDH in Alzheimer disease in the blood of Moroccan FAD cases.
A novel cognitive disease progression model for clinical trials in autosomal-dominant Alzheimer's disease.
Prevalence of Brain Microbleeds in Alzheimer Disease: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis on the Influence of Neuroimaging Techniques.
Monitoring Plasma Levels of Donepezil, 5-O-Desmethyl-Donepezil, 6-O-Desmethyl-Donepezil, and Donepezil-N-Oxide by a Novel HPLC Method in Patients With Alzheimer Disease.
Reduced expression of hsa-miR-27a-3p in CSF of patients with Alzheimer disease.
Amyloid-Related Imaging Abnormalities (ARIA) in Immunotherapy Trials for Alzheimer's Disease: Need for Prognostic Biomarkers?
Altered γ-Secretase Processing of APP Disrupts Lysosome and Autophagosome Function in Monogenic Alzheimer's Disease.
Nicotinamide loaded functionalized solid lipid nanoparticles improves cognition in Alzheimer's disease animal model by reducing Tau hyperphosphorylation.
Relationship between general anesthesia and Alzheimer disease: A protocol for a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Associations between Alzheimer disease biomarkers, neurodegeneration, and cognition in cognitively normal older people.
miR-206 regulates brain-derived neurotrophic factor in Alzheimer disease model.
Disease progression timeline estimation for Alzheimer's disease using discriminative event based modeling.
What can lipidomics tell us about the pathogenesis of Alzheimer disease?
Bridging the Gap between Alzheimer's Disease and Alzheimer's-like Diseases in Animals.
Comparison of analytical platforms for cerebrospinal fluid measures of β-amyloid 1-42, total tau, and p-tau181 for identifying Alzheimer disease amyloid plaque pathology.
Effect of rivastigmine on plasma butyrylcholine esterase activity and plasma ghrelin levels in patients with dementia in Alzheimer's disease.
The Human Alzheimer Disease Project: A New Call to Arms.
Alzheimer disease and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis: an etiopathogenic connection.
Protective role of Dihydromyricetin in Alzheimer's disease rat model associated with activating AMPK/SIRT1 signaling pathway.
Japanese and North American Alzheimer's Disease Neuroimaging Initiative studies: Harmonization for international trials.
Changes in intracranial venous blood flow and pulsatility in Alzheimer's disease: A 4D flow MRI study.
Blood-derived plasminogen drives brain inflammation and plaque deposition in a mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Genetic study of multimodal imaging Alzheimer's disease progression score implicates novel loci.
Application of Artificial Neural Networks to Identify Alzheimer's Disease Using Cerebral Perfusion SPECT Data.
The BACE-1 inhibitor CNP520 for prevention trials in Alzheimer's disease.
Susceptibility of brain atrophy to <i>TRIB3</i> in Alzheimer's disease, evidence from functional prioritization in imaging genetics.
Shared Neuropathological Characteristics of Obesity, Type 2 Diabetes and Alzheimer's Disease: Impacts on Cognitive Decline.
Cognitive decline in prodromal Alzheimer disease and mild cognitive impairment.
Intracerebral GM-CSF contributes to transendothelial monocyte migration in APP/PS1 Alzheimer's disease mice.
Alzheimer disease: Revising the risk of Alzheimer disease in women.
Patients with Alzheimer disease with multiple microbleeds: relation with cerebrospinal fluid biomarkers and cognition.
ATP-sensitive potassium-channel inhibitor glibenclamide attenuates HPA axis hyperactivity, depression- and anxiety-related symptoms in a rat model of Alzheimer's disease.
Integrative transcriptome analyses of the aging brain implicate altered splicing in Alzheimer's disease susceptibility.
Influence of cerebrovascular disease on brain networks in prodromal and clinical Alzheimer's disease.
Inflammatory pathways relate to early Alzheimer disease pathology.
Multifactorial causal model of brain (dis)organization and therapeutic intervention: Application to Alzheimer's disease.
Genome-wide association study of Alzheimer's disease endophenotypes at prediagnosis stages.
Alzheimer disease therapy--moving from amyloid-β to tau.
An improved model for disease progression in patients from the Alzheimer's disease neuroimaging initiative.
Ropren<sup>®</sup> treatment reverses anxiety-like behavior and monoamines levels in gonadectomized rat model of Alzheimer's disease.
The medical food Souvenaid affects brain phospholipid metabolism in mild Alzheimer's disease: results from a randomized controlled trial.
Sunlight Incidence, Vitamin D Deficiency, and Alzheimer's Disease.
Reductive stress in young healthy individuals at risk of Alzheimer disease.
Differences in Cognitive Impairment in Primary Age-Related Tauopathy Versus Alzheimer Disease.
Epigenetic editing of the Dlg4/PSD95 gene improves cognition in aged and Alzheimer's disease mice.
Effects of APOE ε4 on neuroimaging, cerebrospinal fluid biomarkers, and cognition in prodromal Alzheimer's disease.
Evidence for Compromised Insulin Signaling and Neuronal Vulnerability in Experimental Model of Sporadic Alzheimer's Disease.
Emergency Department Visits for Psychotropic-Related Adverse Drug Events in Older Adults With Alzheimer Disease, 2013-2014.
Increased Total Urinary Cortisol (tUC) and Serum Brain-derived Neurotrophic Factor (BDNF) Ratio in Alzheimer Disease (AD)-affected Patients.
Serum IgG antibody levels to periodontal microbiota are associated with incident Alzheimer disease.
Yeast red pigment modifies Amyloid beta growth in Alzheimer disease models in both Saccharomyces cerevisiae and Drosophila melanogaster.
Configuration-specific immunotherapy targeting cis pThr231-Pro232 tau for Alzheimer disease.
Alzheimer's disease neuroimaging.
Hippocampal sclerosis and TDP-43 pathology in aging and Alzheimer disease.
Selective impairment of hippocampus and posterior hub areas in Alzheimer's disease: an MEG-based multiplex network study.
Neuropathologic features associated with Alzheimer disease diagnosis: age matters.
Short-Term Fish Oil Treatment Changes the Composition of Phospholipids While Not Affecting the Expression of Mfsd2a Omega-3 Transporter in the Brain and Liver of the 5xFAD Mouse Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
Human Alzheimer's disease gene expression signatures and immune profile in APP mouse models: a discrete transcriptomic view of Aβ plaque pathology.
Amyloid-β, anxiety, and cognitive decline in preclinical Alzheimer disease: a multicenter, prospective cohort study.
Comparative efficacy and acceptability of antidiabetic agents for Alzheimer's disease and mild cognitive impairment: A systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Brain Penetrating Bifunctional Erythropoietin-Transferrin Receptor Antibody Fusion Protein for Alzheimer's Disease.
Alzheimer disease prevention: focus on cardiovascular risk, not amyloid?
Pathway-Specific Polygenic Risk Scores as Predictors of Amyloid-β Deposition and Cognitive Function in a Sample at Increased Risk for Alzheimer's Disease.
Randomized Trial of Verubecestat for Mild-to-Moderate Alzheimer's Disease.
Clearance systems in the brain-implications for Alzheimer disease.
Prevalence and Severity of Alzheimer Disease in Individuals With Down Syndrome.
Alzheimer disease: new concepts on its neurobiology and the clinical role imaging will play.
Hypertension accelerates the progression of Alzheimer-like pathology in a mouse model of the disease.
The immunopathogenic role of reactive oxygen species in Alzheimer disease.
Mild cognitive impairment and asymptomatic Alzheimer disease subjects: equivalent β-amyloid and tau loads with divergent cognitive outcomes.
Amyloid-β and tau: the trigger and bullet in Alzheimer disease pathogenesis.
Homozygous carriers of APP A713T mutation in an autosomal dominant Alzheimer disease family.
Interaction between cerebrovascular disease and Alzheimer pathology.
Alzheimer's disease: Only prevention makes sense.
Mitochondrial abnormalities in Parkinson's disease and Alzheimer's disease: can mitochondria be targeted therapeutically?
Association between Neuropsychiatric Improvement and Neurocognitive Change in Alzheimer's Disease: Analysis of the CATIE-AD Study.
Global and local ancestry in African-Americans: Implications for Alzheimer's disease risk.
Decoding the synaptic dysfunction of bioactive human AD brain soluble Aβ to inspire novel therapeutic avenues for Alzheimer's disease.
Omega-3 fatty acids' supplementation in Alzheimer's disease: A systematic review.
Downregulated apoptosis and autophagy after anti-Aβ immunotherapy in Alzheimer's disease.
Can naproxen slow the progression of Alzheimer disease?
Classification of Alzheimer's disease and prediction of mild cognitive impairment-to-Alzheimer's conversion from structural magnetic resource imaging using feature ranking and a genetic algorithm.
The effect of APOE and other common genetic variants on the onset of Alzheimer's disease and dementia: a community-based cohort study.
Donepezil-induced myoclonus in a patient with Alzheimer disease.
Alzheimer's Disease: A Journey from Amyloid Peptides and Oxidative Stress, to Biomarker Technologies and Disease Prevention Strategies-Gains from AIBL and DIAN Cohort Studies.
c-Jun N-terminal kinase has a key role in Alzheimer disease synaptic dysfunction in vivo.
Is cerebral microbleed prevalence relevant as a biomarker in amnestic mild cognitive impairment and mild Alzheimer's disease?
Predicting Alzheimer disease with β-amyloid imaging: results from the Australian imaging, biomarkers, and lifestyle study of ageing.
Association of cerebrospinal fluid prion protein levels and the distinction between Alzheimer disease and Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease.
The 2013 SFRBM discovery award: selected discoveries from the butterfield laboratory of oxidative stress and its sequela in brain in cognitive disorders exemplified by Alzheimer disease and chemotherapy induced cognitive impairment.
Glutamine Improves Oxidative Stress through the Wnt3a/<i>β</i>-Catenin Signaling Pathway in Alzheimer's Disease In Vitro and In Vivo.
Ischemic tau protein gene induction as an additional key factor driving development of Alzheimer's phenotype changes in CA1 area of hippocampus in an ischemic model of Alzheimer's disease.
Activation of PPARA-mediated autophagy reduces Alzheimer disease-like pathology and cognitive decline in a murine model.
Dysfunction of Neuromuscular Synapses in the Genetic Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
Circadian clock gene polymorphisms and sleep-wake disturbance in Alzheimer disease.
Multimodal Imaging in Rat Model Recapitulates Alzheimer's Disease Biomarkers Abnormalities.
Disruption of amyloid plaques integrity affects the soluble oligomers content from Alzheimer disease brains.
The Proteasome and Oxidative Stress in Alzheimer's Disease.
Apolipoprotein E epsilon4 does not modulate amyloid-β-associated neurodegeneration in preclinical Alzheimer disease.
Frontal Lobe Function and Risk of Hip Fracture in Patient With Alzheimer Disease: An Analysis of Linked Data.
Imaging proteomics for diagnosis, monitoring and prediction of Alzheimer's disease.
Animal models of Alzheimer disease.
Sex differences in the development of mild cognitive impairment and probable Alzheimer's disease as predicted by hippocampal volume or white matter hyperintensities.
Gender Differences in Neuropsychiatric Symptoms in Mild to Moderate Alzheimer's Disease Patients Undergoing Switch of Cholinesterase Inhibitors: A Post Hoc Analysis of the EVOLUTION Study.
Pharmacological activation of the nuclear receptor REV-ERB reverses cognitive deficits and reduces amyloid-β burden in a mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Evaluation of a calibrated (18)F-FDG PET score as a biomarker for progression in Alzheimer disease and mild cognitive impairment.
Comparison of CSF markers and semi-quantitative amyloid PET in Alzheimer's disease diagnosis and in cognitive impairment prognosis using the ADNI-2 database.
Alzheimer disease and pre-emptive suicide.
Looking for Alzheimer's Disease morphometric signatures using machine learning techniques.
Intracranial artery stenosis and progression from mild cognitive impairment to Alzheimer disease.
Cytomegalovirus infection and risk of Alzheimer disease in older black and white individuals.
Pathogenesis of Alzheimer disease: role of oxidative stress, amyloid-β peptides, systemic ammonia and erythrocyte energy metabolism.
Apolipoprotein E ε4 and age effects on florbetapir positron emission tomography in healthy aging and Alzheimer disease.
The soluble Y115E-Y117E variant of human glutaminyl cyclase is a valid target for X-ray and NMR screening of inhibitors against Alzheimer disease.
Alzheimer's Disease and NQO1: Is there a Link?
Solving the puzzle of Alzheimer disease.
Decreased daytime motor activity associated with apathy in Alzheimer disease:  an actigraphic study.
Elevated IgM against Nε-(Carboxyethyl)lysine-modified Apolipoprotein A1 peptide 141-147 in Taiwanese with Alzheimer's disease.
Genetic susceptibility for Alzheimer disease neuritic plaque pathology.
From high doses of oral rivastigmine to transdermal rivastigmine patches: user experience and satisfaction among caregivers of patients with mild to moderate Alzheimer disease.
NPY modulates miR-30a-5p and BDNF in opposite direction in an in vitro model of Alzheimer disease: a possible role in neuroprotection?
Modulation of γ- and β-Secretases as Early Prevention Against Alzheimer's Disease.
Early-in-life neuroanatomical and behavioural trajectories in a triple transgenic model of Alzheimer's disease.
Exploring the nexus of Alzheimer's disease and related dementias with cancer and cancer therapies: A convening of the Alzheimer's Association & Alzheimer's Drug Discovery Foundation.
Alzheimer disease in 2016: Putting AD treatments and biomarkers to the test.
Clinical Aspects of Alzheimer's Disease.
Molecular mechanisms of Alzheimer disease protection by the A673T allele of amyloid precursor protein.
Dysregulation of neural calcium signaling in Alzheimer disease, bipolar disorder and schizophrenia.
Focused ultrasound as a novel strategy for Alzheimer disease therapeutics.
Preclinical Alzheimer's disease: Definition, natural history, and diagnostic criteria.
Association of Brain DNA methylation in SORL1, ABCA7, HLA-DRB5, SLC24A4, and BIN1 with pathological diagnosis of Alzheimer disease.
Imaging correlations of tau, amyloid, metabolism, and atrophy in typical and atypical Alzheimer's disease.
Lost after translation: missorting of Tau protein and consequences for Alzheimer disease.
[Injectable preparation of labeled leucine with the carbon 13 for a clinical research program on the Alzheimer disease: pharmaceutical control of raw materials and the finished product and stability study].
Modulators of IgG penetration through the blood-brain barrier: Implications for Alzheimer's disease immunotherapy.
Chronic exposure to aluminum and melatonin through the diet: neurobehavioral effects in a transgenic mouse model of Alzheimer disease.
GWAS of longitudinal amyloid accumulation on 18F-florbetapir PET in Alzheimer's disease implicates microglial activation gene IL1RAP.
The Rationale Behind the New Alzheimer's Disease Conceptualization: Lessons Learned During the Last Decades.
Cerebrospinal Fluid and Plasma Levels of Inflammation Differentially Relate to CNS Markers of Alzheimer's Disease Pathology and Neuronal Damage.
MEG biomarker of Alzheimer's disease: Absence of a prefrontal generator during auditory sensory gating.
Detecting Circulating MicroRNAs as Biomarkers in Alzheimer's Disease.
Alzheimer's disease.
The therapeutic potential of metabolic hormones in the treatment of age-related cognitive decline and Alzheimer's disease.
Modelling APOE ɛ3/4 allele-associated sporadic Alzheimer's disease in an induced neuron.
Development of Alzheimer-disease neuroimaging-biomarkers using mouse models with amyloid-precursor protein-transgene expression.
Interleukin-2 improves amyloid pathology, synaptic failure and memory in Alzheimer's disease mice.
Cholesterol-metabolizing enzyme cytochrome P450 46A1 as a pharmacologic target for Alzheimer's disease.
Alzheimer's disease: Estimating its prevalence rate in a French geographical unit using the National Alzheimer Data Bank and national health insurance information systems.
Distinctive Effect of Donepezil Treatment on P300 and N200 Subcomponents of Auditory Event-Related Evoked Potentials in Alzheimer Disease Patients.
Telomere Length Shortening and Alzheimer Disease--A Mendelian Randomization Study.
Lack of human-like extracellular sortilin neuropathology in transgenic Alzheimer's disease model mice and macaques.
Reduced substantia innominata volume mediates contributions of microvascular and macrovascular disease to cognitive deficits in Alzheimer's disease.
An APOE-independent cis-eSNP on chromosome 19q13.32 influences tau levels and late-onset Alzheimer's disease risk.
The National Institute on Aging-Alzheimer's Association Framework on Alzheimer's disease: Application to clinical trials.
Matrix metalloproteinase 14 modulates diabetes and Alzheimer's disease cross-talk: a meta-analysis.
Dantrolene, a treatment for Alzheimer disease?
No association of salivary total tau concentration with Alzheimer's disease.
Amyloid tracers binding sites in autosomal dominant and sporadic Alzheimer's disease.
The Roles of Apathy and Depression in Predicting Alzheimer Disease: A Longitudinal Analysis in Older Adults With Mild Cognitive Impairment.
Seizures as an early symptom of autosomal dominant Alzheimer's disease.
Age-Related Changes of the Neurovascular Unit in the Cerebral Cortex of Alzheimer Disease Mouse Models: A Neuroanatomical and Molecular Study.
Precision pharmacology for Alzheimer's disease.
Severity of dementia, anosognosia, and depression in relation to the quality of life of patients with Alzheimer disease: discrepancies between patients and caregivers.
Incidence of cognitively defined late-onset Alzheimer's dementia subgroups from a prospective cohort study.
Changes of several brain receptor complexes in the cerebral cortex of patients with Alzheimer disease: probable new potential pharmaceutical targets.
Preclinical Alzheimer's Disease: Implications for Refinement of the Concept.
Cerebrospinal Fluid Biomarkers for the Diagnosis of Alzheimer Disease in South Korea.
European Prevention of Alzheimer's Dementia Longitudinal Cohort Study (EPAD LCS): study protocol.
A silver lining for 24-hydroxycholesterol in Alzheimer's disease: The involvement of the neuroprotective enzyme sirtuin 1.
Plasma 8-isoPGF2α and serum melatonin levels in patients with minimal cognitive impairment and Alzheimer disease.
Regulatory T cells delay disease progression in Alzheimer-like pathology.
Polygenic risk score in postmortem diagnosed sporadic early-onset Alzheimer's disease.
Cognitive Profiles on the Severe Impairment Battery Are Similar in Alzheimer Disease and Down Syndrome With Dementia.
Modifiable pathways in Alzheimer's disease: Mendelian randomisation analysis.
Utility of an Alzheimer's Disease Risk-Weighted Polygenic Risk Score for Predicting Rates of Cognitive Decline in Preclinical Alzheimer's Disease: A Prospective Longitudinal Study.
Amyloid β-peptide (1-42)-induced oxidative stress in Alzheimer disease: importance in disease pathogenesis and progression.
Patient Representation and Advocacy for Alzheimer Disease in Germany and Israel.
Aerobic glycolysis and tau deposition in preclinical Alzheimer's disease.
Lack of contextual-word predictability during reading in patients with mild Alzheimer disease.
Oxidative modification of lipoic acid by HNE in Alzheimer disease brain.
Testing visual perception in dementia with Lewy bodies and Alzheimer disease.
Birth of hippocampal neurons declines in Alzheimer disease.
A call for a global 'bigger' data approach to Alzheimer disease.
Resolving atherosclerosis and Alzheimer disease.
Increased platelet adhesion and thrombus formation in a mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Synthesis, molecular docking, acetylcholinesterase and butyrylcholinesterase inhibitory potential of thiazole analogs as new inhibitors for Alzheimer disease.
A rapid gene delivery-based mouse model for early-stage Alzheimer disease-type tauopathy.
The behavioural/dysexecutive variant of Alzheimer's disease: clinical, neuroimaging and pathological features.
Derivation of a new ADAS-cog composite using tree-based multivariate analysis: prediction of conversion from mild cognitive impairment to Alzheimer disease.
The polymorphism of CLOCK gene 3111T/C C>T is associated with susceptibility of Alzheimer disease in Chinese population.
Genetic variation within endolysosomal system is associated with late-onset Alzheimer's disease.
Microglial activation correlates in vivo with both tau and amyloid in Alzheimer's disease.
The role of gut microbiota in pathogenesis of Alzheimer's disease.
Vascular risk factors and the relationships between cognitive impairment and hypoperfusion in late-onset Alzheimer's disease.
Ameliorative effect of nicergoline on cognitive function through the PI3K/AKT signaling pathway in mouse models of Alzheimer's disease.
Diagnosis and Management of Neuropsychiatric Symptoms in Alzheimer's Disease.
A life-course and multifactorial approach to Alzheimer's disease: Implications for research, clinical assessment and intervention practices.
Vascular lesions in mixed dementia, vascular dementia, and Alzheimer disease with cerebrovascular disease: the Kurihara Project.
A rare case of trigeminal trophic syndrome with an extensive scalp, forehead, and upper eyelid ulceration in a patient with undiagnosed Alzheimer disease.
Selective Ability of Some CANTAB Battery Test Measures to Detect Cognitive Response to a Single Dose of Donepezil in Alzheimer Disease.
Integrating spatial-anatomical regularization and structure sparsity into SVM: Improving interpretation of Alzheimer's disease classification.
Preclinical Alzheimer's disease and its outcome: a longitudinal cohort study.
Down-regulated TMED10 in Alzheimer disease induces autophagy via ATG4B activation.
Nanotherapy for Alzheimer's disease and vascular dementia: Targeting senile endothelium.
Cis phosphorylated tau as the earliest detectable pathogenic conformation in Alzheimer disease, offering novel diagnostic and therapeutic strategies.
Genetic Variation in Genes Underlying Diverse Dementias May Explain a Small Proportion of Cases in the Alzheimer's Disease Sequencing Project.
Update on biomarkers for amyloid pathology in Alzheimer's disease.
Memory profiles in pathology or biomarker confirmed Alzheimer disease and frontotemporal dementia.
Cyclophilin D deficiency improves mitochondrial function and learning/memory in aging Alzheimer disease mouse model.
Untangling Genetic Risk for Alzheimer's Disease.
Wnt signaling: role in Alzheimer disease and schizophrenia.
proBDNF is modified by advanced glycation end products in Alzheimer's disease and causes neuronal apoptosis by inducing p75 neurotrophin receptor processing.
A Longitudinal Study of Total and Phosphorylated α-Synuclein with Other Biomarkers in Cerebrospinal Fluid of Alzheimer's Disease and Mild Cognitive Impairment.
A presenilin-1 mutation identified in familial Alzheimer disease with cotton wool plaques causes a nearly complete loss of gamma-secretase activity.
Case-control analysis of leucine-rich repeat kinase 2 protective variants in Alzheimer's disease.
Detection and Differentiation of Frontotemporal Dementia and Related Disorders From Alzheimer Disease Using the Montreal Cognitive Assessment.
Advanced Assay Monitoring APP-Carboxyl-Terminal Fragments as Markers of APP Processing in Alzheimer Disease Mouse Models.
Episodic Memory in Alzheimer Disease, Frontotemporal Dementia, and Dementia With Lewy Bodies/Parkinson Disease Dementia: Disentangling Retrieval From Consolidation.
Natural Dietary Supplementation of Anthocyanins via PI3K/Akt/Nrf2/HO-1 Pathways Mitigate Oxidative Stress, Neurodegeneration, and Memory Impairment in a Mouse Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
Neuroprotective evaluation of Tribulus terrestris L. in aluminum chloride induced Alzheimer's disease.
Proteomic identification of altered protein O-GlcNAcylation in a triple transgenic mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Effect of Xixin decoction on phosphorylation toxicity at specific sites of tau protein in brains of rats with sporadic Alzheimer disease.
Modification of the relationship of the apolipoprotein E ε4 allele to the risk of Alzheimer disease and neurofibrillary tangle density by sleep.
Structural Connectivity Alterations Along the Alzheimer's Disease Continuum: Reproducibility Across Two Independent Samples and Correlation with Cerebrospinal Fluid Amyloid-β and Tau.
Leukocyte telomere length in mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's disease patients.
Relevance of gutmicrobiota in cognition, behaviour and Alzheimer's disease.
The Alzheimer's disease transcriptome mimics the neuroprotective signature of IGF-1 receptor-deficient neurons.
Downregulation of TOMM40 expression in the blood of Alzheimer disease subjects compared with matched controls.
Quality of life in patients with mild Alzheimer disease: the mediator role of mindfulness and spirituality.
Path analysis of caregiver characteristics and neuropsychiatric symptoms in Alzheimer's disease patients.
Author response: Late-life blood pressure association with cerebrovascular and Alzheimer disease pathology.
Comment: Longevity gene <i>KLOTHO</i> may play a role in Alzheimer disease.
Cerebral perfusion alterations and cerebral amyloid in autosomal dominant Alzheimer disease.
Intermittent streptozotocin administration induces behavioral and pathological features relevant to Alzheimer's disease and vascular dementia.
A Novel Cognitive Stress Test for the Detection of Preclinical Alzheimer Disease: Discriminative Properties and Relation to Amyloid Load.
A molecular approach in drug development for Alzheimer's disease.
The risk of Alzheimer's disease associated with benzodiazepines and related drugs: a nested case-control study.
Vascular biomarkers to predict response to exercise in Alzheimer's disease: the study protocol.
Alzheimer disease mice improve with CRISPR-Cas9 gene editing.
Delusions in Alzheimer Disease: What Researchers Should Not Forget.
P300 Amplitude in Alzheimer's Disease: A Meta-Analysis and Meta-Regression.
Widespread distribution of tauopathy in preclinical Alzheimer's disease.
Reproducible evaluation of classification methods in Alzheimer's disease: Framework and application to MRI and PET data.
Alternative hypotheses related to Alzheimer's disease.
Search for age-related macular degeneration risk variants in Alzheimer disease genes and pathways.
Mild cognitive impairment due to Alzheimer disease in the community.
Molecular basis for increased risk for late-onset Alzheimer disease due to the naturally occurring L28P mutation in apolipoprotein E4.
Analysis of genetics and risk factors of Alzheimer's Disease.
Effect of HMGCR genetic variation on neuroimaging biomarkers in healthy, mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's disease cohorts.
Neuronal amyloid-β accumulation within cholinergic basal forebrain in ageing and Alzheimer's disease.
Body Mass Index and Risk of Alzheimer's Disease: A Mendelian Randomization Study of 399,536 Individuals.
High performance plasma amyloid-β biomarkers for Alzheimer's disease.
Accelerated long-term forgetting in presymptomatic autosomal dominant Alzheimer's disease: a cross-sectional study.
Association of Tea Consumption with Risk of Alzheimer's Disease and Anti-Beta-Amyloid Effects of Tea.
Network Medicine for Alzheimer's Disease and Traditional Chinese Medicine.
Early detection of Alzheimer disease: ¹¹C-PiB PET in twins discordant for cognitive impairment.
A systematic integrated analysis of brain expression profiles reveals YAP1 and other prioritized hub genes as important upstream regulators in Alzheimer's disease.
The complexity of tau in Alzheimer's disease.
Aging African green monkeys manifest transcriptional, pathological, and cognitive hallmarks of human Alzheimer's disease.
Cerebral perfusional effects of 1-year rivastigmine treatment in Alzheimer disease: a case report.
Altered lysosomal proteins in neural-derived plasma exosomes in preclinical Alzheimer disease.
Biomarkers, assays, and therapies for Alzheimer disease.
Analysis of PTPRK polymorphisms in association with risk and age at onset of Alzheimer's disease, cancer risk, and cholesterol.
Visinin-like protein-1: diagnostic and prognostic biomarker in Alzheimer disease.
Antidiabetic Polypill Improves Central Pathology and Cognitive Impairment in a Mixed Model of Alzheimer's Disease and Type 2 Diabetes.
Age-Related Macular Degeneration-Associated Genes in Alzheimer Disease.
Role of the peripheral innate immune system in the development of Alzheimer's disease.
The Alzheimer's Prevention Initiative Generation Program: Evaluating CNP520 Efficacy in the Prevention of Alzheimer's Disease.
Relationships between cognitive impairment on ADAS-cog and regional cerebral blood flow using SPECT in late-onset Alzheimer's disease.
DNA Hypomethylation in Blood Links B3GALT4 and ZADH2 to Alzheimer's Disease.
Trial of Solanezumab for Mild Dementia Due to Alzheimer's Disease.
Plasma tau correlates with basal forebrain atrophy rates in people at risk for Alzheimer disease.
Role of Plasma Clusterin in Alzheimer's Disease-A Pilot Study in a Tertiary Hospital in Northern India.
Alzheimer's disease pathogenesis: Is there a role for folate?
Heterogeneous patterns of brain atrophy in Alzheimer's disease.
Dietary supplementation with Allium hirtifolium and/or Astragalus hamosus improved memory and reduced neuro-inflammation in the rat model of Alzheimer's disease.
Tau PET patterns mirror clinical and neuroanatomical variability in Alzheimer's disease.
Conjugates of γ-Carbolines and Phenothiazine as new selective inhibitors of butyrylcholinesterase and blockers of NMDA receptors for Alzheimer Disease.
Clinical validity of medial temporal atrophy as a biomarker for Alzheimer's disease in the context of a structured 5-phase development framework.
Detection of changes in the locus coeruleus in patients with mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's disease: high-resolution fast spin-echo T1-weighted imaging.
Metastable neural dynamics in Alzheimer's disease are disrupted by lesions to the structural connectome.
Agency and Communion in People with Alzheimer's Disease, as Described by Themselves and their Spousal Carers.
Stroke trial drug is effective in Alzheimer disease mouse model.
Enhanced levels of mitochondrial enzyme 17beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase type 10 in patients with Alzheimer disease and multiple sclerosis.
Gene Therapy in Alzheimer Disease-It May Be Feasible, but Will It Be Beneficial?
AlphaScreen HTS and live-cell bioluminescence resonance energy transfer (BRET) assays for identification of Tau-Fyn SH3 interaction inhibitors for Alzheimer disease.
APP/Go protein Gβγ-complex signaling mediates Aβ degeneration and cognitive impairment in Alzheimer's disease models.
Technological Solutions for Older People with Alzheimer's Disease: Review.
Reader response: Late-life blood pressure association with cerebrovascular and Alzheimer disease pathology.
Naproxen for presymptomatic Alzheimer disease: Is this the end, or shall we try again?
A novel approach to brain connectivity reveals early structural changes in Alzheimer's disease.
Follow-up for Alzheimer patients: European Alzheimer Disease Consortium position paper.
Biochemically-defined pools of amyloid-β in sporadic Alzheimer's disease: correlation with amyloid PET.
Addition of the Aβ42/40 ratio to the cerebrospinal fluid biomarker profile increases the predictive value for underlying Alzheimer's disease dementia in mild cognitive impairment.
[Late life depression or prodromal Alzheimer's disease: Which tools for the differential diagnosis?]
Pyroglutamate amyloid-β (Aβ): a hatchet man in Alzheimer disease.
Fluid-attenuated inversion recovery hypointensity of the pulvinar nucleus of patients with Alzheimer disease: its possible association with iron accumulation as evidenced by the t2(*) map.
Systems Biology Methods for Alzheimer's Disease Research Toward Molecular Signatures, Subtypes, and Stages and Precision Medicine: Application in Cohort Studies and Trials.
Rapidly progressive Alzheimer's disease features distinct structures of amyloid-β.
Role of phosphatidylcholine-DHA in preventing APOE4-associated Alzheimer's disease.
Cognitive functioning and quality of life: Diverging views of older adults with Alzheimer and professional care staff.
Gray Matter Changes Associated With the Development of Delusions in Alzheimer Disease.
Physiological fluctuations in white matter are increased in Alzheimer's disease and correlate with neuroimaging and cognitive biomarkers.
VDAC1, mitochondrial dysfunction, and Alzheimer's disease.
Protective effects of Alpinae Oxyphyllae Fructus extracts on lipopolysaccharide-induced animal model of Alzheimer's disease.
Insulin resistance, dyslipidemia, and apolipoprotein E interactions as mechanisms in cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's disease.
Immune attack: the role of inflammation in Alzheimer disease.
Truncation and Activation of Dual Specificity Tyrosine Phosphorylation-regulated Kinase 1A by Calpain I: A MOLECULAR MECHANISM LINKED TO TAU PATHOLOGY IN ALZHEIMER DISEASE.
Neuropathology and biochemistry of early onset familial Alzheimer's disease caused by presenilin-1 missense mutation Thr116Asn.
Amyloid positron emission tomography and cerebrospinal fluid results from a crenezumab anti-amyloid-beta antibody double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized phase II study in mild-to-moderate Alzheimer's disease (BLAZE).
Midlife personality and risk of Alzheimer disease and distress: A 38-year follow-up.
Alzheimer disease and diabetes mellitus: do they have anything in common?
Rivastigmine in the treatment of hypersexuality in Alzheimer disease.
Predicting the Rate of Cognitive Decline in Alzheimer Disease: Data From the ICTUS Study.
Association of Alzheimer disease pathology with abnormal lipid metabolism: the Hisayama Study.
Relationships between balance and cognition in patients with subjective cognitive impairment, mild cognitive impairment, and Alzheimer disease.
Safety, tolerability and immunogenicity of an active anti-Aβ<sub>40</sub> vaccine (ABvac40) in patients with Alzheimer's disease: a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled, phase I trial.
Alzheimer disease biomarkers and synucleinopathy.
Predicting Alzheimer Disease From Mild Cognitive Impairment With a Deep Belief Network Based on 18F-FDG-PET Images.
An exploratory investigation of brain-selective estrogen treatment in males using a mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
A Novel MicroRNA-124/PTPN1 Signal Pathway Mediates Synaptic and Memory Deficits in Alzheimer's Disease.
Neurodegeneration in ocular and central nervous systems: optical coherence tomography study in normal-tension glaucoma and Alzheimer disease.
Alzheimer disease: a tale of two prions.
Myeloid microvesicles in cerebrospinal fluid are associated with myelin damage and neuronal loss in mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer disease.
MRI-Based Screening of Preclinical Alzheimer's Disease for Prevention Clinical Trials.
Longitudinal study of the transition from healthy aging to Alzheimer disease.
Effect of APOE genotype status on targeted clinical trials outcomes and efficiency in dementia and mild cognitive impairment resulting from Alzheimer's disease.
Diabetes is Not Associated with Alzheimer's Disease Neuropathology.
A molecular hypothesis to explain direct and inverse co-morbidities between Alzheimer's Disease, Glioblastoma and Lung cancer.
TLR5 decoy receptor as a novel anti-amyloid therapeutic for Alzheimer's disease.
Short-Term Response to Cholinesterase Inhibitors in Alzheimer's Disease Delays Time to Nursing Home Placement.
Epilepsy in neuropathologically verified Alzheimer's disease.
<sup>11</sup>C-PBR28 PET detects translocator protein in a patient with astrocytoma and Alzheimer disease.
The association of antidepressant drug usage with cognitive impairment or dementia, including Alzheimer disease: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Classifying Alzheimer's disease with brain imaging and genetic data using a neural network framework.
Nuclear Factor Kappa-light-chain-enhancer of Activated B Cells (NF-κB) - a Friend, a Foe, or a Bystander - in the Neurodegenerative Cascade and Pathogenesis of Alzheimer's Disease.
The Effects of Gene Mutations on Default Mode Network in Familial Alzheimer's Disease.
Alzheimer Disease: Monotherapy vs. Combination Therapy.
Alzheimer disease: A novel human-mouse chimaeric model of Alzheimer disease.
Astrocytes secrete exosomes enriched with proapoptotic ceramide and prostate apoptosis response 4 (PAR-4): potential mechanism of apoptosis induction in Alzheimer disease (AD).
Long-Term Follow Up of Patients with Mild-to-Moderate Alzheimer's Disease Treated with Bapineuzumab in a Phase III, Open-Label, Extension Study.
Pharmacological doses of melatonin impede cognitive decline in tau-related Alzheimer models, once tauopathy is initiated, by restoring the autophagic flux.
Pyroglutamate amyloid β (Aβ) aggravates behavioral deficits in transgenic amyloid mouse model for Alzheimer disease.
Protein-Protein Interactions and Aggregation Inhibitors in Alzheimer's Disease.
Tau PET imaging predicts cognition in atypical variants of Alzheimer's disease.
Polygenic hazard score: an enrichment marker for Alzheimer's associated amyloid and tau deposition.
Sample Size Estimation for Alzheimer's Disease Trials from Japanese ADNI Serial Magnetic Resonance Imaging.
Biomarkers for insulin resistance and inflammation and the risk for all-cause dementia and alzheimer disease: results from the Framingham Heart Study.
Clinical and neurocognitive aspects of hallucinations in Alzheimer's disease.
What is 'Alzheimer's Disease'? The 'Auguste D' Case Re-opened.
β-amyloid fibrils in Alzheimer disease are not inert when bound to copper ions but can degrade hydrogen peroxide and generate reactive oxygen species.
Prediction of Relapse After Discontinuation of Antipsychotic Treatment in Alzheimer's Disease: The Role of Hallucinations.
Economic Burden, Mortality, and Institutionalization in Patients Newly Diagnosed with Alzheimer's Disease.
Alzheimer's disease.
Transforming Growth Factor Beta Type I Role in Neurodegeneration: Implications for Alzheimer´s Disease.
PART, a distinct tauopathy, different from classical sporadic Alzheimer disease.
Personalized medicine for effective Alzheimer disease treatment.
Examination of candidate exonic variants for association to Alzheimer disease in the Amish.
[Alzheimer's disease].
Anti-dementia drugs-related changes in gait performance while single and dual tasking in patients with Alzheimer disease: a meta-analysis.
The Intention to Discuss Advance Care Planning in the Context of Alzheimer's Disease Among Korean Americans.
Biliverdin reductase--a protein levels and activity in the brains of subjects with Alzheimer disease and mild cognitive impairment.
Resting-State Functional Connectivity in Subjective Cognitive Impairment: Impairment prior to Alzheimer Disease.
Staging Alzheimer's Disease Risk by Sequencing Brain Function and Structure, Cerebrospinal Fluid, and Cognition Biomarkers.
Self-rated and informant-rated everyday function in comparison to objective markers of Alzheimer's disease.
Differences in hippocampal subfield volume are seen in phenotypic variants of early onset Alzheimer's disease.
[Anti-ageing therapies in Alzheimer's disease].
Neuropathologic, genetic, and longitudinal cognitive profiles in primary age-related tauopathy (PART) and Alzheimer's disease.
Neuroinflammation in Alzheimer's disease.
Electromagnetic signatures of the preclinical and prodromal stages of Alzheimer's disease.
Quantification of Tau Load in Alzheimer's Disease Clinical Trials Using Positron Emission Tomography.
Extracellular Forms of Aβ and Tau from iPSC Models of Alzheimer's Disease Disrupt Synaptic Plasticity.
Cerebrospinal fluid tau cleaved by caspase-6 reflects brain levels and cognition in aging and Alzheimer disease.
Brain metabolic correlates of CSF Tau protein in a large cohort of Alzheimer's disease patients: A CSF and FDG PET study.
Age and neurodegeneration imaging biomarkers in persons with Alzheimer disease dementia.
Preliminary investigation of cognitive function in aged multiple sclerosis patients: Challenges in detecting comorbid Alzheimer's disease.
An early and late peak in microglial activation in Alzheimer's disease trajectory.
Tau deletion reduces plaque-associated BACE1 accumulation and decelerates plaque formation in a mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Alzheimer disease: CSF biomarkers for Alzheimer disease - approaching consensus.
Age, APOE and sex: Triad of risk of Alzheimer's disease.
The dynamics of cortical and hippocampal atrophy in Alzheimer disease.
Tau Pathology of Alzheimer Disease: Possible Role of Sleep Deprivation.
Influence of age on androgen deprivation therapy-associated Alzheimer's disease.
Development, Application, and Results from a Precision-medicine Platform that Personalizes Multi-modal Treatment Plans for Mild Alzheimer's Disease and At-risk Individuals.
Magnesium boosts the memory restorative effect of environmental enrichment in Alzheimer's disease mice.
Sexual Dimorphism and Hemispheric Asymmetry of Hippocampal Volumetric Integrity in Normal Aging and Alzheimer Disease.
Oxidative Stress Levels in the Brain Are Determined by Post-Mortem Interval and Ante-Mortem Vitamin C State but Not Alzheimer's Disease Status.
BACE1 SUMOylation increases its stability and escalates the protease activity in Alzheimer's disease.
Citalopram restores short-term memory deficit and non-cognitive behaviors in APP/PS1 mice while halting the advance of Alzheimer's disease-like pathology.
Reproducibility of hippocampal atrophy rates measured with manual, FreeSurfer, AdaBoost, FSL/FIRST and the MAPS-HBSI methods in Alzheimer's disease.
Epigenetic Factors in Late-Onset Alzheimer's Disease: <i>MTHFR</i> and <i>CTH</i> Gene Polymorphisms, Metabolic Transsulfuration and Methylation Pathways, and B Vitamins.
Personality factors moderate the associations between apolipoprotein genotype and cognitive function as well as late onset Alzheimer disease.
Alzheimer's Disease therapeutics: current and future therapies.
Family history and TOMM40 '523 interactive associations with memory in middle-aged and Alzheimer's disease cohorts.
A Common Variant of IL-6R is Associated with Elevated IL-6 Pathway Activity in Alzheimer's Disease Brains.
Imaging and Molecular Mechanisms of Alzheimer's Disease: A Review.
Lack of Benefit With Idalopirdine for Alzheimer Disease: Another Therapeutic Failure in a Complex Disease Process.
Statins and Brain Health: Alzheimer's Disease and Cerebrovascular Disease Biomarkers in Older Adults.
The End of the Beginning of the Alzheimer's Disease Nightmare: A Devil's Advocate's View.
Expression of regulatory proteins in choroid plexus changes in early stages of Alzheimer disease.
Deep brain stimulation for Alzheimer disease: a decision and cost-effectiveness analysis.
New horizons in the management of Alzheimer disease.
Flavonoids, cognition, and dementia: actions, mechanisms, and potential therapeutic utility for Alzheimer disease.
Cortical laminar binding of PET amyloid and tau tracers in Alzheimer disease.
Identification of genetic risk factors in the Chinese population implicates a role of immune system in Alzheimer's disease pathogenesis.
The Caregiver Burden of Delirium in Older Adults With Alzheimer Disease and Related Disorders.
Association Between Neuropsychiatric Symptom Trajectory and Conversion to Alzheimer Disease.
Modifiable risk factors for Alzheimer disease and subjective memory impairment across age groups.
Novel late-onset Alzheimer disease loci variants associate with brain gene expression.
The relationship between thyroid function and cerebral blood flow in mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's disease.
Chronic noise exposure and Alzheimer disease: Is there an etiological association?
Head to head comparison of [<sup>18</sup>F] AV-1451 and [<sup>18</sup>F] THK5351 for tau imaging in Alzheimer's disease and frontotemporal dementia.
The Alzheimer's prevention initiative composite cognitive test score: sample size estimates for the evaluation of preclinical Alzheimer's disease treatments in presenilin 1 E280A mutation carriers.
Neurogranin as a Cerebrospinal Fluid Biomarker for Synaptic Loss in Symptomatic Alzheimer Disease.
Pilot study utilizing MRI 3D TGSE PASL (arterial spin labeling) differentiating clearance rates of labeled protons in the CNS of patients with early Alzheimer disease from normal subjects.
Male sex hormones and systemic inflammation in Alzheimer disease.
Dysregulation of TLR5 and TAM Ligands in the Alzheimer's Brain as Contributors to Disease Progression.
Alzheimer disease therapeutics: focus on the disease and not just plaques and tangles.
Integrated analysis of genomics, longitudinal metabolomics, and Alzheimer's risk factors among 1,111 cohort participants.
Inhibition of Inflammation Mediated Through the Tumor Necrosis Factor α Biochemical Pathway Can Lead to Favorable Outcomes in Alzheimer Disease.
Autotaxin⁻Lysophosphatidic Acid Signaling in Alzheimer's Disease.
Microspectroscopy (μFTIR) reveals co-localization of lipid oxidation and amyloid plaques in human Alzheimer disease brains.
Inhibiting Acetylcholinesterase to Activate Pleiotropic Prodrugs with Therapeutic Interest in Alzheimer's Disease.
Effect of α-synuclein on amyloid β-induced toxicity: relevance to Lewy body variant of Alzheimer disease.
[Neurobehavioral manifestation in early period of Alzheimer disease and vascular dementia].
Alzheimer's disease: pathogenesis, diagnostics, and therapeutics.
Eye movement alterations during reading in patients with early Alzheimer disease.
Risk of incident clinical diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease-type dementia attributable to pathology-confirmed vascular disease.
The CYP19A1 rs3751592 variant confers susceptibility to Alzheimer disease in the Chinese Han population.
Apolipoprotein E metabolism and functions in brain and its role in Alzheimer's disease.
Current pharmacotherapy and putative disease-modifying therapy for Alzheimer's disease.
Intracerebral adeno-associated virus gene delivery of apolipoprotein E2 markedly reduces brain amyloid pathology in Alzheimer's disease mouse models.
Amyloid polymorphisms constitute distinct clouds of conformational variants in different etiological subtypes of Alzheimer's disease.
Alterations in cholesterol metabolism as a risk factor for developing Alzheimer's disease: Potential novel targets for treatment.
[Diagnosis contribution of biomarkers in Alzheimer disease: A case of frontotemporal dementia].
Antihypertensive drugs decrease risk of Alzheimer disease: Ginkgo Evaluation of Memory Study.
Lipid peroxidation triggers neurodegeneration: a redox proteomics view into the Alzheimer disease brain.
The Alzheimer disease BIN1 locus as a modifier of GBA-associated Parkinson disease.
The APOE ε4 Allele Is Associated with Lower Selenium Levels in the Brain: Implications for Alzheimer's Disease.
Efficacy and safety of a novel acetylcholinesterase inhibitor octohydroaminoacridine in mild-to-moderate Alzheimer's disease: a Phase II multicenter randomised controlled trial.
Relationship between atrophy and beta-amyloid deposition in Alzheimer disease.
Inflammasomes as therapeutic targets for Alzheimer's disease.
Effects of Diabetes Mellitus on Cognitive Decline in Patients With Alzheimer Disease.
Unrecognized preclinical Alzheimer disease confounds rs-fcMRI studies of normal aging.
Molecular pathophysiology of impaired glucose metabolism, mitochondrial dysfunction, and oxidative DNA damage in Alzheimer's disease brain.
Blood Brain Barrier and Alzheimer's Disease: Similarity and Dissimilarity of Molecular Alerts.
Metabotropic glutamate receptor 5 couples cellular prion protein to intracellular signalling in Alzheimer's disease.
Neuroprotective role of astaxanthin in hippocampal insulin resistance induced by Aβ peptides in animal model of Alzheimer's disease.
rCBF and cognitive impairment changes assessed by SPECT and ADAS-cog in late-onset Alzheimer's disease after 18 months of treatment with the cholinesterase inhibitors donepezil or galantamine.
Certified normal: Alzheimer's disease biomarkers and normative estimates of cognitive functioning.
Structural variation in amyloid-β fibrils from Alzheimer's disease clinical subtypes.
The soluble transcobalamin receptor (sCD320) in relation to Alzheimer's disease and cognitive scores.
Statins more than cholesterol lowering agents in Alzheimer disease: their pleiotropic functions as potential therapeutic targets.
Synaptosomal bioenergetic defects are associated with cognitive impairment in a transgenic rat model of early Alzheimer's disease.
Diagnosis and treatment of dementia: 1. Risk assessment and primary prevention of Alzheimer disease.
Prevalence and incidence of Alzheimer's disease in Europe: A meta-analysis.
[Alzheimer disease, memory and estrogen].
Butyrylcholinesterase K and Apolipoprotein E-ɛ4 Reduce the Age of Onset of Alzheimer's Disease, Accelerate Cognitive Decline, and Modulate Donepezil Response in Mild Cognitively Impaired Subjects.
Prions, prionoids and pathogenic proteins in Alzheimer disease.
Monoaminergic neuropathology in Alzheimer's disease.
Potential Clinical Value of Multiparametric PET in the Prediction of Alzheimer's Disease Progression.
Functional Status Predicts Awareness in Late-Onset but not in Early-Onset Alzheimer Disease.
[Olfactory function in patients with Alzheimer' disease].
Lymphocytes, Platelets, Erythrocytes, and Exosomes as Possible Biomarkers for Alzheimer's Disease Clinical Diagnosis.
Insulin reverses the high-fat diet-induced increase in brain Aβ and improves memory in an animal model of Alzheimer disease.
Vascular contribution to Alzheimer disease: predictors of rapid progression.
Viewing Retinal Vasculature in Alzheimer Disease.
Cdk5 protein inhibition and Aβ42 increase BACE1 protein level in primary neurons by a post-transcriptional mechanism: implications of CDK5 as a therapeutic target for Alzheimer disease.
Prolyl isomerase Pin1 promotes amyloid precursor protein (APP) turnover by inhibiting glycogen synthase kinase-3β (GSK3β) activity: novel mechanism for Pin1 to protect against Alzheimer disease.
Role of Ketogenic Diets in Neurodegenerative Diseases (Alzheimer's Disease and Parkinson's Disease).
Aspirin-triggered lipoxin A4 stimulates alternative activation of microglia and reduces Alzheimer disease-like pathology in mice.
Amylin receptor ligands reduce the pathological cascade of Alzheimer's disease.
Incidence of cerebral microbleeds in preclinical Alzheimer disease.
Current State of Digital Biomarker Technologies for Real-Life, Home-Based Monitoring of Cognitive Function for Mild Cognitive Impairment to Mild Alzheimer Disease and Implications for Clinical Care: Systematic Review.
Effect of apolipoprotein E on biomarkers of amyloid load and neuronal pathology in Alzheimer disease.
Slicing the cortex to study mental illness: Alois Alzheimer's pictures of equivalence.
Data-driven identification of endophenotypes of Alzheimer's disease progression: implications for clinical trials and therapeutic interventions.
Fibre-specific white matter reductions in Alzheimer's disease and mild cognitive impairment.
Detection of Alzheimer disease in MR images using structure tensor.
The emerging roles of protein homeostasis-governing pathways in Alzheimer's disease.
Modeling Multi-View Dependence in Bayesian Networks for Alzheimer's Disease Detection.
Unfinished Business in Preventing Alzheimer Disease.
Dual Role of Vitamin C on the Neuroinflammation Mediated Neurodegeneration and Memory Impairments in Colchicine Induced Rat Model of Alzheimer Disease.
Alzheimer disease in 2020.
The ROSAS Cohort: A Prospective, Longitudinal Study of Biomarkers for Alzheimer's Disease. Strategy, Methods and Initial Results.
Review of Decision-Making in Game Tasks in Elderly Participants with Alzheimer Disease and Mild Cognitive Impairment.
The Fall of Sleep K-Complex in Alzheimer Disease.
Long-term cortisol measures predict Alzheimer disease risk.
Effects of ramelteon on refractory behavioral and psychological symptoms of dementia in Alzheimer disease.
A longitudinal study of change in falls risk and balance and mobility in healthy older people and people with Alzheimer disease.
Seed-induced Aβ deposition is modulated by microglia under environmental enrichment in a mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
A pilot study on the effect of lactoferrin on Alzheimer's disease pathological sequelae: Impact of the p-Akt/PTEN pathway.
Association Between Lithium Use and Risk of Alzheimer's Disease.
Biomarkers for Alzheimer's disease: current status and prospects for the future.
Preclinical Alzheimer disease and risk of falls.
Plasma neurofilament light chain levels in Alzheimer's disease.
Effects of pharmacological and nonpharmacological treatments on brain functional magnetic resonance imaging in Alzheimer's disease and mild cognitive impairment: a critical review.
Epigenetics in Alzheimer's Disease: Perspective of DNA Methylation.
Addressing the ethical, policy, and social challenges of preclinical Alzheimer disease.
Association of branched-chain amino acids and other circulating metabolites with risk of incident dementia and Alzheimer's disease: A prospective study in eight cohorts.
Effect of Physical Activity on the Progression of Alzheimer's Disease: The Clinical Research Center for Dementia of South Korea Study.
Allocentric and Egocentric Spatial Processing in Middle-Aged Adults at High Risk of Late-Onset Alzheimer's Disease: The PREVENT Dementia Study.
Chronic Lithium Treatment Increases Telomere Length in Parietal Cortex and Hippocampus of Triple-Transgenic Alzheimer's Disease Mice.
Quinolone-benzylpiperidine derivatives as novel acetylcholinesterase inhibitor and antioxidant hybrids for Alzheimer disease.
Revolution of Resting-State Functional Neuroimaging Genetics in Alzheimer's Disease.
Dyrk1 inhibition improves Alzheimer's disease-like pathology.
The etiological effect of a new low-frequency <i>ESR1</i> variant on Mild Cognitive Impairment and Alzheimer's Disease: a population-based study.
[Rivastigmine as treatment for patients with mild to moderately severe Alzheimer disease under normal clinical practice conditions. The ENTERPRISE study].
CSF and blood biomarkers for the diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Longitudinal uncoupling of cerebral perfusion, glucose metabolism, and tau deposition in Alzheimer's disease.
A comprehensive genetic association study of Alzheimer disease in African Americans.
Trazodone and cognitive performance in Alzheimer disease.
Alzheimer's disease first symptoms are age dependent: Evidence from the NACC dataset.
Right hippocampus atrophy is independently associated with Alzheimer's disease with psychosis.
Higher homocysteine associated with thinner cortical gray matter in 803 participants from the Alzheimer's Disease Neuroimaging Initiative.
Variability in Obstacle Clearance May (Not) Indicate Cognitive Disorders in Alzheimer Disease.
Plant-based chimeric HPV-virus-like particles bearing amyloid-β epitopes elicit antibodies able to recognize amyloid plaques in APP-tg mouse and Alzheimer's disease brains.
Antiphospholipid syndrome induction exacerbates a transgenic Alzheimer disease model on a female background.
Targeting Apolipoprotein E for Alzheimer's Disease: An Industry Perspective.
Identification of Alzheimer disease risk genotype that predicts efficiency of SORL1 expression in the brain.
A pilot study on the relationship between thyroid status and neuropsychiatric symptoms in patients with Alzheimer disease.
Regional patterns of gray matter volume, hypometabolism, and beta-amyloid in groups at risk of Alzheimer's disease.
The association of neuropsychiatric symptoms in MCI with incident dementia and Alzheimer disease.
Multiplexing Biomarker Methods, Proteomics and Considerations for Alzheimer's Disease.
[Does Alzheimer's disease exist in all primates? Alzheimer pathology in non-human primates and its pathophysiological implications (I)].
Missense variants in CR1 are associated with increased risk of Alzheimer' disease in Han Chinese.
Using an Alzheimer Disease Polygenic Risk Score to Predict Memory Decline in Black and White Americans Over 14 Years of Follow-up.
β2 adrenergic receptor, protein kinase A (PKA) and c-Jun N-terminal kinase (JNK) signaling pathways mediate tau pathology in Alzheimer disease models.
Efficacy of psychosocial intervention in patients with mild Alzheimer's disease: the multicentre, rater blinded, randomised Danish Alzheimer Intervention Study (DAISY).
Markers of microglia in post-mortem brain samples from patients with Alzheimer's disease: a systematic review.
Alzheimer disease: To what extent can Alzheimer disease be prevented?
Erythrocyte membrane stability to hydrogen peroxide is decreased in Alzheimer disease.
Glycan biomarkers for Alzheimer disease correlate with T-tau and P-tau in cerebrospinal fluid in subjective cognitive impairment.
Multiregional analysis of global 5-methylcytosine and 5-hydroxymethylcytosine throughout the progression of Alzheimer's disease.
Frontal functions and activities of daily living in Alzheimer's disease.
Cerebral subcortical small vessel disease in subjects with pathologically confirmed Alzheimer disease: a clinicopathologic study in the Oxford Project to Investigate Memory and Ageing (OPTIMA).
A potential endophenotype for Alzheimer's disease: cerebrospinal fluid clusterin.
What are we trying to prevent in Alzheimer disease?
A core transcriptional signature of human microglia: Derivation and utility in describing region-dependent alterations associated with Alzheimer's disease.
Alzheimer's disease: review of hormone therapy trials and implications for treatment and prevention after menopause.
Microbiota Alterations in Alzheimer's Disease: Involvement of the Kynurenine Pathway and Inflammation.
Effects of progesterone on glucose uptake in neurons of Alzheimer's disease animals and cell models.
Study of lipids, insulin metabolism, and paraoxonase-2-311 polymorphism in patients with different subtypes of Alzheimer's disease (translated version).
Alzheimer disease: Biomarkers of AD risk - the end of the road for plasma amyloid-β?
Chemogenetic locus coeruleus activation restores reversal learning in a rat model of Alzheimer's disease.
Efficacy and safety of tau-aggregation inhibitor therapy in patients with mild or moderate Alzheimer's disease: a randomised, controlled, double-blind, parallel-arm, phase 3 trial.
Episodic Memory and Learning Dysfunction Over an 18-Month Period in Preclinical and Prodromal Alzheimer's Disease.
Chinese Herbal Medicine Xueshuantong Enhances Cerebral Blood Flow and Improves Neural Functions in Alzheimer's Disease Mice.
Differential effects of voluntary treadmill exercise and caloric restriction on tau pathogenesis in a mouse model of Alzheimer's disease-like tau pathology fed with Western diet.
Prefrontal Lobe Brain Reserve Capacity with Resistance to Higher Global Amyloid Load and White Matter Hyperintensity Burden in Mild Stage Alzheimer's Disease.
Alzheimer disease: BACE1 inhibitor reduces β-amyloid production in humans.
Modifying Rap1-signalling by targeting Pde6δ is neuroprotective in models of Alzheimer's disease.
Multi-Domain Transfer Learning for Early Diagnosis of Alzheimer's Disease.
Imaging markers for Alzheimer disease: which vs how.
Implementation of an Occupational Therapy Program for Alzheimer's Disease Patients in France: Patients' and Caregivers' Perspectives.
Effect of xixin decoction on O-linked N-acetylglucosamine glycosylation of tau proteins in rat brain with sporadic Alzheimer disease.
Progranulin mutations as risk factors for Alzheimer disease.
Polymorphism in Cytochrome P450 2D6, Glutathione S-Transferases Pi 1 Genes, and Organochlorine Pesticides in Alzheimer Disease: A Case-Control Study in North Indian Population.
Alterations in cholesterol metabolism-related genes in sporadic Alzheimer's disease.
Motivational reserve: motivation-related occupational abilities and risk of mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer disease.
[Alzheimer disease and other dementia in France: Identification, management and neuroleptic use (2007-2009)].
Oral reading fluency analysis in patients with Alzheimer disease and asymptomatic control subjects.
Re-imagining Alzheimer's disease - the diminishing importance of amyloid and a glimpse of what lies ahead.
Efficacy and Safety of MLC601 in Patients with Mild to Moderate Alzheimer Disease: An Extension 4-Year Follow-Up Study.
Genetic and Real-World Clinical Data, Combined with Empirical Validation, Nominate Jak-Stat Signaling as a Target for Alzheimer's Disease Therapeutic Development.
Reduction of the expression of the late-onset Alzheimer's disease (AD) risk-factor <i>BIN1</i> does not affect amyloid pathology in an AD mouse model.
Prevalence of Sinusitis Detected by Magnetic Resonance Imaging in Subjects with Dementia or Alzheimer's Disease.
Novel Approaches for the Treatment of Alzheimer's and Parkinson's Disease.
Activated iron-containing microglia in the human hippocampus identified by magnetic resonance imaging in Alzheimer disease.
Malnutrition is associated with dementia severity and geriatric syndromes in patients with Alzheimer disease.
Potential genetic biomarkers in the early diagnosis of Alzheimer disease: APOE and BIN1.
Cardiac safety of donepezil in elderly patients with Alzheimer disease.
Discovery and validation of autosomal dominant Alzheimer's disease mutations.
18F-FDG and 18F-florbetapir PET in clinical practice: regional analysis in mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer disease.
Modern care for patients with Alzheimer disease: rationale for early intervention.
S-nitrosylation of Cdk5: potential implications in amyloid-β-related neurotoxicity in Alzheimer disease.
Desire for predictive testing for Alzheimer's disease and impact on advance care planning: a cross-sectional study.
New diagnostic method for Alzheimer's disease based on the toxic conformation theory of amyloid β.
Anosognosia Is an Independent Predictor of Conversion From Mild Cognitive Impairment to Alzheimer's Disease and Is Associated With Reduced Brain Metabolism.
Evaluating functional connectivity of executive control network and frontoparietal network in Alzheimer's disease.
Alzheimer disease pathology and longitudinal cognitive performance in the oldest-old with no dementia.
Biophysical Aspects of Alzheimer's Disease: Implications for Pharmaceutical Sciences : Theme: Drug Discovery, Development and Delivery in Alzheimer's Disease Guest Editor: Davide Brambilla.
Does Alzheimer Disease Pathologic Change Underlie Subjective Cognitive Complaints?
Bridging Type 2 Diabetes and Alzheimer's Disease: Assembling the Puzzle Pieces in the Quest for the Molecules With Therapeutic and Preventive Potential.
A rapid and sensitive fluorescence method for detecting urine formaldehyde in patients with Alzheimer's disease.
Sodium phenylbutyrate enhances astrocytic neurotrophin synthesis via protein kinase C (PKC)-mediated activation of cAMP-response element-binding protein (CREB): implications for Alzheimer disease therapy.
Diverging Progression of Network Disruption and Atrophy in Alzheimer's Disease and Semantic Dementia.
Clinical validity of delayed recall tests as a gateway biomarker for Alzheimer's disease in the context of a structured 5-phase development framework.
Evidence for astrocytosis in prodromal Alzheimer disease provided by 11C-deuterium-L-deprenyl: a multitracer PET paradigm combining 11C-Pittsburgh compound B and 18F-FDG.
TREM2-activating antibodies abrogate the negative pleiotropic effects of the Alzheimer's disease variant <i>Trem2</i><sup>R47H</sup> on murine myeloid cell function.
Synthesis and biological evaluation of 3-arylcoumarins as potential anti-Alzheimer's disease agents.
Vascular contributions to cognitive impairment, clinical Alzheimer's disease, and dementia in older persons.
[Clinical Implications and Appropriate Use of Amyloid Imaging with florbetapir (<sup>18</sup>F) in Diagnosis of Patients with Alzheimer Disease].
Luteolin as a potential preventive and therapeutic candidate for Alzheimer's disease.
Cognition enhancing effect of the aqueous extract of Cinnamomum zeylanicum on non-transgenic Alzheimer's disease rat model: Biochemical, histological, and behavioural studies.
Perception of Fechner Illusory Colors in Alzheimer Disease Patients.
Revealing heterogeneity of brain imaging phenotypes in Alzheimer's disease based on unsupervised clustering of blood marker profiles.
[Changes in drug management of Alzheimer's disease in nursing homes: Impact of the media campaign against specific drugs for Alzheimer's disease].
Risk profiles of Alzheimer disease.
Retention of Alzheimer Disease Research Participants.
Single-cell transcriptomic analysis of Alzheimer's disease.
Anti-Inflammatory Activity of A Polyphenolic Extract from <i>Arabidopsis thaliana</i> in In Vitro and In Vivo Models of Alzheimer's Disease.
Phosphoproteomics of Alzheimer disease brain: Insights into altered brain protein regulation of critical neuronal functions and their contributions to subsequent cognitive loss.
Type II Diabetes Interacts With Alzheimer Disease Risk Factors to Predict Functional Decline.
A state of delirium: Deciphering the effect of inflammation on tau pathology in Alzheimer's disease.
Brain collection, standardized neuropathologic assessment, and comorbidity in Alzheimer's Disease Neuroimaging Initiative 2 participants.
HDAC3 negatively regulates spatial memory in a mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Patterns and severity of vascular amyloid in Alzheimer's disease associated with duplications and missense mutations in APP gene, Down syndrome and sporadic Alzheimer's disease.
Pyroglutamation of amyloid-βx-42 (Aβx-42) followed by Aβ1-40 deposition underlies plaque polymorphism in progressing Alzheimer's disease pathology.
Folate/Vitamin B Alleviates Hyperhomocysteinemia-Induced Alzheimer-Like Pathologies in Rat Retina.
Regional cerebral perfusion alterations in patients with mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer disease using dynamic susceptibility contrast MRI.
Mapping the neuroanatomy of functional decline in Alzheimer's disease from basic to advanced activities of daily living.
Glutamatergic alterations and mitochondrial impairment in a murine model of Alzheimer disease.
Effects of a feeding intervention in patients with Alzheimer's disease and dysphagia.
Deep sparse multi-task learning for feature selection in Alzheimer's disease diagnosis.
Alzheimer's Disease: Insights from Genetic Mouse Models and Current Advances in Human IPSC-Derived Neurons.
Diagnostic and Prognostic Value of the Combination of Two Measures of Verbal Memory in Mild Cognitive Impairment due to Alzheimer's Disease.
The Janus face of the heme oxygenase/biliverdin reductase system in Alzheimer disease: it's time for reconciliation.
Tau missorting and spastin-induced microtubule disruption in neurodegeneration: Alzheimer Disease and Hereditary Spastic Paraplegia.
Narrative discourse in dementia with Lewy bodies and Alzheimer's disease.
Elevated DNA methylation across a 48-kb region spanning the HOXA gene cluster is associated with Alzheimer's disease neuropathology.
A Parallel Reaction Monitoring Mass Spectrometric Method for Analysis of Potential CSF Biomarkers for Alzheimer's Disease.
Mechanisms Associated with Type 2 Diabetes as a Risk Factor for Alzheimer-Related Pathology.
Low Prevalence and Clinical Effect of Vascular Risk Factors in Early-Onset Alzheimer's Disease.
Risk of decline in functional activities in dementia with Lewy bodies and Alzheimer disease.
Multitasking Microglia and Alzheimer's Disease: Diversity, Tools and Therapeutic Targets.
The connection between MCI and Alzheimer disease: neurocognitive clues.
Evaluation of retinal nerve fiber layer thickness in Alzheimer disease using spectral-domain optical coherence tomography.
Alzheimer disease, inflammation, and novel inflammatory marker: resistin.
Inverse relationship between Alzheimer's disease and cancer, and other factors contributing to Alzheimer's disease: a systematic review.
Frontal Variant Alzheimer Disease or Frontotemporal Lobe Degeneration With Incidental Amyloidosis?
Verbal list learning and memory profiles in HIV-infected adults, Alzheimer's disease, and Parkinson's disease: An evaluation of the "cortical hypothesis" of NeuroAIDS.
Blink Reflex May Help Discriminate Alzheimer Disease From Vascular Dementia.
Lysophosphatidylcholine and amide as metabolites for detecting alzheimer disease using ultrahigh-performance liquid chromatography-quadrupole time-of-flight mass spectrometry-based metabonomics.
PLXNA4 is associated with Alzheimer disease and modulates tau phosphorylation.
Alzheimer's Disease: A Review from the Pathophysiology to Diagnosis, New Perspectives for Pharmacological Treatment.
Effects of Spiritual Group Therapy on Caregiver Strain in Home Caregivers of the Elderly with Alzheimer's Disease.
ABCA7 rare variants and Alzheimer disease risk.
Protective roles of melatonin against the amyloid-dependent development of Alzheimer's disease: A critical review.
Memory performance-related dynamic brain connectivity indicates pathological burden and genetic risk for Alzheimer's disease.
Neuro-inflammation and anti-inflammatory treatment options for Alzheimer's disease.
Effects of Light Treatment on Sleep, Cognition, Mood, and Behavior in Alzheimer's Disease: A Systematic Review.
Characterization of isolated tau-reactive antibodies from the IVIG product, plasma of patients with Alzheimer's disease and cognitively normal individuals.
Oral health care for patients with Alzheimer's disease: An update.
Altered levels of amyloid precursor protein intracellular domain-interacting proteins in Alzheimer disease.
Combined experimental and simulation studies suggest a revised mode of action of the anti-Alzheimer disease drug NQ-Trp.
Prediction of dementia in MCI patients based on core diagnostic markers for Alzheimer disease.
Genome-wide pleiotropy analysis of neuropathological traits related to Alzheimer's disease.
Melatonin receptor type 1A gene linked to Alzheimer's disease in old age.
Inhibition of mTOR protects the blood-brain barrier in models of Alzheimer's disease and vascular cognitive impairment.
A vaccine against Alzheimer`s disease: anything left but faith?
Serotonin augmentation therapy by escitalopram has minimal effects on amyloid-β levels in early-stage Alzheimer's-like disease in mice.
Delta-Secretase Phosphorylation by SRPK2 Enhances Its Enzymatic Activity, Provoking Pathogenesis in Alzheimer's Disease.
Dementia in 2012: Further insights into Alzheimer disease pathogenesis.
Assessment of the Genetic Architecture of Alzheimer's Disease Risk in Rate of Memory Decline.
Cognitive Variability Predicts Incident Alzheimer's Disease and Mild Cognitive Impairment Comparable to a Cerebrospinal Fluid Biomarker.
KIAA1462, a coronary artery disease associated gene, is a candidate gene for late onset Alzheimer disease in APOE carriers.
Amyloid-β plaque formation and reactive gliosis are required for induction of cognitive deficits in App knock-in mouse models of Alzheimer's disease.
Does serum uric acid act as a modulator of cerebrospinal fluid Alzheimer's disease biomarker related cognitive decline?
Resveratrol regulates neuro-inflammation and induces adaptive immunity in Alzheimer's disease.
Neuroprotective effect of hesperetin and nano-hesperetin on recognition memory impairment and the elevated oxygen stress in rat model of Alzheimer's disease.
Providing quality palliative care in end-stage Alzheimer disease.
Analysis of the Relationship of Cognitive Impairment and Functional Impairment in Mild Alzheimer's Disease in EXPEDITION 3.
Is 'friendly fire' in the brain provoking Alzheimer's disease?
Peripheral versus Central Index of Metabolic Dysfunction and Associations with Clinical and Pathological Outcomes in Alzheimer's Disease.
Effects of Regular and Long-Acting Insulin on Cognition and Alzheimer's Disease Biomarkers: A Pilot Clinical Trial.
Autotaxin is Related to Metabolic Dysfunction and Predicts Alzheimer's Disease Outcomes.
Heterogeneity of Alzheimer's disease: consequence for drug trials?
Factors influencing accuracy of cortical thickness in the diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease.
A 'Framingham-like' Algorithm for Predicting 4-Year Risk of Progression to Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment or Alzheimer's Disease Using Multidomain Information.
Transgenic autoinhibition of p21-activated kinase exacerbates synaptic impairments and fronto-dependent behavioral deficits in an animal model of Alzheimer's disease.
Executive Functions in Alzheimer Disease: A Systematic Review.
Association of longitudinal white matter degeneration and cerebrospinal fluid biomarkers of neurodegeneration, inflammation and Alzheimer's disease in late-middle-aged adults.
Reducing disability via a family centered intervention for acutely ill persons with Alzheimer's disease and related dementias: protocol of a cluster-randomized controlled trial (Fam-FFC study).
Alteration of the Wnt/GSK3β/β‑catenin signalling pathway by rapamycin ameliorates pathology in an Alzheimer's disease model.
Plasma apolipoprotein E and Alzheimer disease risk: the AIBL study of aging.
Temporal association patterns and dynamics of amyloid-β and tau in Alzheimer's disease.
Phase 3 trials of solanezumab for mild-to-moderate Alzheimer's disease.
Associations of event-related brain potentials and Alzheimer's disease severity: A longitudinal study.
The contribution of small vessel disease to subtypes of Alzheimer's disease: a study on cerebrospinal fluid and imaging biomarkers.
Neurodegenerative disease phenotypes in carriers of MAPT p.A152T, a risk factor for frontotemporal dementia spectrum disorders and Alzheimer disease.
"Will I get Alzheimer disease?" when cognitively normal patients ask to be tested for Alzheimer disease.
NEDD9 gene polymorphism influences the risk of Alzheimer disease and cognitive function in Chinese older persons.
Expression of familial Alzheimer disease presenilin 1 gene attenuates vesicle traffic and reduces peptide secretion in cultured astrocytes devoid of pathologic tissue environment.
Are Raw Scores on Memory Tests Better than Age- and Education- Adjusted Scores for Predicting Progression from Amnesic Mild Cognitive Impairment to Alzheimer Disease ?
Early-stage reduction of the dendritic complexity in basolateral amygdala of a transgenic mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Aspirin Induces Lysosomal Biogenesis and Attenuates Amyloid Plaque Pathology in a Mouse Model of Alzheimer's Disease via PPARα.
Concordance between brain <sup>18</sup>F-FDG PET and cerebrospinal fluid biomarkers in diagnosing Alzheimer's disease.
Blood Pressure and the Risk of Alzheimer's Disease: Is There a Link?
Cortical microstructural changes along the Alzheimer's disease continuum.
Dysregulation of neuronal calcium homeostasis in Alzheimer's disease - A therapeutic opportunity?
The cerebellum in Alzheimer's disease: evaluating its role in cognitive decline.
Anatomical heterogeneity of Alzheimer disease: based on cortical thickness on MRIs.
[β Amyloid Hypothesis in Alzheimer's Disease:Pathogenesis,Prevention,and Management].
A Snapshot on the Current Status of Alzheimer's Disease, Treatment Perspectives, in-Vitro and in-Vivo Research Studies and Future Opportunities.
<sup>18</sup>F-FDG PET hypometabolism patterns reflect clinical heterogeneity in sporadic forms of early-onset Alzheimer's disease.
Functional impairment in elderly patients with mild cognitive impairment and mild Alzheimer disease.
False Memories in Alzheimer's Disease: Intact Semantic Priming But Impaired Production of Critical Lures.
Alzheimer's Disease Computer-Aided Diagnosis: Histogram-Based Analysis of Regional MRI Volumes for Feature Selection and Classification.
Alzheimer disease: from inherited to sporadic AD-crossing the biomarker bridge.
Decreased expression and increased oxidation of plasma haptoglobin in Alzheimer disease: Insights from redox proteomics.
Postoperative cognitive dysfunction related to Alzheimer disease?
Current Concepts of Neurodegenerative Mechanisms in Alzheimer's Disease.
Cerebrospinal fluid markers detect Alzheimer's disease in nonamnestic dementia.
Ocular amyloid imaging at the crossroad of Alzheimer's disease and age-related macular degeneration: implications for diagnosis and therapy.
Sensitivity of restriction spectrum imaging to memory and neuropathology in Alzheimer's disease.
Combination therapy with octyl gallate and ferulic acid improves cognition and neurodegeneration in a transgenic mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Huannao Yicong Decoction () extract reduces inflammation and cell apoptosis in Aβ<sub>1-42</sub>-induced Alzheimer's disease model of rats.
A phase 2 multiple ascending dose trial of bapineuzumab in mild to moderate Alzheimer disease.
Common and divergent neural correlates of anomia in amnestic and logopenic presentations of Alzheimer's disease.
Oxidative stress mediated mitochondrial and vascular lesions as markers in the pathogenesis of Alzheimer disease.
The Economic Impact of New Therapeutic Interventions on Neuropsychiatric Inventory (NPI) Symptom Scores in Patients with Alzheimer Disease.
PF-04494700, an oral inhibitor of receptor for advanced glycation end products (RAGE), in Alzheimer disease.
Challenges associated with transition to caregiver role following diagnostic disclosure of Alzheimer disease: a descriptive study.
A complex association of ABCA7 genotypes with sporadic Alzheimer disease in Chinese Han population.
ERα Gene Promoter Methylation in Cognitive Function and Quality of Life of Patients With Alzheimer Disease.
Neocortical origin and progression of gray matter atrophy in nonamnestic Alzheimer's disease.
Down syndrome and Alzheimer's disease: Common pathways, common goals.
Evidence for transmissibility of Alzheimer disease pathology: Cause for concern?
Saitohin Q7R polymorphism is associated with late-onset Alzheimer's disease susceptibility among caucasian populations: a meta-analysis.
Transcriptomic Insights into the Response of the Olfactory Bulb to Selenium Treatment in a Mouse Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
Sexual dimorphism in predisposition to Alzheimer's disease.
Expression of neurogenic markers in Alzheimer's disease: a systematic review and metatranscriptional analysis.
Proinflammatory and anti-inflammatory cytokines in the CSF of patients with Alzheimer's disease and their correlation with cognitive decline.
Transactive response DNA-binding protein 43 burden in familial Alzheimer disease and Down syndrome.
Blood Pressure and Cerebral Blood Flow in Alzheimer Disease.
A whole-brain computational modeling approach to explain the alterations in resting-state functional connectivity during progression of Alzheimer's disease.
Mechanism of amyloid removal in patients with Alzheimer disease treated with gantenerumab.
Effect of BDNFVal66Met on disease markers in dominantly inherited Alzheimer's disease.
Hearing impairment and risk of Alzheimer's disease: a meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
<i>APOE</i> is a correlate of phenotypic heterogeneity in Alzheimer disease in a national cohort.
Phenotyping apathy in individuals with Alzheimer disease using functional principal component analysis.
Effect of rhythmic auditory cueing on gait in people with Alzheimer disease.
Relation of plasma selenium and lipid peroxidation end products in patients with Alzheimer's disease.
Functional connectivity associated with tau levels in ageing, Alzheimer's, and small vessel disease.
Deep proteomic network analysis of Alzheimer's disease brain reveals alterations in RNA binding proteins and RNA splicing associated with disease.
Reduced penetrance of the PSEN1 H163Y autosomal dominant Alzheimer mutation: a 22-year follow-up study.
New therapeutic targeting of Alzheimer's disease with the potential use of proline-rich polypeptide complex to modulate an innate immune response - preliminary study.
Hypothalamic-pituitary-thyroid axis in patients with Alzheimer disease (AD).
Neuronal pentraxin 1: A synaptic-derived plasma biomarker in Alzheimer's disease.
Alzheimer's disease diagnosis based on multiple cluster dense convolutional networks.
Identification of Conversion from Normal Elderly Cognition to Alzheimer's Disease using Multimodal Support Vector Machine.
Graph-guided joint prediction of class label and clinical scores for the Alzheimer's disease.
FRET-based calcium imaging: a tool for high-throughput/content phenotypic drug screening in Alzheimer disease.
Characterization of white matter changes along fibers by automated fiber quantification in the early stages of Alzheimer's disease.
[Beneficial effect of a cognitive behavioral and multidisciplinary program in Alzheimer Disease on spouse caregiver anxiety: French study ELMMA].
Molecular Inverse Comorbidity between Alzheimer's Disease and Lung Cancer: New Insights from Matrix Factorization.
Mutation-induced loss of APP function causes GABAergic depletion in recessive familial Alzheimer's disease: analysis of Osaka mutation-knockin mice.
A novel Alzheimer's disease drug candidate targeting inflammation and fatty acid metabolism.
Genome-wide association analysis of secondary imaging phenotypes from the Alzheimer's disease neuroimaging initiative study.
Cerebral blood flow and Alzheimer's disease-related biomarkers in cerebrospinal fluid in idiopathic normal pressure hydrocephalus.
Memory deficiency, cerebral amyloid angiopathy, and amyloid-β plaques in APP+PS1 double transgenic rat model of Alzheimer's disease.
Optogenetic stimulation of dentate gyrus engrams restores memory in Alzheimer's disease mice.
The novel PSEN1 M84V mutation associated to frontal dysexecutive syndrome, spastic paraparesis, and cerebellar atrophy in a dominant Alzheimer's disease family.
Neurofibrillary tangles and plaques are not accompanied by white matter pathology in aged triple transgenic-Alzheimer disease mice.
The effect of APOE genotype on the delivery of DHA to cerebrospinal fluid in Alzheimer's disease.
A data-driven model of biomarker changes in sporadic Alzheimer's disease.
MxA polymorphisms are associated with risk and age-at-onset in Alzheimer disease and accelerated cognitive decline in Chinese elders.
Soluble TREM2 ameliorates pathological phenotypes by modulating microglial functions in an Alzheimer's disease model.
Alzheimer Disease.
Imaging and rare APOE alleles: Alzheimer disease as a developmental disorder.
Aβ-Degrading Proteases: Therapeutic Potential in Alzheimer Disease.
Mitochondrial DNA mutations increase in early stage Alzheimer disease and are inconsistent with oxidative damage.
Expression Profiles of Long Noncoding RNAs in Intranasal LPS-Mediated Alzheimer's Disease Model in Mice.
Amyloid and tau signatures of brain metabolic decline in preclinical Alzheimer's disease.
Inhibition of glycogen synthase kinase-3 ameliorates β-amyloid pathology and restores lysosomal acidification and mammalian target of rapamycin activity in the Alzheimer disease mouse model: in vivo and in vitro studies.
Bapineuzumab for mild to moderate Alzheimer's disease in two global, randomized, phase 3 trials.
Ebselen ameliorates β-amyloid pathology, tau pathology, and cognitive impairment in triple-transgenic Alzheimer's disease mice.
Identification of Alzheimer's disease and mild cognitive impairment using multimodal sparse hierarchical extreme learning machine.
APOE4-specific changes in Aβ accumulation in a new transgenic mouse model of Alzheimer disease.
Do proteomics analyses provide insights into reduced oxidative stress in the brain of an Alzheimer disease transgenic mouse model with an M631L amyloid precursor protein substitution and thereby the importance of amyloid-beta-resident methionine 35 in Alzheimer disease pathogenesis?
Prodromal Alzheimer's Disease Demonstrates Increased Errors at a Simple and Automated Anti-Saccade Task.
The MMSE should not be the sole indicator of fitness to drive in mild Alzheimer's dementia.
Regional rates of neocortical atrophy from normal aging to early Alzheimer disease.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation predicts cognitive decline in patients with Alzheimer's disease.
Copper-2 Hypothesis for Causation of the Current Alzheimer's Disease Epidemic Together with Dietary Changes That Enhance the Epidemic.
Diverging longitudinal changes in astrocytosis and amyloid PET in autosomal dominant Alzheimer's disease.
Prescribing Cholinesterase Inhibitors for Alzheimer Disease: Timing Matters.
Waking Up to the Importance of Sleep in the Pathogenesis of Alzheimer Disease.
[Hearing loss and Alzheimer's disease].
Improved proteostasis in the secretory pathway rescues Alzheimer's disease in the mouse.
Alzheimer disease pathology in subjects without dementia in 2 studies of aging: the Nun Study and the Adult Changes in Thought Study.
Depression: a shared risk factor for cardiovascular and Alzheimer disease.
A novel synbiotic delays Alzheimer's disease onset via combinatorial gut-brain-axis signaling in Drosophila melanogaster.
Prominent Non-Memory Deficits in Alzheimer's Disease Are Associated with Faster Disease Progression.
Associations of acetylcholinesterase inhibitor treatment with reduced mortality in Alzheimer's disease: a retrospective survival analysis.
Neuroprotective effects of CD4+CD25+Foxp3+ regulatory T cells in a 3xTg-AD Alzheimer's disease model.
Brainstem tau pathology in Alzheimer's disease is characterized by increase of three repeat tau and independent of amyloid β.
Red Ginseng Attenuates Aβ-Induced Mitochondrial Dysfunction and Aβ-mediated Pathology in an Animal Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
Age- and Brain Region-Specific Changes of Glucose Metabolic Disorder, Learning, and Memory Dysfunction in Early Alzheimer's Disease Assessed in APP/PS1 Transgenic Mice Using <sup>18</sup>F-FDG-PET.
Comparative Gene-Expression Analysis of Alzheimer's Disease Progression with Aging in Transgenic Mouse Model.
A Quarter Century of APOE and Alzheimer's Disease: Progress to Date and the Path Forward.
18F PET with flutemetamol for the early diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease dementia and other dementias in people with mild cognitive impairment (MCI).
Associations Between Genetic Variants in 19p13 and 19q13 Regions and Susceptibility to Alzheimer Disease: A Meta-Analysis.
Deterioration of semantic associative relationships in mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer Disease.
Dual-task as a predictor of falls in older people with mild cognitive impairment and mild Alzheimer's disease: a prospective cohort study.
Relation of cerebral vessel disease to Alzheimer's disease dementia and cognitive function in elderly people: a cross-sectional study.
Presymptomatic atrophy in autosomal dominant Alzheimer's disease: A serial magnetic resonance imaging study.
Risk Factors, Neuroanatomical Correlates, and Outcome of Neuropsychiatric Symptoms in Alzheimer's Disease.
Difference in imaging biomarkers of neurodegeneration between early and late-onset amnestic Alzheimer's disease.
Alzheimer disease: Aβ-independent processes-rethinking preclinical AD.
Alzheimer disease. Donepezil and nursing home placement--benefits and costs.
Pittsburgh compound B-negative dementia: a possibility of misdiagnosis of patients with non-alzheimer disease-type dementia as having AD.
Reducing Aβ load and tau phosphorylation: Emerging perspective for treating Alzheimer's disease.
Clinical-Neuropathological Correlations of Alzheimer's Disease and Related Dementias in Latino Volunteers.
TLR4 Gene Expression and Pro-Inflammatory Cytokines in Alzheimer's Disease and in Response to Hippocampal Deafferentation in Rodents.
Brain imaging and cognitive predictors of stroke and Alzheimer disease in the Framingham Heart Study.
[A family with early-onset Alzheimer disease].
The role of ryanodine receptor type 3 in a mouse  model of Alzheimer disease.
Qualitative Analysis of Mini Mental State Examination Pentagon in Vascular Dementia and Alzheimer's Disease: A Longitudinal Explorative Study.
Long-term thiazide use and risk of low-energy fractures among persons with Alzheimer's disease-nested case-control study.
Paradigm shift from diagnosing patients based on common symptoms to categorizing patients into subtypes with different pathogenic mechanisms to guide treatment for Alzheimer's disease.
Synthesis and in vitro characterization of a P2X7 radioligand [<sup>123</sup>I]TZ6019 and its response to neuroinflammation in a mouse model of Alzheimer disease.
A two-step immunoassay for the simultaneous assessment of Aβ38, Aβ40 and Aβ42 in human blood plasma supports the Aβ42/Aβ40 ratio as a promising biomarker candidate of Alzheimer's disease.
Repurposing diabetes drugs for brain insulin resistance in Alzheimer disease.
Instantiated mixed effects modeling of Alzheimer's disease markers.
Genetic Modifiers of Age at Onset in Carriers of the G206A Mutation in PSEN1 With Familial Alzheimer Disease Among Caribbean Hispanics.
Visual signs and symptoms in patients with the visual variant of Alzheimer disease.
Sleep quality of spousal caregivers is associated with neuropsychiatric symptoms and living ability of patients with Alzheimer disease.
The Role of Alzheimer's and Cerebrovascular Pathology in Mediating the Effects of Age, Race, and Apolipoprotein E Genotype on Dementia Severity in Pathologically-Confirmed Alzheimer's Disease.
Clinically relevant anxiety and risk of Alzheimer's disease in an elderly community sample: 4.5 years of follow-up.
Pittsburgh compound B and the postmortem diagnosis of Alzheimer disease.
Neuropsychological Markers of Cognitive Decline in Persons With Alzheimer Disease Neuropathology.
Traumatic Brain Injury Alters the Metabolism and Facilitates Alzheimer's Disease in a Murine Model.
Quantitative MRI to understand Alzheimer's disease pathophysiology.
Biomarkers and Functional Decline in Prodromal Alzheimer's Disease.
Brain Regions Involved in Arousal and Reward Processing are Associated with Apathy in Alzheimer's Disease and Frontotemporal Dementia.
Effect of CR1 Genetic Variants on Cerebrospinal Fluid and Neuroimaging Biomarkers in Healthy, Mild Cognitive Impairment and Alzheimer's Disease Cohorts.
Effects of breviscapine on amyloid beta 1-42 induced Alzheimer's disease mice: A HPLC-QTOF-MS based plasma metabonomics study.
Current treatments for patients with Alzheimer disease.
Alzheimer disease: Blood amyloid-β successfully signals AD.
APOE effect on Alzheimer's disease biomarkers in older adults with significant memory concern.
The blood brain barrier in Alzheimer's disease.
Prevalence of Frailty in Mild to Moderate Alzheimer's Disease: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.
Emerging pathways to neurodegeneration: Dissecting the critical molecular mechanisms in Alzheimer's disease, Parkinson's disease.
Exploratory data from complete genomes of familial alzheimer disease age-at-onset outliers.
Formulation of evidence-based messages to promote the use of physical activity to prevent and manage Alzheimer's disease.
Inhibition of hematopoietic cell kinase dysregulates microglial function and accelerates early stage Alzheimer's disease-like neuropathology.
Tracking the earliest pathologic changes in Alzheimer disease.
A comparative evaluation of treatments with 17β-estradiol and its brain-selective prodrug in a double-transgenic mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Synaptic proteins predict cognitive decline in Alzheimer's disease and Lewy body dementia.
Genetic risk for alzheimer disease is distinct from genetic risk for amyloid deposition.
Role of inflammatory and hemostatic biomarkers in Alzheimer's and vascular dementia - A pilot study from a tertiary center in Northern India.
The Neuroprotective Properties of Hericium erinaceus in Glutamate-Damaged Differentiated PC12 Cells and an Alzheimer's Disease Mouse Model.
Training recurrent neural networks robust to incomplete data: Application to Alzheimer's disease progression modeling.
Quantitative proteomics identifies altered O-GlcNAcylation of structural, synaptic and memory-associated proteins in Alzheimer's disease.
PTK2B/Pyk2 overexpression improves a mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
A novel oxidative stress marker in patients with Alzheimer's disease: dynamic thiol-disulphide homeostasis.
Central Review of Amyloid-Related Imaging Abnormalities in Two Phase III Clinical Trials of Bapineuzumab in Mild-To-Moderate Alzheimer's Disease Patients.
Multi-Modality Cascaded Convolutional Neural Networks for Alzheimer's Disease Diagnosis.
Plasma amyloid beta levels and platelet mitochondrial respiration in patients with Alzheimer's disease.
CSF soluble amyloid precursor proteins in the diagnosis of incipient Alzheimer disease.
Effect of cholinergic treatment depends on cholinergic integrity in early Alzheimer's disease.
Preclinical Models of Alzheimer's Disease: Relevance and Translational Validity.
Heterozygous knockout of cytosolic phospholipase A<sub>2α</sub> attenuates Alzheimer's disease pathology in APP/PS1 transgenic mice.
Lipid Biomarkers in Alzheimer's Disease.
Nanotechnology in Personalized Medicine: A Promising Tool for Alzheimer's Disease Treatment.
Pittsburgh compound B imaging and prediction of progression from cognitive normality to symptomatic Alzheimer disease.
Differential longitudinal decline on the Mini-Mental State Examination in frontotemporal lobar degeneration and Alzheimer disease.
Anti-inflammatory and cognitive effects of interferon-β1a (IFNβ1a) in a rat model of Alzheimer's disease.
AF710B, an M1/sigma-1 receptor agonist with long-lasting disease-modifying properties in a transgenic rat model of Alzheimer's disease.
Alzheimer disease: ApoE4 implicated in tau-mediated neurodegeneration.
Editorial: Oxidative Stress and Alzheimer Disease: Where Do We Stand?
Aging Stereotypes Must be Taken Into Account for the Diagnosis of Prodromal and Early Alzheimer Disease.
Role of neuroinflammation in adult neurogenesis and Alzheimer disease: therapeutic approaches.
Ca2+ influx through store-operated Ca2+ channels reduces Alzheimer disease β-amyloid peptide secretion.
Domain adaptation for Alzheimer's disease diagnostics.
The relative contributions of disease label and disease prognosis to Alzheimer's stigma: A vignette-based experiment.
Translational research on reserve against neurodegenerative disease: consensus report of the International Conference on Cognitive Reserve in the Dementias and the Alzheimer's Association Reserve, Resilience and Protective Factors Professional Interest Area working groups.
Changes to perceptions of the pros and cons of genetic susceptibility testing after APOE genotyping for Alzheimer disease risk.
Screening of dementia genes by whole-exome sequencing in early-onset Alzheimer disease: input and lessons.
Effects of imaging modalities, brain atlases and feature selection on prediction of Alzheimer's disease.
How the evidence stacks up for preventing Alzheimer's disease.
Demographic and clinical characteristics related to cognitive decline in Alzheimer disease in China: A multicenter survey from 2011 to 2014.
Effects of Alzheimer Disease on the Facial Expression of Pain.
Deep Brain Magnetic Stimulation Promotes Neurogenesis and Restores Cholinergic Activity in a Transgenic Mouse Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
Endo-lysosomal pathway and ubiquitin-proteasome system dysfunction in Alzheimer's disease pathogenesis.
Identifying Multimodal Intermediate Phenotypes Between Genetic Risk Factors and Disease Status in Alzheimer's Disease.
A comparative study of EPA-enriched ethanolamine plasmalogen and EPA-enriched phosphatidylethanolamine on Aβ<sub>42</sub> induced cognitive deficiency in a rat model of Alzheimer's disease.
Regional cerebral blood flow abnormalities associated with apathy and depression in Alzheimer disease.
The Mechanisms of Dietary Phytoestrogen as a Potential Treatment and Prevention Agent against Alzheimer's Disease.
Longitudinal Modeling of Functional Decline Associated with Pathologic Alzheimer's Disease in Older Persons without Cognitive Impairment.
Development of parallel reaction monitoring assays for cerebrospinal fluid proteins associated with Alzheimer's disease.
Re: Frontal Lobe Function Correlates with One-Year Incidence of Urinary Incontinence in Elderly with Alzheimer Disease.
Reply: Cerebrospinal Fluid, Hyposmia, and Dementia in Alzheimer Disease: Insights from Dynamic PET and a Hypothesis.
Cerebrospinal Fluid, Hyposmia, and Dementia in Alzheimer Disease: Insights from Dynamic PET and a Hypothesis.
Intensive cutaneous myiasis due to Musca domestica in a patient with Alzheimer disease: a rare larval infestation in a temperate zone.
A nonhuman primate model of early Alzheimer's disease pathologic change: Implications for disease pathogenesis.
<sup>11</sup>C-PIB PET imaging reveals that amyloid deposition in cases with early-onset Alzheimer's disease in the absence of known mutations retains higher levels of PIB in the basal ganglia.
Impact of opioid initiation on antipsychotic and benzodiazepine and related drug use among persons with Alzheimer's disease.
Hippocampal and Clinical Trajectories of Mild Cognitive Impairment with Suspected Non-Alzheimer's Disease Pathology.
Simvastatin ameliorate memory deficits and inflammation in clinical and mouse model of Alzheimer's disease via modulating the expression of miR-106b.
A novel inhibitor of amyloid β (Aβ) peptide aggregation: from high throughput screening to efficacy in an animal model of Alzheimer disease.
Expression of telomere repeat binding factor 1 and TRF2 in Alzheimer's disease and correlation with clinical parameters.
Early life exposure to lead (Pb) and changes in DNA methylation: relevance to Alzheimer's disease.
Application of the IWG-2 Diagnostic Criteria for Alzheimer's Disease to the ADNI.
Patterns of progressive atrophy vary with age in Alzheimer's disease patients.
Decreasing hazards of Alzheimer's disease with the use of antidepressants: mitigating the risk of depression and apolipoprotein E.
Effectiveness of a Standardized and Specific Follow-Up in Memory Centers in Patients with Alzheimer's Disease.
Exosomes in Pathogenesis, Diagnosis, and Treatment of Alzheimer's Disease.
Modeling Alzheimer's disease cognitive scores using multi-task sparse group lasso.
A summary risk score for the prediction of Alzheimer disease in elderly persons.
Psychometric Evaluation of the Neuropsychological Test Battery in Individuals with Normal Cognition, Mild Cognitive Impairment, or Mild to Moderate Alzheimer's Disease: Results from a Longitudinal Study.
Cascaded Multi-view Canonical Correlation (CaMCCo) for Early Diagnosis of Alzheimer's Disease via Fusion of Clinical, Imaging and Omic Features.
Neuroinflammation in mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's disease: A meta-analysis.
Plasminogen activator activity is inhibited while neuroserpin is up-regulated in the Alzheimer disease brain.
Early role of vascular dysregulation on late-onset Alzheimer's disease based on multifactorial data-driven analysis.
Chronic Cerebral Hypoperfusion Accelerates Alzheimer's Disease Pathology with Cerebrovascular Remodeling in a Novel Mouse Model.
A DNA methylation study of the amyloid precursor protein gene in several brain regions from patients with familial Alzheimer disease.
Microvascular changes in Down syndrome with Alzheimer's-type pathology: Insights into a potential vascular mechanism for Down syndrome and Alzheimer's disease.
The preclinical Alzheimer cognitive composite: measuring amyloid-related decline.
Tissue Transglutaminase and Its Product Isopeptide Are Increased in Alzheimer's Disease and APPswe/PS1dE9 Double Transgenic Mice Brains.
Cohort profile: the Finnish Medication and Alzheimer's disease (MEDALZ) study.
Neuronal histamine and cognitive symptoms in Alzheimer's disease.
[Therapy of Alzheimer disease].
Alzheimer's disease is getting easier to spot.
Drawing on the brain's resilience to fight Alzheimer's disease.
From Common to Rare Variants: The Genetic Component of Alzheimer Disease.
The Role of α7 Nicotinic Acetylcholine Receptors and α7-Specific Antibodies in Neuroinflammation Related to Alzheimer Disease.
Association of Cancer History with Alzheimer's Disease Dementia and Neuropathology.
Immunoproteasome deficiency alters microglial cytokine response and improves cognitive deficits in Alzheimer's disease-like APPPS1 mice.
Protective effects of different exercise modalities in an Alzheimer's disease-like model.
Multiparametric MRI to distinguish early onset Alzheimer's disease and behavioural variant of frontotemporal dementia.
Ser9 phosphorylation causes cytoplasmic detention of I2PP2A/SET in Alzheimer disease.
Advance directives as a tool to respect patients' values and preferences: discussion on the case of Alzheimer's disease.
Safety and pharmacology of a single intravenous dose of ponezumab in subjects with mild-to-moderate Alzheimer disease: a phase I, randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind, dose-escalation study.
Magnitude and causes of bias among family caregivers rating Alzheimer disease patients.
Protective effects of ferulic acid in amyloid precursor protein plus presenilin-1 transgenic mouse model of Alzheimer disease.
Evidence of recessive Alzheimer disease loci in a Caribbean Hispanic data set: genome-wide survey of runs of homozygosity.
Donepezil for dementia due to Alzheimer's disease.
Beneficial Effects of an Integrated Psychostimulation Program in Patients with Alzheimer's Disease.
Aβ levels in the jugular vein and high molecular weight Aβ oligomer levels in CSF can be used as biomarkers to indicate the anti-amyloid effect of IVIg for Alzheimer's disease.
Apolipoprotein E receptor pathways in Alzheimer disease.
Bajijiasu Ameliorates β-Amyloid-Triggered Endoplasmic Reticulum Stress and Related Pathologies in an Alzheimer's Disease Model.
Osthole attenuates APP-induced Alzheimer's disease through up-regulating miRNA-101a-3p.
Value of serum nonceruloplasmin copper for prediction of mild cognitive impairment conversion to Alzheimer disease.
On the reconceptualization of Alzheimer's disease.
Galantamine and behavior in Alzheimer disease: analysis of four trials.
A new age-related cutoff of medial temporal atrophy scale on MRI improving the diagnostic accuracy of neurodegeneration due to Alzheimer's disease in a Chinese population.
Structure-activity relationship of tacrine and its analogues in relation to inhibitory activity against Alzheimer's disease.
Donepezil 23 mg in Asian patients with moderate-to-severe Alzheimer's disease.
Multiple Effect of APOE Genotype on Clinical and Neuroimaging Biomarkers Across Alzheimer's Disease Spectrum.
Cerebrospinal Fluid Biomarkers and Reserve Variables as Predictors of Future "Non-Cognitive" Outcomes of Alzheimer's Disease.
[The incidence of the thyroid microsomal autoantibodies in Alzheimer disease].
New NIA/NIH Alzheimer Disease Consortium.
Alzheimer disease: APOE ε4 affects cognitive decline but does not block benefits of healthy lifestyle.
Total intracranial and lateral ventricle volumes measurement in Alzheimer's disease: A methodological study.
In vivo radioligand binding to translocator protein correlates with severity of Alzheimer's disease.
Autophagy-dependent mechanism of genistein-mediated elimination of behavioral and biochemical defects in the rat model of sporadic Alzheimer's disease.
Factors associated with quality of life in patients with Alzheimer's disease.
Resveratrol as a Natural Autophagy Regulator for Prevention and Treatment of Alzheimer's Disease.
The Correlations between Postmortem Brain Pathologies and Cognitive Dysfunction in Aging and Alzheimer's Disease.
Attenuation of functional hyperemia to visual stimulation in mild Alzheimer's disease and its sensitivity to cholinesterase inhibition.
Clinical Research on Alzheimer's Disease: Progress and Perspectives.
Studies on diagnostic biomarkers and therapeutic mechanism of Alzheimer's disease through metabolomics and hippocampal proteomics.
Primary motor cortex alterations in Alzheimer disease: A study in the 3xTg-AD model.
Genetically reducing mTOR signaling rescues central insulin dysregulation in a mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Posterior cortical atrophy variant of Alzheimer's dementia-A case report.
Cholinesterase Inhibitors May Not Benefit Mild Cognitive Impairment and Mild Alzheimer Disease Dementia.
Animal Models of Psychosis in Alzheimer Disease.
Ginsenoside Rg3 Prevents Cognitive Impairment by Improving Mitochondrial Dysfunction in the Rat Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
Poor self-rated health did not increase risk of permanent nursing placement or mortality in people with mild Alzheimer's disease.
Loss of gait control assessed by cognitive-motor dual-tasks: pros and cons in detecting people at risk of developing Alzheimer's and Parkinson's diseases.
Co-encapsulation of Nigella sativa oil and plasmid DNA for enhanced gene therapy of Alzheimer's disease.
The rationale for deep brain stimulation in Alzheimer's disease.
Tumor necrosis factor-α synthesis inhibitor 3,6'-dithiothalidomide attenuates markers of inflammation, Alzheimer pathology and behavioral deficits in animal models of neuroinflammation and Alzheimer's disease.
Paired helical filaments from Alzheimer disease brain induce intracellular accumulation of Tau protein in aggresomes.
Environmental lead exposure aggravates the progression of Alzheimer's disease in mice by targeting on blood brain barrier.
The relationship between CSF biomarkers and cerebral metabolism in early-onset Alzheimer's disease.
Alzheimer disease: Neurofilament light in the blood marks Alzheimer degeneration.
Mobility assessment in people with Alzheimer disease using smartphone sensors.
Investigational medications for treatment of patients with Alzheimer disease.
A highly predictive signature of cognition and brain atrophy for progression to Alzheimer's dementia.
Informant questionnaire on cognitive decline in the elderly (IQCODE) for assessing the severity of dementia in patients with Alzheimer's disease.
Your algorithm might think the hippocampus grows in Alzheimer's disease: Caveats of longitudinal automated hippocampal volumetry.
5-Lipoxygenase gene transfer worsens memory, amyloid, and tau brain pathologies in a mouse model of Alzheimer disease.
Fluid biomarkers in Alzheimer disease.
The Role of Beclin-1 Acetylation on Autophagic Flux in Alzheimer's Disease.
Potential Diagnostic Value of Red Blood Cells α-Synuclein Heteroaggregates in Alzheimer's Disease.
Memory self-awareness in the preclinical and prodromal stages of Alzheimer's disease.
Currents of memory: recent progress, translational challenges, and ethical considerations in fornix deep brain stimulation trials for Alzheimer's disease.
Advanced Yeast Models of Familial Alzheimer Disease Expressing FAD-Linked Presenilin to Screen Mutations and γ-Secretase Modulators.
Protective and reversal actions of a novel peptidomimetic against a pivotal toxin implicated in Alzheimer's disease.
Central and peripheral circadian clocks and their role in Alzheimer's disease.
Sub-efficacious doses of phosphodiesterase 4 and 5 inhibitors improve memory in a mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Effect of a CYP2D6 polymorphism on the efficacy of donepezil in patients with Alzheimer disease.
Molecular basis for the loss-of-function effects of the Alzheimer's disease-associated R47H variant of the immune receptor TREM2.
Imaging beta amyloid aggregation and iron accumulation in Alzheimer's disease using quantitative susceptibility mapping MRI.
Insulin resistance is associated with the pathology of Alzheimer disease: the Hisayama study.
Intraperitoneal Administration of Low Dose Aluminium in The Rat: How Good is It to Produce a Model for Alzheimer Disease.
The Rationale and Design of the Reducing Pathology in Alzheimer's Disease through Angiotensin TaRgeting (RADAR) Trial.
Early Detection and Treatment of Patients with Alzheimer's Disease: Future Perspectives.
Longitudinal Neuroimaging Hippocampal Markers for Diagnosing Alzheimer's Disease.
CORDIAL: cognitive rehabilitation and cognitive-behavioral treatment for early dementia in Alzheimer disease: a multicenter, randomized, controlled trial.
The potential of solanezumab and gantenerumab to prevent Alzheimer's disease in people with inherited mutations that cause its early onset.
[Evaluation of Efficacy and Adverse Effects of Symptomatic Drugs for Alzheimer Disease].
The CD33 genotype associated cognitive performance was bidirectionally modulated by intrinsic functional connectivity in the Alzheimer's disease spectrum.
The impact of depressive symptoms on health-related quality of life in patients with subjective cognitive decline, mild cognitive impairment, and Alzheimer's disease.
Development and characterization of morin hydrate-loaded micellar nanocarriers for the effective management of Alzheimer's disease.
Cerebrospinal fluid biomarkers of Alzheimer's disease are associated with carotid plaque score and hemodynamics in intra- and extra-cranial arteries on ultrasonography.
Nursing home placement in the Donepezil and Memantine in Moderate to Severe Alzheimer's Disease (DOMINO-AD) trial: secondary and post-hoc analyses.
Future strategies of management of Alzheimer's Disease. The role of homotaurine.
Distinct influence of specific versus global connectivity on the different Alzheimer's disease biomarkers.
Role of insulin signaling in the interaction between Alzheimer disease and diabetes mellitus: a missing link to therapeutic potential.
Neuroprotective and Neurological/Cognitive Enhancement Effects of Curcumin after Brain Ischemia Injury with Alzheimer's Disease Phenotype.
Grasping at straws: the failure of solanezumab to modify mild Alzheimer's disease.
Progressive signaling changes in the olfactory nerve of patients with Alzheimer's disease.
Early functional connectivity deficits and progressive microstructural alterations in the TgF344-AD rat model of Alzheimer's Disease: A longitudinal MRI study.
Driving Ability in Alzheimer Disease Spectrum: Neural Basis, Assessment, and Potential Use of Optic Flow Event-Related Potentials.
Antibiotics, gut microbiota, and Alzheimer's disease.
After-effects of repetitive anodal transcranial direct current stimulation on learning and memory in a rat model of Alzheimer's disease.
Adding delayed recall to the Alzheimer Disease Assessment Scale is useful in studies of mild cognitive impairment but not Alzheimer disease.
RAB10: an Alzheimer's disease resilience locus and potential drug target.
Parkinson's disease and Alzheimer's disease: a Mendelian randomization study.
Modelling Sporadic Alzheimer's Disease Using Induced Pluripotent Stem Cells.
Reader response: A phase 3 trial of IV immunoglobulin for Alzheimer disease.
Challenges in Communicating and Understanding Predictive Biomarker Imaging for Alzheimer Disease.
Multifunctional nanoliposomes with curcumin-lipid derivative and brain targeting functionality with potential applications for Alzheimer disease.
Alzheimer disease: A virtual Morris maze to assess cognitive impairment in Alzheimer disease.
Alzheimer disease: Cancer immunotherapy drug reduces symptoms of Alzheimer disease in mice.
Complement C3aR Inactivation Attenuates Tau Pathology and Reverses an Immune Network Deregulated in Tauopathy Models and Alzheimer's Disease.
Effect of microRNA-186 on oxidative stress injury of neuron by targeting interleukin 2 through the janus kinase-signal transducer and activator of transcription pathway in a rat model of Alzheimer's disease.
β-Amyloid 42/40 ratio and kalirin expression in Alzheimer disease with psychosis.
Alzheimer's disease cerebrospinal fluid biomarker in cognitively normal subjects.
Cdk5-Foxo3 axis: initially neuroprotective, eventually neurodegenerative in Alzheimer's disease models.
Olfactory ability in normal pressure hydrocephalus as compared to Alzheimer's disease and healthy controls.
Hippocampal proNGF signaling pathways and β-amyloid levels in mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer disease.
On the issue of transmissibility of Alzheimer disease: a critical review.
Consumer preferences for the predictive genetic test for Alzheimer disease.
A Novel Aβ B-Cell Epitope Vaccine (rCV01) for Alzheimer's Disease Improved Synaptic and Cognitive Functions in 3 × Tg-AD Mice.
Sarcopenia is Associated With Impairment of Activities of Daily Living in Japanese Patients With Early-Stage Alzheimer Disease.
Relationship between skeletal muscle mass and swallowing function in patients with Alzheimer's disease.
Streptocyclinones A and B ameliorate Alzheimer's disease pathological processes in vitro.
Relating constructs of attention and working memory to social withdrawal in Alzheimer's disease and schizophrenia: issues regarding paradigm selection.
[Resveratrol upregulates the gene and protein expressions of N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor 1 and protein kinase C in the hippocampus in Alzheimer's disease rats].
Tetraclinis articulata essential oil mitigates cognitive deficits and brain oxidative stress in an Alzheimer's disease amyloidosis model.
Gullibility may be a warning sign of Alzheimer's disease dementia.
TNF alpha inhibitors in Alzheimer's disease: A systematic review.
A bell-shaped dependence between amyloidosis and GABA accumulation in astrocytes in a mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Neurodegenerative Changes in Rat Brain in Streptozotocin Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
IRE1 signaling exacerbates Alzheimer's disease pathogenesis.
APOE and Alzheimer's Disease: Evidence Mounts that Targeting APOE4 may Combat Alzheimer's Pathogenesis.
Cerebral small vessel disease and the risk of Alzheimer's disease: A systematic review.
Role of p73 in Alzheimer disease: lack of association in mouse models or in human cohorts.
Alzheimer's Disease Biomarkers and Future Decline in Cognitive Normal Older Adults.
Dementia in the oldest old: Beyond Alzheimer disease.
Administration of Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation Attenuates A<i>β</i><sub>1-42</sub>-Induced Alzheimer's Disease in Mice by Activating <i>β</i>-Catenin Signaling.
Contributions of Mass Spectrometry to the Identification of Low Molecular Weight Molecules Able to Reduce the Toxicity of Amyloid-β Peptide to Cell Cultures and Transgenic Mouse Models of Alzheimer's Disease.
Chronic divalproex sodium use and brain atrophy in Alzheimer disease.
Alzheimer disease: A quantitative trait approach to GWAS pays dividends.
Epidemiology of Alzheimer disease.
High prevalence of parkinsonism in patients with MCI or mild Alzheimer's disease.
[F-18]FDDNP microPET imaging correlates with brain Aβ burden in a transgenic rat model of Alzheimer disease: effects of aging, in vivo blockade, and anti-Aβ antibody treatment.
A report from the 8th Kuopio Alzheimer Symposium.
Nutrients in Alzheimer's Disease: The Interaction of Diet, Drugs and Disease.
Evaluation of a Genetic Risk Score to Improve Risk Prediction for Alzheimer's Disease.
Evaluation of Alzheimer's disease progression based on clinical dementia rating scale with missing responses and covariates.
An ensemble learning system for a 4-way classification of Alzheimer's disease and mild cognitive impairment.
Investigation of multi-target-directed ligands (MTDLs) with butyrylcholinesterase (BuChE) and indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase 1 (IDO1) inhibition: The design, synthesis of miconazole analogues targeting Alzheimer's disease.
Human fibroblast and stem cell resource from the Dominantly Inherited Alzheimer Network.
Disturbances in the control of capillary flow in an aged APP<sup>swe</sup>/PS1ΔE9 model of Alzheimer's disease.
A metabolite-based machine learning approach to diagnose Alzheimer-type dementia in blood: Results from the European Medical Information Framework for Alzheimer disease biomarker discovery cohort.
Event-related Potentials Improve the Efficiency of Cerebrospinal Fluid Biomarkers for Differential Diagnosis of Alzheimer's Disease.
The synaptic accumulation of hyperphosphorylated tau oligomers in Alzheimer disease is associated with dysfunction of the ubiquitin-proteasome system.
Astroglia in Alzheimer's Disease.
Biomarkers in Sporadic and Familial Alzheimer's Disease.
Striato-cortical connections in Parkinson's and Alzheimer's diseases: Relation to cognition.
Early and protective microglial activation in Alzheimer's disease: a prospective study using 18F-DPA-714 PET imaging.
Neurons derived from sporadic Alzheimer's disease iPSCs reveal elevated TAU hyperphosphorylation, increased amyloid levels, and GSK3B activation.
Racial and ethnic estimates of Alzheimer's disease and related dementias in the United States (2015-2060) in adults aged ≥65 years.
Hippocampal sclerosis in the elderly: genetic and pathologic findings, some mimicking Alzheimer disease clinically.
Alzheimer's Disease: Mechanism and Approach to Cell Therapy.
Structural brain changes associated with depressive symptoms in the elderly with Alzheimer's disease.
Conscious Knowledge and Decision Making Under Ambiguity in Mild Cognitive Impairment and Alzheimer Disease.
Alzheimer disease: neurogranin in the CSF signals early Alzheimer disease and predicts disease progression.
MicroRNA Dysregulation in Alzheimer's Disease.
The effects of two polymorphisms on p21cip1 function and their association with Alzheimer's disease in a population of European descent.
Hippocampal Sclerosis of Aging, a Common Alzheimer's Disease 'Mimic': Risk Genotypes are Associated with Brain Atrophy Outside the Temporal Lobe.
The road to restoring neural circuits for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease.
GFAP isoforms in adult mouse brain with a focus on neurogenic astrocytes and reactive astrogliosis in mouse models of Alzheimer disease.
Identification of therapeutic targets for Alzheimer's disease via differentially expressed gene and weighted gene co-expression network analyses.
Comorbidity and progression of late onset Alzheimer's disease: A systematic review.
Effects of Androgens on the Amyloid-β Protein in Alzheimer's Disease.
Disease Progression in Mild Dementia due to Alzheimer Disease in an 18-Month Observational Study (GERAS): The Impact on Costs and Caregiver Outcomes.
The cerebellum shrinks faster than normal ageing in Alzheimer's disease but not in mild cognitive impairment.
Cascading network failure across the Alzheimer's disease spectrum.
Spatial Training Ameliorates Long-Term Alzheimer's Disease-Like Pathological Deficits by Reducing NLRP3 Inflammasomes in PR5 Mice.
Human neural stem cell transplantation improves cognition in a murine model of Alzheimer's disease.
Study protocol on Alzheimer's disease and related disorders: focus on clinical and imaging predictive markers in co-existing lesions.
Retained capacity for perceptual learning of degraded speech in primary progressive aphasia and Alzheimer's disease.
Alzheimer disease: Is p-tau the missing link between insulin resistance and AD?
Synthesis and biological assessment of KojoTacrines as new agents for Alzheimer's disease therapy.
Testing and disclosures related to amyloid imaging and Alzheimer's disease: Common questions and fact sheet summary.
Diabetes and Alzheimer's Disease: A Link not as Simple as it Seems.
MicroRNA-132 and early growth response-1 in nucleus basalis of Meynert during the course of Alzheimer's disease.
Alzheimer's Disease-Related Polymorphisms in Shunt-Responsive Idiopathic Normal Pressure Hydrocephalus.
Detecting At-Risk Alzheimer's Disease Cases.
Longitudinal Neuropsychological Outcome in Taiwanese Alzheimer's Disease Patients Treated with Medication.
Treadmill exercise decreases amyloid-β burden possibly via activation of SIRT-1 signaling in a mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Prenatal sex hormone exposure and risk of Alzheimer disease: a pilot study using the 2D:4D digit length ratio.
Author response: A phase 3 trial of IV immunoglobulin for Alzheimer disease.
Statin use and risk of Alzheimer disease: A new view on an old relationship.
Blood Pressure's Role in Alzheimer Disease Pathology.
Psychophysiological correlates of cognitive deficits in family caregivers of patients with Alzheimer Disease.
Klotho at the Edge of Alzheimer's Disease and Senile Depression.
Multitargeted drug development: Discovery and profiling of dihydroxy substituted 1-aza-9-oxafluorenes as lead compounds targeting Alzheimer disease relevant kinases.
Proteomics based identification of differential plasma proteins and changes in white matter integrity as markers in early detection of mild cognitive impaired subjects at high risk of Alzheimer's disease.
APOE-ε4 associates with hippocampal volume, learning, and memory across the spectrum of Alzheimer's disease and dementia with Lewy bodies.
Factors associated with the variability in caregiver assessments of the capacities of patients with Alzheimer disease.
Retrospective assessment of patient characteristics and healthcare costs prior to a diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease in an administrative claims database.
Different durations of cognitive stimulation therapy for Alzheimer's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Amyloid PETs are commonly negative in suspected Alzheimer's disease with an increase in CSF phosphorylated-tau protein concentration but an Aβ42 concentration in the very high range: a prospective study.
Molecular Docking and Cognitive Impairment Attenuating Effect of Phenolic Compound Rich Fraction of Trianthema portulacastrum in Scopolamine Induced Alzheimer's Disease Like Condition.
Modulation of astrocyte reactivity improves functional deficits in mouse models of Alzheimer's disease.
Neuropathologic Correlates of Psychiatric Symptoms in Alzheimer's Disease.
Alzheimer disease family history impacts resting state functional connectivity.
Hormone therapy and Alzheimer disease dementia: new findings from the Cache County Study.
Neurovascular dysfunction and faulty amyloid β-peptide clearance in Alzheimer disease.
Aluminium in brain tissue in familial Alzheimer's disease.
The Effectiveness of Vitamin E Treatment in Alzheimer's Disease.
Clusterin levels are increased in Alzheimer's disease and influence the regional distribution of Aβ.
Tacrine-O-protected phenolics heterodimers as multitarget-directed ligands against Alzheimer's disease: Selective subnanomolar BuChE inhibitors.
Searching for Neurodegeneration in the Blood of Patients With Alzheimer Disease.
Molecular mechanisms underlying protective role of quercetin in attenuating Alzheimer's disease.
CD11a expression distinguishes infiltrating myeloid cells from plaque-associated microglia in Alzheimer's disease.
Memory binding and white matter integrity in familial Alzheimer's disease.
Incidence rates of dementia, Alzheimer disease, and vascular dementia in the Japanese American population in Seattle, WA: the Kame Project.
Dynamic relationships between age, amyloid-β deposition, and glucose metabolism link to the regional vulnerability to Alzheimer's disease.
Multivariate statistical analysis of diffusion imaging parameters using partial least squares: Application to white matter variations in Alzheimer's disease.
The promise and perils of an Alzheimer disease vaccine: a video debate.
Polyubiquitin linkage profiles in three models of proteolytic stress suggest the etiology of Alzheimer disease.
Metabolic Brain Network Analysis of FDG-PET in Alzheimer's Disease Using Kernel-Based Persistent Features.
Mediterranean and MIND Diets Containing Olive Biophenols Reduces the Prevalence of Alzheimer's Disease.
An elderly patient with Alzheimer's disease, normal pressure hydrocephalus and traumatic brain injury: presented with behavioral symptoms similar to behavioral variant frontotemporal dementia.
The Alzheimer's disease metabolic brain pattern in mild cognitive impairment.
CDK5RAP2 gene and tau pathophysiology in late-onset sporadic Alzheimer's disease.
Experimental research on nitric oxide and the therapy of Alzheimer disease: a challenging bridge.
Influence of Lewy Pathology on Alzheimer's Disease Phenotype: A Retrospective Clinico-Pathological Study.
Recent Progress in the Pharmacotherapy of Alzheimer's Disease.
Genetic ablation of luteinizing hormone receptor improves the amyloid pathology in a mouse model of Alzheimer disease.
Decreased Behavioral Abnormalities After Treatment with Combined Donepezil and Yokukansankachimpihange in Alzheimer Disease: An Observational Study. The Osaki-Tajiri Project.
Development and Usability of ADappt: Web-Based Tool to Support Clinicians, Patients, and Caregivers in the Diagnosis of Mild Cognitive Impairment and Alzheimer Disease.
Thyrotropin and Alzheimer's Disease Risk in the Elderly: a Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
[Proposal of endogenous anticholinergic hypothesis in Alzheimer disease].
Olfactory dysfunction in Alzheimer's disease- and Lewy body-related cognitive impairment.
Possible mechanism of Vitis vinifera L. flavones on neurotransmitters, synaptic transmission and related learning and memory in Alzheimer model rats.
The impact of educational experiences on nursing students' knowledge and attitudes toward people with Alzheimer's disease: A mixed method study.
7T MRI allows detection of disturbed cortical lamination of the medial temporal lobe in patients with Alzheimer's disease.
Summative Effects of Vascular Risk Factors on the Progression of Alzheimer Disease.
Deficit in Central Auditory Processing as a Biomarker of Pre-Clinical Alzheimer's Disease.
Biomarkers for the Early Detection and Progression of Alzheimer's Disease.
Understanding the impact of sex and gender in Alzheimer's disease: A call to action.
Combined Creutzfeldt-Jakob/ Alzheimer's Disease Cases are Important in Search for Microbes in Alzheimer's Disease.
Ryanodine receptor blockade reduces amyloid-β load and memory impairments in Tg2576 mouse model of Alzheimer disease.
Circadian system functionality, hippocampal oxidative stress, and spatial memory in the APPswe/PS1dE9 transgenic model of Alzheimer disease: effects of melatonin or ramelteon.
3D tract-specific local and global analysis of white matter integrity in Alzheimer's disease.
HuCNS-SC Human NSCs Fail to Differentiate, Form Ectopic Clusters, and Provide No Cognitive Benefits in a Transgenic Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
Emerging roles of long non-coding RNAs in the pathogenesis of Alzheimer's disease.
Circulating microRNAs as novel biomarkers of Alzheimer's disease.
Isoprenoids and tau pathology in sporadic Alzheimer's disease.
Neuroinflammation in Alzheimer's disease; A source of heterogeneity and target for personalized therapy.
Early-onset Alzheimer disease clinical variants: multivariate analyses of cortical thickness.
Next-generation biomarker discovery in Alzheimer's disease using metabolomics - from animal to human studies.
[Awareness disorders in Alzheimer's disease and in mild cognitive impairment].
Norovirus P particle-based active Aβ immunotherapy elicits sufficient immunogenicity and improves cognitive capacity in a mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Verbal repetition in people with mild-to-moderate Alzheimer Disease: a descriptive analysis from the VISTA clinical trial.
Association Between Psychosis Phenotype and APOE Genotype on the Clinical Profiles of Alzheimer's Disease.
CSF neurogranin or tau distinguish typical and atypical Alzheimer disease.
Alzheimer's disease: An acquired neurodegenerative laminopathy.
The minute hand phenomenon in the Clock Test of patients with early Alzheimer disease.
Cerebral amyloid angiopathy and its co-occurrence with Alzheimer's disease and other cerebrovascular neuropathologic changes.
High-dose B vitamin supplementation and cognitive decline in Alzheimer disease: a randomized controlled trial.
Mitochondrial haplotypes associated with biomarkers for Alzheimer's disease.
A Critical Assessment of Research on Neurotransmitters in Alzheimer's Disease.
Alzheimer's disease biomarker-guided diagnostic workflow using the added value of six combined cerebrospinal fluid candidates: Aβ<sub>1-42</sub>, total-tau, phosphorylated-tau, NFL, neurogranin, and YKL-40.
Seizures and epileptiform activity in the early stages of Alzheimer disease.
Dynamic cortical connectivity alterations associated with Alzheimer's disease: An EEG and fNIRS integration study.
The GSK3β inhibitor, TDZD-8, rescues cognition in a zebrafish model of okadaic acid-induced Alzheimer's disease.
The neuroprotective effect of deep brain stimulation at nucleus basalis of Meynert in transgenic mice with Alzheimer's disease.
Correlation of PICALM polymorphism rs3851179 with Alzheimer's disease among Caucasian and Chinese populations: a meta-analysis and systematic review.
Early Activation of Astrocytes does not Affect Amyloid Plaque Load in an Animal Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
Exploring the Phase Behavior of Monoolein/Oleic Acid/Water Systems for Enhanced Donezepil Administration for Alzheimer Disease Treatment.
Alzheimer disease. BRCA1 involved in AD-related cognitive deficits.
Alzheimer disease. Could anti-amyloid-β immunotherapy do more harm than good?
Genetic reduction of eEF2 kinase alleviates pathophysiology in Alzheimer's disease model mice.
Nicotinamide ribose ameliorates cognitive impairment of aged and Alzheimer's disease model mice.
Novel Statistically-Derived Composite Measures for Assessing the Efficacy of Disease-Modifying Therapies in Prodromal Alzheimer's Disease Trials: An AIBL Study.
Neural correlates of attention-executive dysfunction in lewy body dementia and Alzheimer's disease.
A Rare Variant Nonparametric Linkage Method for Nuclear and Extended Pedigrees with Application to Late-Onset Alzheimer Disease via WGS Data.
Visual function alterations in Alzheimer Disease: A case report.
Confounders Regarding the Association of Insulin Resistance and Alzheimer Disease--Reply.
Confounders Regarding the Association of Insulin Resistance and Alzheimer Disease.
Cerebrospinal Fluid Biomarker for Alzheimer Disease Predicts Postoperative Cognitive Dysfunction.
Comparison of Different Hypotheses Regarding the Spread of Alzheimer's Disease Using Markov Random Fields and Multimodal Imaging.
Familial L723P Mutation Can Shift the Distribution between the Alternative APP Transmembrane Domain Cleavage Cascades by Local Unfolding of the Ε-Cleavage Site Suggesting a Straightforward Mechanism of Alzheimer's Disease Pathogenesis.
MEF2C mRNA expression and cognitive function in Japanese patients with Alzheimer's disease.
Periodontitis and Cognitive Decline in Alzheimer's Disease.
Prediction of Alzheimer's disease with serum lipid levels in Asian individuals: a meta-analysis.
Understanding the effect of cognitive/brain reserve and depression on regional atrophy in early Alzheimer's disease.
β-Amyloidosis and neurodegeneration in Alzheimer disease: who's on first?
Observations of extensive gene expression differences in the cerebellum and potential relevance to Alzheimer's disease.
Connected speech and language in mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's disease: A review of picture description tasks.
Researchers test strategies to prevent Alzheimer disease.
Brain Amyloid Pathology and Cognitive Function: Alzheimer Disease Without Dementia?
Peptidyl-prolyl cis-trans isomerase Pin1 in ageing, cancer and Alzheimer disease.
[Mortalidad por enfermedad de Alzheimer en México de 1980 a 2014].
Triazole derivatives as inhibitors of Alzheimer's disease: Current developments and structure-activity relationships.
Pathophysiology in the comorbidity of Bipolar Disorder and Alzheimer's Disease: pharmacological and stem cell approaches.
APOE-MS4A genetic interactions are associated with executive dysfunction and network abnormality in clinically mild Alzheimer's disease.
Behavioural effects of PNU-282987 and stress in an animal model of Alzheimer's disease.
Hydrogen Sulfide Ameliorates Homocysteine-Induced Alzheimer's Disease-Like Pathology, Blood-Brain Barrier Disruption, and Synaptic Disorder.
Cost-effectiveness of cerebrospinal biomarkers for the diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease.
Neuroprotective effect of berberine against environmental heavy metals-induced neurotoxicity and Alzheimer's-like disease in rats.
Lack of association between TDP-43 pathology and tau mis-splicing in Alzheimer's disease.
Typical and atypical appearance of early-onset Alzheimer's disease: A clinical, neuroimaging and neuropathological study.
Mixed pathologies and neural reserve: Implications of complexity for Alzheimer disease drug discovery.
Sleep and Alzheimer disease pathology--a bidirectional relationship.
Diet and biomarkers of Alzheimer's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Lenti-GDNF gene therapy protects against Alzheimer's disease-like neuropathology in 3xTg-AD mice and MC65 cells.
Losartan improves cerebrovascular function in a mouse model of Alzheimer's disease with combined overproduction of amyloid-β and transforming growth factor-β1.
Profile of 6 microRNA in blood plasma distinguish early stage Alzheimer's disease patients from non-demented subjects.
Non-Ashkenazi Jewish Origin is Associated with Early Onset Alzheimer's Disease.
Diffusion tensor imaging in Alzheimer disease and mild cognitive impairment.
Distinct patterns of antiamyloid-β antibodies in typical and atypical Alzheimer disease.
[Music therapy and Alzheimer disease].
Lifestyle and vascular risk effects on MRI-based biomarkers of Alzheimer's disease: a cross-sectional study of middle-aged adults from the broader New York City area.
Alzheimer disease: Alzheimer dementia with sparse amyloid-AD mimic or variant?
A Pilot Study Comparing Effects of Bifrontal Versus Bitemporal Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation in Mild Cognitive Impairment and Mild Alzheimer Disease.
TDP-43 and Alzheimer's Disease Pathologic Subtype in Non-Amnestic Alzheimer's Disease Dementia.
Real-World, Multinational, Retrospective Observational Survey of the ADAS-Cog and Associations with Healthcare Resource Utilization in Patients with Alzheimer's Disease.
ApoE ε4 Allele Related Alterations in Hippocampal Connectivity in Early Alzheimer's Disease Support Memory Performance.
Hypoxia-inducible factors as neuroprotective agent in Alzheimer's disease.
Comparison of cerebrospinal fluid profiles in Alzheimer's disease with multiple cerebral microbleeds and cerebral amyloid angiopathy-related inflammation.
Time course of focused ultrasound effects on β-amyloid plaque pathology in the TgCRND8 mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Letter re: Long-term cortisol measures predict Alzheimer disease risk.
[Ageing and Alzheimer disease - system dynamics model prediction].
Corydalis edulis total alkaloids (CETA) ameliorates cognitive dysfunction in rat model of Alzheimer disease through regulation of the antioxidant stress and MAP2/NF-κB.
Sex Differences in the Neuropsychiatric Symptoms of Patients With Alzheimer's Disease.
The standardization of cerebrospinal fluid markers and neuropathological diagnoses brings to light the frequent complexity of concomitant pathology in Alzheimer's disease: The next challenge for biochemical markers?
Alzheimer abnormalities of the amygdala with Klüver-Bucy syndrome symptoms: an amygdaloid variant of Alzheimer disease.
Imaging in-vivo tau pathology in Alzheimer's disease with THK5317 PET in a multimodal paradigm.
Use of Benzodiazepines in Alzheimer's Disease: A Systematic Review of Literature.
Alzheimer's Disease: Prototype of Cognitive Deterioration, Valuable Lessons to Understand Human Cognition.
Lithium Treatment for Agitation in Alzheimer's disease (Lit-AD): Clinical rationale and study design.
Clinical predictors of progression to Alzheimer disease in amnestic mild cognitive impairment.
Androgen deprivation therapy did not increase the risk of Alzheimer's and Parkinson's disease in patients with prostate cancer.
Abnormal gephyrin immunoreactivity associated with Alzheimer disease pathologic changes.
Long-Term Cognitive Improvement After Benfotiamine Administration in Patients with Alzheimer's Disease.
Multiparametric graph theoretical analysis reveals altered structural and functional network topology in Alzheimer's disease.
Viral Induced Oxidative and Inflammatory Response in Alzheimer's Disease Pathogenesis with Identification of Potential Drug Candidates: A Systematic Review using Systems Biology Approach.
Nanocomposites Inhibit the Formation, Mitigate the Neurotoxicity, and Facilitate the Removal of β-Amyloid Aggregates in Alzheimer's Disease Mice.
Serum paraoxonase activity is associated with variants in the PON gene cluster and risk of Alzheimer disease.
The behavioral, pathological and therapeutic features of the senescence-accelerated mouse prone 8 strain as an Alzheimer's disease animal model.
The Alzheimer's Disease Neuroimaging Initiative 3: Continued innovation for clinical trial improvement.
Consumption of fig fruits grown in Oman can improve memory, anxiety, and learning skills in a transgenic mice model of Alzheimer's disease.
Role of neurodevelopment involved genes in psychiatric comorbidities and modulation of inflammatory processes in Alzheimer's disease.
Impact of (18)FDG PET and (11)C-PIB PET brain imaging on the diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease and other dementias in a regional memory clinic in Hong Kong.
The neurodegeneration in Alzheimer disease and the prion protein.
Lack of genetic support for shared aetiology of Coronary Artery Disease and Late-onset Alzheimer's disease.
Cromolyn Reduces Levels of the Alzheimer's Disease-Associated Amyloid β-Protein by Promoting Microglial Phagocytosis.
Author response: Neuropsychiatric symptoms predict hypometabolism in preclinical Alzheimer disease.
A Retinal Scan for Alzheimer Disease.
Pharmacodynamic and urinary metabolomics studies on the mechanism of Schisandra polysaccharide in the treatment of Alzheimer's disease.
Awareness and its association with affective symptoms in young-onset and late-onset Alzheimer disease: a prospective study.
The mini-SKQ (semantic knowledge questionnaire): a quick screening tool to assess semantic memory impairment in Alzheimer's disease.
Blood-brain barrier integrity in a mouse model of Alzheimer's disease with or without acute 3D6 immunotherapy.
Identification of novel immune-relevant drug target genes for Alzheimer's Disease by combining ontology inference with network analysis.
N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor-mediated calcium influx connects amyloid-β oligomers to ectopic neuronal cell cycle reentry in Alzheimer's disease.
CSF VILIP-1 predicts rates of cognitive decline in early Alzheimer disease.
Peripheral adaptive immunity of the triple transgenic mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Comparison of the effects of selenomethionine and selenium-enriched yeast in the triple-transgenic mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Preclinical Alzheimer disease: identification of cases at risk among cognitively intact older individuals.
Overexpression of Ubiquilin-1 Alleviates Alzheimer's Disease-Caused Cognitive and Motor Deficits and Reduces Amyloid-β Accumulation in Mice.
Five-Year Longitudinal Brain Volume Change in Healthy Elders at Genetic Risk for Alzheimer's Disease.
Vitamin D-binding protein-loaded PLGA nanoparticles suppress Alzheimer's disease-related pathology in 5XFAD mice.
Design and development of multitarget-directed N-Benzylpiperidine analogs as potential candidates for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease.
The role of membrane trafficking in the processing of amyloid precursor protein and production of amyloid peptides in Alzheimer's disease.
A multiomic approach to characterize the temporal sequence in Alzheimer's disease-related pathology.
Race modifies the relationship between cognition and Alzheimer's disease cerebrospinal fluid biomarkers.
[Alzheimer disease: from pathogenetic issues to clinical perspectives].
Tau and Cortical Thickness in Alzheimer Disease.
Closing-in is Related to Daily Living Functioning in Patients With Mild-to-Moderate Alzheimer Disease.
Phase 3 solanezumab trials: Secondary outcomes in mild Alzheimer's disease patients.
The Relational and Item-Specific Encoding Task in Mild Cognitive Impairment and Alzheimer Disease.
It Is All about (U)biquitin: Role of Altered Ubiquitin-Proteasome System and UCHL1 in Alzheimer Disease.
Genome-wide association study of CSF levels of 59 alzheimer's disease candidate proteins: significant associations with proteins involved in amyloid processing and inflammation.
Combined treatment with the phenolics (-)-epigallocatechin-3-gallate and ferulic acid improves cognition and reduces Alzheimer-like pathology in mice.
Critical role of mitosis in spontaneous late-onset Alzheimer's disease; from a Shugoshin 1 cohesinopathy mouse model.
Subtle Cognitive Decline and Biomarker Staging in Preclinical Alzheimer's Disease.
Sex biology contributions to vulnerability to Alzheimer's disease: A think tank convened by the Women's Alzheimer's Research Initiative.
Management of Alzheimer's disease-An insight of the enzymatic and other novel potential targets.
Higher levels of different muscarinic receptors in the cortex and hippocampus from subjects with Alzheimer's disease.
Cost-effectiveness of donepezil and memantine in moderate to severe Alzheimer's disease (the DOMINO-AD trial).
Early stage memory impairment, visual hallucinations, and myoclonus combined with temporal lobe atrophy predict Alzheimer's disease pathology in corticobasal syndrome.
Gray matter atrophy in patients with mild cognitive impairment/Alzheimer's disease over the course of developing delusions.
Nonmelanoma skin cancer is associated with reduced Alzheimer disease risk.
Alzheimer disease alters the relationship of cardiorespiratory fitness with brain activity during the stroop task.
A Phase II, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Study of Safety, Pharmacokinetics, and Biomarker Results of Subcutaneous Bapineuzumab in Patients with mild to moderate Alzheimer's disease.
Effects of olfactory stimulation on autobiographical memory in Alzheimer's disease.
Approaches to a multitargeting drug development: first profiled 3- ethoxycarbonyl-1-aza-9-oxafluorenes representing a perspective compound class targeting Alzheimer disease relevant kinases CDK1, CDK5 and GSK-3β.
Test-retest reliability of memory task functional magnetic resonance imaging in Alzheimer disease clinical trials.
[Effects of neural stem cells transplanted into an animal model of Alzheimer disease on Aβ plaques].
Alzheimer's disease (AD) therapeutics - 2: Beyond amyloid - Re-defining AD and its causality to discover effective therapeutics.
Increased cerebral metabolism after 1 year of deep brain stimulation in Alzheimer disease.
Minocycline prevents the development of depression-like behavior and hippocampal inflammation in a rat model of Alzheimer's disease.
Neuropsychiatric symptoms in Alzheimer's disease: associations with caregiver burden and treatment outcomes.
Alzheimer disease: Sex-specific inflammatory link to early Alzheimer pathology.
Effects of ketone bodies in Alzheimer's disease in relation to neural hypometabolism, β-amyloid toxicity, and astrocyte function.
Association of Serum Manganese Levels with  Alzheimer's Disease and Mild Cognitive Impairment:  A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Traumatic brain injury history is associated with an earlier age of dementia onset in autopsy-confirmed Alzheimer's disease.
Transcranial direct current stimulation as a memory enhancer in patients with Alzheimer's disease: a randomized, placebo-controlled trial.
The potential role of proinflammatory and antiinflammatory cytokines in Alzheimer disease pathogenesis.
Early detection of Alzheimer's disease using MRI hippocampal texture.
New criteria for Alzheimer disease and mild cognitive impairment: implications for the practicing clinician.
Neuroprotective effects of ginseng protein on PI3K/Akt signaling pathway in the hippocampus of D-galactose/AlCl3 inducing rats model of Alzheimer's disease.
Determining the predictors of change in quality of life self-ratings and carer-ratings for community-dwelling people with Alzheimer disease.
Author response: Long-term cortisol measures predict Alzheimer disease risk.
Isolation Housing Exacerbates Alzheimer's Disease-Like Pathophysiology in Aged APP/PS1 Mice.
Neuropathological alterations in Alzheimer disease.
Genetic variation and neuroimaging measures in Alzheimer disease.
Microglial activation occurs late during preclinical Alzheimer's disease.
Decreased Serum Brain-Derived Neurotrophic Factor (BDNF) Levels in Patients with Alzheimer's Disease (AD): A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
TSPO and amyloid deposits in sub-regions of the hippocampus in the 3xTgAD mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Anti-diabetic vanadyl complexes reduced Alzheimer's disease pathology independent of amyloid plaque deposition.
Imaging sigma receptors in the brain: New opportunities for diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease and therapeutic development.
Blood Ammonia as a Possible Etiological Agent for Alzheimer's Disease.
Failure to Recover from Proactive Semantic Interference and Abnormal Limbic Connectivity in Asymptomatic, Middle-Aged Offspring of Patients with Late-Onset Alzheimer's Disease.
The Infectious Etiology of Alzheimer's Disease.
Treadmill exercise ameliorates Alzheimer disease-associated memory loss through the Wnt signaling pathway in the streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats.
Postmenopausal hormone therapy is not associated with risk of all-cause dementia and Alzheimer's disease.
Serum vitamin D in patients with mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's disease.
Peripheral complement interactions with amyloid β peptide in Alzheimer's disease: 2. Relationship to amyloid β immunotherapy.
In-vitro evaluation of selected Egyptian traditional herbal medicines for treatment of Alzheimer disease.
Cerebral microbleeds in early Alzheimer's disease.
Alzheimer's Disease Assessment Scale-Cognitive subscale variants in mild cognitive impairment and mild Alzheimer's disease: change over time and the effect of enrichment strategies.
Alzheimer disease: Tau pathology in atomic detail.
Plasma alterations in cholinergic and serotonergic systems in early Alzheimer Disease: Diagnosis utility.
Modern approaches to investigating non-neuronal aspects of Alzheimer's disease.
Rare coding variants in PLCG2, ABI3, and TREM2 implicate microglial-mediated innate immunity in Alzheimer's disease.
A multimodal RAGE-specific inhibitor reduces amyloid β-mediated brain disorder in a mouse model of Alzheimer disease.
Psychotropic drugs use and psychotropic polypharmacy among persons with Alzheimer's disease.
Prophylactic immunotherapy of Alzheimer's disease using recombinant amyloid-β B-cell epitope chimeric protein as subunit vaccine.
Sleep-disordered breathing and Alzheimer's disease: A nationwide cohort study.
Decreased perfusion of the posterior cingulate gyri shown by a cingulate island score is a possible marker of vulnerability to behavioural and psychological symptoms of Alzheimer's disease: a pilot study.
Letter re: Neuropsychiatric symptoms predict hypometabolism in preclinical Alzheimer disease.
Alzheimer disease: Blocking HDAC2-Sp3 interaction - a new approach to AD therapy?
Apolipoprotein E ε4 and Risk Factors for Alzheimer Disease-Let's Talk About Sex.
<i>Centella asiatica</i> Protects d-Galactose/AlCl<sub>3</sub> Mediated Alzheimer's Disease-Like Rats via PP2A/GSK-3β Signaling Pathway in Their Hippocampus.
Natural Products in Alzheimer's Disease Therapy: Would Old Therapeutic Approaches Fix the Broken Promise of Modern Medicines?
Exploiting microglial and peripheral immune cell crosstalk to treat Alzheimer's disease.
Practical lessons from amyloid immunotherapy trials in Alzheimer disease.
Genetics of Alzheimer disease.
A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of simvastatin to treat Alzheimer disease.
The exosome of adipose-derived stem cells reduces β-amyloid pathology and apoptosis of neuronal cells derived from the transgenic mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Role of epigenetics in Alzheimer's disease pathogenesis.
Antagonist of neuronal store-operated calcium entry exerts beneficial effects in neurons expressing PSEN1ΔE9 mutant linked to familial Alzheimer disease.
Metabolic profiling distinguishes three subtypes of Alzheimer's disease.
Impaired behavioural flexibility related to white matter microgliosis in the TgAPP21 rat model of Alzheimer disease.
Subtle learning and memory impairment in an idiopathic rat model of Alzheimer's disease utilizing cholinergic depletions and β-amyloid.
Alzheimer's disease (AD) therapeutics - 1: Repeated clinical failures continue to question the amyloid hypothesis of AD and the current understanding of AD causality.
Delayed-Start Analyses in the Phase 3 Solanezumab EXPEDITION3 Study in Mild Alzheimer's Disease.
Current and Future Treatments for Alzheimer Disease.
Nutritional Guidance Improves Nutrient Intake and Quality of Life, and May Prevent Falls in Aged Persons with Alzheimer Disease Living with a Spouse (NuAD Trial).
Searching for an endogenous anti-Alzheimer molecule: identifying small molecules in the brain that slow Alzheimer disease progression by inhibition of ß-amyloid aggregation.
The starving brain: Overfed meets undernourished in the pathology of mild cognitive impairment (MCI) and Alzheimer's disease (AD).
Cognitive Results of CANTAB Tests and Their Change Due to the First Dose of Donepezil May Predict Treatment Efficacy in Alzheimer Disease.
ICAD 2010: Detection may hold the key to treatment. International Conference on Alzheimer Disease (ICAD) 2010 Honolulu, HI, USA, 10–15 July 2010.
Neuroprotective Effect of SLM, a Novel Carbazole-Based Fluorophore, on SH-SY5Y Cell Model and 3xTg-AD Mouse Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
Relationship between inflammatory mediators, Aβ levels and ApoE genotype in Alzheimer disease.
Knowledge and pharmacological management of Alzheimer's disease by managing community pharmacists: a nationwide study.
Recent Expansions on Cellular Models to Uncover the Scientific Barriers Towards Drug Development for Alzheimer's Disease.
Modeling and prediction of clinical symptom trajectories in Alzheimer's disease using longitudinal data.
Longitudinal relationships between Alzheimer disease progression and psychosis, depressed mood, and agitation/aggression.
Clinicopathologic and 11C-Pittsburgh compound B implications of Thal amyloid phase across the Alzheimer's disease spectrum.
Family History of Alzheimer's Disease and Subjective Memory Performance.
Sex Differences in Neuropsychological Test Performance in Alzheimer's Disease and the Influence of the ApoE Genotype.
Pharmacophore-based virtual screening of catechol-o-methyltransferase (COMT) inhibitors to combat Alzheimer's disease.
Genetics of Alzheimer disease.
The GWAS Risk Genes for Depression May Be Actively Involved in Alzheimer's Disease.
Imaging of Microglial Activation in Alzheimer's Disease by [<sup>11</sup>C]PBR28 PET.
The Relationship of Omega 3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids in Red Blood Cell Membranes with Cognitive Function and Brain Structure: A Review Focussed on Alzheimer's Disease.
Subtypes of sleep problems in patients with Alzheimer disease.
Microglial Progranulin: Involvement in Alzheimer's Disease and Neurodegenerative Diseases.
MRI-visible perivascular space location is associated with Alzheimer's disease independently of amyloid burden.
Using mental imagery to improve memory in patients with Alzheimer disease: trouble generating or remembering the mind's eye?
A Deep Learning Approach to Neuroanatomical Characterisation of Alzheimer's Disease.
In vivo Patterns of Tau Pathology, Amyloid-β Burden, and Neuronal Dysfunction in Clinical Variants of Alzheimer's Disease.
Amelioration by nitric oxide (NO) mimetics on neurobehavioral and biochemical changes in experimental model of Alzheimer's disease in rats.
A phenotypic change but not proliferation underlies glial responses in Alzheimer disease.
A nanotechnological approach to the management of Alzheimer disease and type 2 diabetes.
Do Hearing Aids Influence Behavioral and Psychological Symptoms of Dementia and Quality of Life in Hearing Impaired Alzheimer's Disease Patients and Their Caregivers?
Elucidating Pathogenic Mechanisms of Early-onset Alzheimer's Disease in Down Syndrome Patients.
Neuropsychiatric features of frontal lobe dysfunction in autopsy-confirmed patients with lewy bodies and "pure" Alzheimer disease.
Association analysis of rare variants near the APOE region with CSF and neuroimaging biomarkers of Alzheimer's disease.
Activities of daily living and quality of life in Alzheimer disease.
Antibody-Based In Vivo PET Imaging Detects Amyloid-β Reduction in Alzheimer Transgenic Mice After BACE-1 Inhibition.
Pharmacological and toxicological target organelles and safe use of single-walled carbon nanotubes as drug carriers in treating Alzheimer disease.
Intraneuronal amyloid beta accumulation and oxidative damage to nucleic acids in Alzheimer disease.
Shape-Attributes of Brain Structures as Biomarkers for Alzheimer's Disease.
Identifying Patterns in Signs and Symptoms Preceding the Clinical Diagnosis of Alzheimer's Disease: Retrospective Medical Record Review Study and a Nested Case-control Design.
5-HIAA induces neprilysin to ameliorate pathophysiology and symptoms in a mouse model for Alzheimer's disease.
Donepezil improves the cognitive impairment in a tree shrew model of Alzheimer's disease induced by amyloid-β<sub>1-40</sub> via activating the BDNF/TrkB signal pathway.
Unravelling the glial response in the pathogenesis of Alzheimer's disease.
Skin Conduction Levels Differentiate Frontotemporal Dementia From Alzheimer's Disease.
TeLPI performance in subjects with mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer disease: a validation study.
The Potential Emergence of Disease-Modifying Treatments for Alzheimer Disease: The Role of Primary Care in Managing the Patient Journey.
Cross-validation of a Shortened Battery for the Assessment of Dysexecutive Disorders in Alzheimer Disease.
Potential Links between Impaired One-Carbon Metabolism Due to Polymorphisms, Inadequate B-Vitamin Status, and the Development of Alzheimer's Disease.
Longitudinal influence of microglial activation and amyloid on neuronal function in Alzheimer's disease.
A pilot study of gene/gene and gene/environment interactions in Alzheimer disease.
Cell Type Specific Expression of Toll-Like Receptors in Human Brains and Implications in Alzheimer's Disease.
Assessment of kallikrein 6 as a cross-sectional and longitudinal biomarker for Alzheimer's disease.
Malignant progression in parietal-dominant atrophy subtype of Alzheimer's disease occurs independent of onset age.
Brain Inflammation Connects Cognitive and Non-Cognitive Symptoms in Alzheimer's Disease.
Effect of donepezil hydrochloride & aerobic exercise training on learning and memory and its mechanism of action in an Alzheimer's disease rat model.
Diagnostic accuracy of CSF neurofilament light chain protein in the biomarker-guided classification system for Alzheimer's disease.
Remote Control: Impacts of Peripheral Tumor Necrosis Factor-Alpha on Alzheimer Disease-Related Pathology.
Use of biomarkers in clinical trials of Alzheimer disease: from concept to application.
Turkish Adult Children as Caregivers of Parents with Alzheimer's Disease: Perceptions and Caregiving Experiences.
Validation of a New Imaging Technique Using the Glucose Metabolism to Amyloid Deposition Ratio in the Diagnosis of Alzheimer's Disease.
Discrepancy between self- and proxy-rated pain in Alzheimer's disease: results from the Danish Alzheimer Intervention Study.
Doxycycline counteracts neuroinflammation restoring memory in Alzheimer's disease mouse models.
Cerebrospinal fluid biomarkers for understanding multiple aspects of Alzheimer's disease pathogenesis.
Regulatory region single nucleotide polymorphisms of the apolipoprotein E gene as risk factors for Alzheimer's disease.
Peripheral and Central Effects of Memantine in a Mixed Preclinical Mice Model of Obesity and Familial Alzheimer's Disease.
SPECT and PET imaging in Alzheimer's disease.
'Evolutionary medicine' perspectives on Alzheimer's Disease: Review and new directions.
Reduced Smoothened level rescues Aβ-induced memory deficits and neuronal inflammation in animal models of Alzheimer's disease.
Effects of APOE haplotypes and measures of cardiovascular risk over gender-dependent cognitive and functional changes in one year in Alzheimer's disease.
Biochemical markers in persons with preclinical familial Alzheimer disease.
Tau, Amyloid Beta and Deep Brain Stimulation: Aiming to Restore Cognitive Deficit in Alzheimer's Disease.
Medication compliance in Singaporean patients with Alzheimer's disease.
Tau immunotherapies for Alzheimer's disease.
Irisin and BDNF serum levels and behavioral disturbances in Alzheimer's disease.
A new chiral pyrrolyl α-nitronyl nitroxide radical attenuates β-amyloid deposition and rescues memory deficits in a mouse model of Alzheimer disease.
Association of GWAS top hits with late-onset Alzheimer disease in Korean population.
Selective disruption of TLR2-MyD88 interaction inhibits inflammation and attenuates Alzheimer's pathology.
Importance and impact of preanalytical variables on Alzheimer disease biomarker concentrations in cerebrospinal fluid.
Opportunities and challenges in developing Alzheimer disease therapeutics.
Gene expression analysis reveals the dysregulation of immune and metabolic pathways in Alzheimer's disease.
Fruitless Wolfberry-Sprout Extract Rescued Cognitive Deficits and Attenuated Neuropathology in Alzheimer's Disease Transgenic Mice.
DNA methylation in repetitive elements and Alzheimer disease.
DAPK1: a Novel Pathology and Treatment Target for Alzheimer's Disease.
Palmitoylation in Alzheimer's disease and other neurodegenerative diseases.
Ushering in the study and treatment of preclinical Alzheimer disease.
The effect of increased genetic risk for Alzheimer's disease on hippocampal and amygdala volume.
Distinct profiles of brain and cognitive changes in the very old with Alzheimer disease.
Effects of 6-month at-home transcranial direct current stimulation on cognition and cerebral glucose metabolism in Alzheimer's disease.
Retinal microvasculature changes in amyloid-negative subcortical vascular cognitive impairment compared to amyloid-positive Alzheimer's disease.
Neuroprotective action of diazepam at very low and moderate doses in Alzheimer's disease model rats.
LTP-like cortical plasticity is associated with verbal memory impairment in Alzheimer's disease patients.
Impaired perceptual integration and memory for unitized representations are associated with perirhinal cortex atrophy in Alzheimer's disease.
Protective roles of Amanita caesarea polysaccharides against Alzheimer's disease via Nrf2 pathway.
Early intrathecal infusion of everolimus restores cognitive function and mood in a murine model of Alzheimer's disease.
The retina as a window to early dysfunctions of Alzheimer's disease following studies with a 5xFAD mouse model.
Development of GMP-1 a molecular chaperone network modulator protecting mitochondrial function and its assessment in fly and mice models of Alzheimer's disease.
Alzheimer's disease in humans and other animals: A consequence of postreproductive life span and longevity rather than aging.
A qualitative study on becoming cared for in Alzheimer's disease: the effects to women's sense of identity.
Astrocyte Biomarkers in Alzheimer's Disease.
Neurotoxic mechanisms by which the USP14 inhibitor IU1 depletes ubiquitinated proteins and Tau in rat cerebral cortical neurons: Relevance to Alzheimer's disease.
A new proposal for randomized start design to investigate disease-modifying therapies for Alzheimer disease.
Alzheimer disease: APOE*ε4-associated increase in AD risk linked to phospholipid dysregulation.
Vascular dysfunction-The disregarded partner of Alzheimer's disease.
Precuneus amyloid burden is associated with reduced cholinergic activity in Alzheimer disease.
Vascular risk factors are associated with faster decline of Alzheimer disease: a longitudinal SPECT study.
Intracerebroventricular injection of Aβ<sub>1-42</sub> combined with two-vessel occlusion accelerate Alzheimer's disease development in rats.
Mortality and Productivity Losses From Alzheimer Disease Among US Adults Aged 40 to 64 Years, 1999 to 2010.
Fractal regulation and incident Alzheimer's disease in elderly individuals.
CSF biomarkers for Alzheimer disease correlate with cortical brain biopsy findings.
Elevation of glutathione as a therapeutic strategy in Alzheimer disease.
Microbiota modulation counteracts Alzheimer's disease progression influencing neuronal proteolysis and gut hormones plasma levels.
Dual inhibitors of monoamine oxidase and cholinesterase for the treatment of Alzheimer disease.
The Trem2 R47H Alzheimer's risk variant impairs splicing and reduces Trem2 mRNA and protein in mice but not in humans.
Short-term fish oil supplementation applied in presymptomatic stage of Alzheimer's disease enhances microglial/macrophage barrier and prevents neuritic dystrophy in parietal cortex of 5xFAD mouse model.
Proteomic changes in cerebrospinal fluid of presymptomatic and affected persons carrying familial Alzheimer disease mutations.
A Bayesian Framework for Generalized Linear Mixed Modeling Identifies New Candidate Loci for Late-Onset Alzheimer's Disease.
Association of Cardiovascular Risk Factors and Stroke With Alzheimer Disease-Reply.
Midlife blood pressure, plasma β-amyloid, and the risk for Alzheimer disease: the Honolulu Asia Aging Study.
Atypical presentation of a novel Presenilin 1 R377W mutation: sporadic, late-onset Alzheimer disease with epilepsy and frontotemporal atrophy.
[Role of apolipoprotein E in the molecular pathomechanism of Alzheimer disease].
Micro RNA as a potential blood-based epigenetic biomarker for Alzheimer's disease.
The increase of mean platelet volume in patients with Alzheimer disease.
D-amino acid-based peptide inhibitors as early or preventative therapy in Alzheimer disease.
Relative ratio and level of amyloid-β 42 surrogate in cerebrospinal fluid of familial Alzheimer disease patients with presenilin 1 mutations.
Amyloid Accumulation and Cognitive Decline in Clinically Normal Older Individuals: Implications for Aging and Early Alzheimer's Disease.
Modulation of Immune Responses to Herpes Simplex Virus Type 1 by IFNL3 and IRF7 Polymorphisms: A Study in Alzheimer's Disease.
Successful Object Encoding Induces Increased Directed Connectivity in Presymptomatic Early-Onset Alzheimer's Disease.
Impaired Insulin Sensitivity and Secretion in Patients with Alzheimer's Disease: The Relationship with Other Atherosclerosis Risk Factors.
Longitudinal decreases in multiple cerebrospinal fluid biomarkers of neuronal injury in symptomatic late onset Alzheimer's disease.
APOE ε4 and the risk for Alzheimer disease and cognitive decline in African Americans and Yoruba.
Clinical aspects of Alzheimer's disease.
Efficient Expression of an Alzheimer's Disease Vaccine Candidate in the Microalga Schizochytrium sp. Using the Algevir System.
Contribution of polymorphic variation of inositol hexakisphosphate kinase 3 (IP6K3) gene promoter to the susceptibility to late onset Alzheimer's disease.
Soluble TREM2 changes during the clinical course of Alzheimer's disease: A meta-analysis.
Akebia saponin D reverses corticosterone hypersecretion in an Alzheimer's disease rat model.
Tau-induced focal neurotoxicity and network disruption related to apathy in Alzheimer's disease.
[The expression of DJ-1 protein in proteomic analysis of late-onset Alzheimer disease].
Development of a new DNA vaccine for Alzheimer disease targeting a wide range of aβ species and amyloidogenic peptides.
Familial Presenilin Mutations and Sporadic Alzheimer's Disease Pathology: Is the Assumption of Biochemical Equivalence Justified?
Ubiquilin-1 and protein quality control in Alzheimer disease.
Progression of Alzheimer disease in Europe: data from the European ICTUS study.
Increased acetyl and total histone levels in post-mortem Alzheimer's disease brain.
Alzheimer's disease severity and its association with patient and caregiver quality of life in Japan: results of a community-based survey.
Predicting Progression From Mild Cognitive Impairment to Alzheimer's Disease Using Autoregressive Modelling of Longitudinal and Multimodal Biomarkers.
Validation of the Spanish-language version of the Relevant Outcome Scale for Alzheimer's Disease.
Selecting the most relevant brain regions to discriminate Alzheimer's disease patients from healthy controls using multiple kernel learning: A comparison across functional and structural imaging modalities and atlases.
Alzheimer's Disease Sequencing Project discovery and replication criteria for cases and controls: Data from a community-based prospective cohort study with autopsy follow-up.
Endothelial LRP1 - A Potential Target for the Treatment of Alzheimer's Disease : Theme: Drug Discovery, Development and Delivery in Alzheimer's Disease Guest Editor: Davide Brambilla.
Levels of plasma neurofilament light chain and cognitive function in patients with Alzheimer or Parkinson disease.
Alzheimer's disease research in the context of the national plan to address Alzheimer's disease.
Computable cause-and-effect models of healthy and Alzheimer's disease states and their mechanistic differential analysis.
Stimulation of ACE2/ANG(1-7)/Mas Axis by Diminazene Ameliorates Alzheimer's Disease in the D-Galactose-Ovariectomized Rat Model: Role of PI3K/Akt Pathway.
Working definitions, subjective and objective assessments and experimental paradigms in a study exploring social withdrawal in schizophrenia and Alzheimer's disease.
Linking Amyloid-β and Tau Deposition in Alzheimer Disease.
Ascertainment Bias in Statin Use and Alzheimer Disease Incidence.
Neuropsychiatric Symptoms and Neuroimaging Biomarkers in Alzheimer Disease: "Which is the Cart and Which is the Horse?"
The relationship between caregiving self-efficacy and depressive symptoms in family caregivers of patients with Alzheimer disease: a longitudinal study.
In vivo Evaluation and Alzheimer's Disease Treatment Outcome of siRNA Loaded Dual Targeting Drug Delivery System.
Effects of a medium-chain triglyceride-based ketogenic formula on cognitive function in patients with mild-to-moderate Alzheimer's disease.
Modulation of the Cannabinoid System: A New Perspective for the Treatment of the Alzheimer's Disease.
Monotherapy Is Good Enough for Patients with Mild-to-Moderate Alzheimer's Disease: A Network Meta-analysis of 76 Randomized Controlled Trials.
Daily rhythms of cognition-related factors are modified in an experimental model of Alzheimer's disease.
Thymoquinone alleviates the experimentally induced Alzheimer's disease inflammation by modulation of TLRs signaling.
Overview of the clinical implementation of a study exploring social withdrawal in patients with schizophrenia and Alzheimer's disease.
Functional connectivity change between posterior cingulate cortex and ventral attention network relates to the impairment of orientation for time in Alzheimer's disease patients.
β-Amyloid peptide increases levels of iron content and oxidative stress in human cell and Caenorhabditis elegans models of Alzheimer disease.
Automated classification of Alzheimer's disease and mild cognitive impairment using a single MRI and deep neural networks.
Is sporadic Alzheimer's disease a developmental disorder?
Effects of a Tailored Lighting Intervention on Sleep Quality, Rest-Activity, Mood, and Behavior in Older Adults With Alzheimer Disease and Related Dementias: A Randomized Clinical Trial.
Effects of Socioeconomic Status on Alzheimer Disease Mortality in Taiwan.
Essential Oils as Treatment Strategy for Alzheimer's Disease: Current and Future Perspectives.
Findings from the Swedish Study on Familial Alzheimer's Disease Including the APP Swedish Double Mutation.
Personalized medicine in Alzheimer's disease and depression.
Conquering Alzheimer's Disease by Self Treatment.
Multi-Modality Sparse Representation for Alzheimer's Disease Classification.
Pharmacogenetics of Angiotensin-Converting Enzyme Inhibitors in Patients with Alzheimer's Disease Dementia.
Theories of Aging and the Prevalence of Alzheimer's Disease.
Cortical thickness, brain metabolic activity, and in vivo amyloid deposition in asymptomatic, middle-aged offspring of patients with late-onset Alzheimer's disease.
Elucidating the Structures of Amyloid Oligomers with Macrocyclic β-Hairpin Peptides: Insights into Alzheimer's Disease and Other Amyloid Diseases.
Late-Life Vascular Risk Factors and Alzheimer Disease Neuropathology in Individuals with Normal Cognition.
Conditional Deletion of <i>Prnp</i> Rescues Behavioral and Synaptic Deficits after Disease Onset in Transgenic Alzheimer's Disease.
Association of late effects of single, severe traumatic brain injury with Alzheimer's disease using amyloid PET.
Subjective cognitive decline: preclinical manifestation of Alzheimer's disease.
A gold nanocluster chemical tongue sensor array for Alzheimer's disease diagnosis.
Supranutritional Sodium Selenate Supplementation Delivers Selenium to the Central Nervous System: Results from a Randomized Controlled Pilot Trial in Alzheimer's Disease.
Tannoid principles of Emblica officinalis renovate cognitive deficits and attenuate amyloid pathologies against aluminum chloride induced rat model of Alzheimer's disease.
Genetic Interaction with Plasma Lipids on Alzheimer's Disease in the Framingham Heart Study.
Non-Pharmacological Approaches to the Prevention and Treatment of Alzheimer's Disease with Respect to the Rising Treatment Costs.
Adaptive fusion of texture-based grading for Alzheimer's disease classification.
Precuneus Failures in Subjects of the PSEN1 E280A Family at Risk of Developing Alzheimer's Disease Detected Using Quantitative Electroencephalography.
TREM2 and the Progression of Alzheimer's Disease.
Down Syndrome, Partial Trisomy 21, and Absence of Alzheimer's Disease: The Role of APP.
Cerebral Amyloid Angiopathy-Related Microbleeds and Cerebrospinal Fluid Biomarkers in Alzheimer's Disease.
Association of cerebrospinal fluid Neurogranin with Alzheimer's disease.
An Emerging Role for Imaging White Matter in the Preclinical Risk for Alzheimer Disease: Linking β-Amyloid to Myelin.
Decreased generation of C-terminal fragments of ApoER2 and increased reelin expression in Alzheimer's disease.
White Matter Degeneration in Atypical Alzheimer Disease.
Neuropsychiatric subsyndromes and brain metabolic network dysfunctions in early onset Alzheimer's disease.
Tract-specific white matter hyperintensities disrupt neural network function in Alzheimer's disease.
Dazed and Confused: Medical Cannabis in Alzheimer Disease.
Evaluation of the Expression of Amyloid Precursor Protein and the Ratio of Secreted Amyloid Beta 42 to Amyloid Beta 40 in SH-SY5Y Cells Stably Transfected with Wild-Type, Single-Mutant and Double-Mutant Forms of the APP Gene for the Study of Alzheimer's Disease Pathology.
A Multi-Cohort Study of ApoE ɛ4 and Amyloid-β Effects on the Hippocampus in Alzheimer's Disease.
Three- and four-repeat Tau coassemble into heterogeneous filaments: an implication for Alzheimer disease.
Connexins and pannexins in Alzheimer's disease.
Reactive Astrocytes as Drug Target in Alzheimer's Disease.
Cell Therapy Products in Alzheimer Disease.
Increased susceptibility to metabolic dysregulation in a mouse model of Alzheimer's disease is associated with impaired hypothalamic insulin signaling and elevated BCAA levels.
The gut microbiota-derived metabolite trimethylamine N-oxide is elevated in Alzheimer's disease.
Neuropsychological predictors of conversion from mild cognitive impairment to Alzheimer's disease: a feature selection ensemble combining stability and predictability.
Inhibition of EHMT1/2 rescues synaptic and cognitive functions for Alzheimer's disease.
Alzheimer's disease like pathology induced six weeks after aggregated amyloid-beta injection in rats: increased oxidative stress and impaired long-term memory with anxiety-like behavior.
Canonical feature selection for joint regression and multi-class identification in Alzheimer's disease diagnosis.
Catechol-O-Methyltransferase Val158Met Polymorphism on Striatum Structural Covariance Networks in Alzheimer's Disease.
Impact of SSRI Therapy on Risk of Conversion From Mild Cognitive Impairment to Alzheimer's Dementia in Individuals With Previous Depression.
A similarity-based approach to leverage multi-cohort medical data on the diagnosis and prognosis of Alzheimer's disease.
Lack of neural compensatory mechanisms of BDNF val66met met carriers and APOE E4 carriers in healthy aging, mild cognitive impairment, and Alzheimer's disease.
Neutrophil adhesion in brain capillaries reduces cortical blood flow and impairs memory function in Alzheimer's disease mouse models.
Intracerebroventricular Streptozotocin as a Model of Alzheimer's Disease: Neurochemical and Behavioral Characterization in Mice.
Comparison of neuropsychological and functional outcomes in Alzheimer's disease patients with good or bad response to a cognitive stimulation treatment: a retrospective analysis.
Epileptic seizures in autosomal dominant forms of Alzheimer's disease.
Disease state changes and safety of long-term donepezil hydrochloride administration in patients with Alzheimer's disease: Japan-Great Outcome of Long-term trial with Donepezil (J-GOLD).
[<sup>18</sup>F]FMPEP-d<sub>2</sub> PET imaging shows age- and genotype-dependent impairments in the availability of cannabinoid receptor 1 in a mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Blockade of adenosine A<sub>2A</sub> receptors recovers early deficits of memory and plasticity in the triple transgenic mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Flavanol-rich lychee fruit extract substantially reduces progressive cognitive and molecular deficits in a triple-transgenic animal model of Alzheimer disease.
Genetic variants associated with Alzheimer's disease confer different cerebral cortex cell-type population structure.
The Phosphoinositide Signal Transduction Pathway in the Pathogenesis of Alzheimer's Disease.
Targeting PPARalpha in Alzheimer's Disease.
Understanding mechanisms and seeking cures for Alzheimer's disease: why we must be "extraordinarily diverse".
Brain Shuttle Antibody for Alzheimer's Disease with Attenuated Peripheral Effector Function due to an Inverted Binding Mode.
Identification of crizotinib derivatives as potent SHIP2 inhibitors for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease.
Targeted neurogenesis pathway-based gene analysis identifies ADORA2A associated with hippocampal volume in mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's disease.
Neuronal tetraploidization in the cerebral cortex correlates with reduced cognition in mice and precedes and recapitulates Alzheimer's-associated neuropathology.
Aerobic exercise improves quality of life, psychological well-being and systemic inflammation in subjects with Alzheimer's disease.
Explorative results from multistep screening for potential genetic risk loci of Alzheimer's disease in the longitudinal VITA study cohort.
Reversal of cognitive decline in Alzheimer's disease.
Cell-type Dependent Alzheimer's Disease Phenotypes: Probing the Biology of Selective Neuronal Vulnerability.
Associations of informant-based sleep reports with Alzheimer's disease pathologies.
Clinical meaningfulness of Alzheimer's Disease Assessment Scale-Cognitive subscale change in relation to goal attainment in patients on cholinesterase inhibitors.
Assessment of cerebral microbleeds by susceptibility-weighted imaging in Alzheimer's disease patients: A neuroimaging biomarker of the disease.
Classification of Alzheimer's Disease and Prediction of Mild Cognitive Impairment Conversion Using Histogram-Based Analysis of Patient-Specific Anatomical Brain Connectivity Networks.
Pharmacological Basis for the Use of Evodiamine in Alzheimer's Disease: Antioxidation and Antiapoptosis.
NLRP3 Inflammasome Inhibitor Ameliorates Amyloid Pathology in a Mouse Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
Spontaneous development of Alzheimer's disease-associated brain pathology in a Shugoshin-1 mouse cohesinopathy model.
A rare variant in MLKL confers susceptibility to ApoE ɛ4-negative Alzheimer's disease in Hong Kong Chinese population.
In vivo mapping of brainstem nuclei functional connectivity disruption in Alzheimer's disease.
Does posterior cingulate hypometabolism result from disconnection or local pathology across preclinical and clinical stages of Alzheimer's disease?
microRNA diagnostic panel for Alzheimer's disease and epigenetic trade-off between neurodegeneration and cancer.
Influence of microglia and astrocyte activation in the neuroinflammatory pathogenesis of Alzheimer's disease: Rational insights for the therapeutic approaches.
Could Alzheimer's Disease Originate in the Periphery and If So How So?
Adiponectin and sporadic Alzheimer's disease: Clinical and molecular links.
Inflammation: the link between comorbidities, genetics, and Alzheimer's disease.
Decreased cerebral Irp-1B limits impact of social isolation in wild type and Alzheimer's disease modeled in Drosophila melanogaster.
Frontal Cortex Epigenetic Dysregulation During the Progression of Alzheimer's Disease.
Analysis of 50 Neurodegenerative Genes in Clinically Diagnosed Early-Onset Alzheimer's Disease.
Letter re: Gram-negative bacterial molecules associate with Alzheimer disease pathology.
Endoplasmic reticulum stress responses in mouse models of Alzheimer's disease: Overexpression paradigm <i>versus</i> knockin paradigm.
Association of the CX3CR1-V249I Variant with Neurofibrillary Pathology Progression in Late-Onset Alzheimer's Disease.
The phenotypical core of Alzheimer's disease-related and nonrelated variants of the corticobasal syndrome: A systematic clinical, neuropsychological, imaging, and biomarker study.
Vildagliptin prevents cognitive deficits and neuronal apoptosis in a rat model of Alzheimer's disease.
Genetic deletion of CB<sub>1</sub> cannabinoid receptors exacerbates the Alzheimer-like symptoms in a transgenic animal model.
A neuroimaging approach to capture cognitive reserve: Application to Alzheimer's disease.
The Erythrocytic Hypothesis of Brain Energy Crisis in Sporadic Alzheimer Disease: Possible Consequences and Supporting Evidence.
Progressive Language Impairment in an English-Italian Bilingual Woman With Alzheimer Disease: An 18-Month Follow-up.
Alzheimer disease: Peripheral Aβ clearance - a therapeutic strategy for AD?
An alkaline phosphatase transport mechanism in the pathogenesis of Alzheimer's disease and neurodegeneration.
Genetic variants associated with neurodegenerative Alzheimer disease in natural models.
Voluntary Running Attenuates Memory Loss, Decreases Neuropathological Changes and Induces Neurogenesis in a Mouse Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
Is there evidence for cognitive intervention in Alzheimer disease? A systematic review of efficacy, feasibility, and cost-effectiveness.
ATP Binding Cassette Subfamily A Member 2 (ABCA2) Expression and Methylation are Associated with Alzheimer's Disease.
[The diagnostic framework for screening Alzheimer's disease in the Chinese population].
Balance and gait of adults with very mild Alzheimer disease.
Apolipoprotein E and gray matter volume loss in patients with mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer disease.
Accuracy of summary risk score for prediction of Alzheimer disease: better than demographics alone?
Intranasal insulin treatment improves memory and learning in a rat amyloid-beta model of Alzheimer's disease.
The Role of Cdk5 in Alzheimer's Disease.
Neuro-protective effects of aloperine in an Alzheimer's disease cellular model.
Conflicting cerebrospinal fluid biomarkers and progression to dementia due to Alzheimer's disease.
Association of Variants in PINX1 and TREM2 With Late-Onset Alzheimer Disease.
Phenotypic Screening Identifies Modulators of Amyloid Precursor Protein Processing in Human Stem Cell Models of Alzheimer's Disease.
Regional distribution of synaptic markers and APP correlate with distinct clinicopathological features in sporadic and familial Alzheimer's disease.
Ceruloplasmin, a Potential Therapeutic Agent for Alzheimer's Disease.
Xanthoceras sorbifolia extracts ameliorate dendritic spine deficiency and cognitive decline via upregulation of BDNF expression in a rat model of Alzheimer's disease.
Alzheimer disease: The involvement of TREM2 R47H variant in Alzheimer disease confirmed, but mechanisms remain elusive.
Comparing Crowdsourcing and Friendsourcing: A Social Media-Based Feasibility Study to Support Alzheimer Disease Caregivers.
Chorein Deficiency and Alzheimer Disease: An Intriguing, Yet Premature Speculation.
Heterozygous Deletion of Chorein Exons 70-73 and GNA14 Exons 3-7 in a Brazilian Patient Presenting With Probable Tau-Negative Early-Onset Alzheimer Disease.
Selecting for neurogenic potential as an alternative for Alzheimer's disease drug discovery.
Apathy as a feature of prodromal Alzheimer's disease: an FDG-PET ADNI study.
The Physical Activity and Alzheimer's Disease (PAAD) Study: Cognitive outcomes.
Linkage analysis of autopsy-confirmed familial Alzheimer disease supports an Alzheimer disease locus in 8q24.
Elevated galanin may predict the risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus for development of Alzheimer's disease.
Occupational Exposure to Aluminum and Alzheimer Disease: A Meta-Analysis.
Alzheimer disease: Cerebrospinal fluid markers for AD change during middle age.
Drug use in persons with and without Alzheimer's disease aged 90 years or more.
Alzheimer disease: Insulin resistance could be linked to risk of AD via reduced glucose uptake.
Alzheimer disease periventricular white matter lesions exhibit specific proteomic profile alterations.
The identification of cognitive subtypes in Alzheimer's disease dementia using latent class analysis.
Uncontrolled SFK-mediated protein trafficking in prion and Alzheimer's disease.
Neurovascular uncoupling in the triple transgenic model of Alzheimer's disease: Impaired cerebral blood flow response to neuronal-derived nitric oxide signaling.
Change in risk of Alzheimer disease over time.
Metabolomics study to identify plasma biomarkers in alzheimer disease: ApoE genotype effect.
Independent and epistatic effects of variants in VPS10-d receptors on Alzheimer disease risk and processing of the amyloid precursor protein (APP).
What is Your Risk of Contracting Alzheimer's Disease? A Telematics Tool Helps you to Predict it.
Alzheimer disease: are we intervening too late? Pro.
Brain source localization of MMN and P300 ERPs in mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's disease: a high-density EEG approach.
Increased expression of importin-β, exportin-5 and nuclear transportable proteins in Alzheimer's disease aids anatomic pathologists in its diagnosis.
Alzheimer's disease neuropathologic change, Lewy body disease, and vascular brain injury in clinic- and community-based samples.
Plasma prion protein concentration and progression of Alzheimer disease.
<i>CYP2C19</i> variant mitigates Alzheimer disease pathophysiology in vivo and postmortem.
Mental-orientation: A new approach to assessing patients across the Alzheimer's disease spectrum.
Vascular Endothelial Growth Factor remains unchanged in cerebrospinal fluid of patients with Alzheimer's disease and vascular dementia.
Rey's Auditory Verbal Learning Test scores can be predicted from whole brain MRI in Alzheimer's disease.
Clinical trials of new drugs for Alzheimer disease.
Diffusion Tensor Imaging Predictors of Episodic Memory Decline in Healthy Elders at Genetic Risk for Alzheimer's Disease.
Prediction of Free and Cued Selective Reminding Test Performance Using Volumetric and Amyloid-Based Biomarkers of Alzheimer's Disease.
Blood-derived integration-free iPS cell line UKBi011-A from a diagnosed male Alzheimer's disease patient with APOE ɛ4/ɛ4 genotype.
Inflammatory hypothesis as a link between Alzheimer's disease and diabetes mellitus.
Neuroimaging correlates of neuropsychiatric symptoms in Alzheimer's disease: a review of 20 years of research.
Enhanced capillary electrophoretic screening of Alzheimer based on direct apolipoprotein E genotyping and one-step multiplex PCR.
MicroRNA-144 is regulated by activator protein-1 (AP-1) and decreases expression of Alzheimer disease-related a disintegrin and metalloprotease 10 (ADAM10).
SOD1 (copper/zinc superoxide dismutase) deficiency drives amyloid β protein oligomerization and memory loss in mouse model of Alzheimer disease.
Blood-Brain Barrier Leakage in Early Alzheimer Disease.
Depression in patients with moderate Alzheimer disease: a prospective observational cohort study.
Immunotherapy to improve cognition and reduce pathological species in an Alzheimer's disease mouse model.
Nonmelanoma skin cancer is associated with reduced Alzheimer disease risk.
Stress Granules Modulate SYK to Cause Microglial Cell Dysfunction in Alzheimer's Disease.
Systemic inflammation and disease progression in Alzheimer disease.
National Institute on Aging - Alzheimer's Association Research Framework lays the groundwork for deeper understanding of Alzheimer's disease.
18F PET with florbetapir for the early diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease dementia and other dementias in people with mild cognitive impairment (MCI).
Development of an UPLC-MS/MS method for simultaneous quantitation of 11 d-amino acids in different regions of rat brain: Application to a study on the associations of d-amino acid concentration changes and Alzheimer's disease.
Alzheimer's Disease is an Important Risk Factor of Fractures: a Meta-analysis of Cohort Studies.
Contilisant, a Tetratarget Small Molecule for Alzheimer's Disease Therapy Combining Cholinesterase, Monoamine Oxidase Inhibition, and H3R Antagonism with S1R Agonism Profile.
Alzheimer's Disease-Current Status and Future Directions.
Biomarker validation of a cued recall memory deficit in prodromal Alzheimer disease.
The Involvement of Post-Translational Modifications in Alzheimer's Disease.
[Clinical presentation of Moroccan cases with Alzheimer's disease].
Design, synthesis and biological evaluation of 1,4-Diazobicylco[3.2.2]nonane derivatives as α7-Nicotinic acetylcholine receptor PET/CT imaging agents and agonists for Alzheimer's disease.
Protective effects of microRNA-330 on amyloid β-protein production, oxidative stress, and mitochondrial dysfunction in Alzheimer's disease by targeting VAV1 via the MAPK signaling pathway.
Synergistic interaction between APOE and family history of Alzheimer's disease on cerebral amyloid deposition and glucose metabolism.
Peripheral Blood Brain-Derived Neurotrophic Factor as a Biomarker of Alzheimer's Disease: Are There Methodological Biases?
The Dynamics of Neurosteroids and Sex-Related Hormones in the Pathogenesis of Alzheimer's Disease.
Amylin Receptor: A Potential Therapeutic Target for Alzheimer's Disease.
Alzheimer disease makes new blood contacts.
Chronic Hippocampal Expression of Notch Intracellular Domain Induces Vascular Thickening, Reduces Glucose Availability, and Exacerbates Spatial Memory Deficits in a Rat Model of Early Alzheimer.
Whither the hippocampus? FDG-PET hippocampal hypometabolism in Alzheimer disease revisited.
Donepezil plasma concentrations, CYP2D6 and CYP3A4 phenotypes, and cognitive outcome in Alzheimer's disease.
Phase 2 safety trial targeting amyloid beta production with a gamma-secretase inhibitor in Alzheimer disease.
Author response: Gram-negative bacterial molecules associate with Alzheimer disease pathology.
New Insights Into Brain Mechanisms Underlying Neuropsychiatric Symptoms in Alzheimer Disease.
Follow-up of [11C]PIB uptake and brain volume in patients with Alzheimer disease and controls.
Sugary beverage intake and preclinical Alzheimer's disease in the community.
The roles of amyloid precursor protein (APP) in neurogenesis: Implications to pathogenesis and therapy of Alzheimer disease.
Donepezil-based multi-functional cholinesterase inhibitors for treatment of Alzheimer's disease.
Effects of aerobic exercise on cognition and hippocampal volume in Alzheimer's disease: study protocol of a randomized controlled trial (The FIT-AD trial).
Amyloid-β Increases Tau by Mediating Sirtuin 3 in Alzheimer's Disease.
Subcortical nuclei in Alzheimer's disease: a volumetric and diffusion kurtosis imaging study.
Environmental enrichment reverses Aβ pathology during pregnancy in a mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Predication of different stages of Alzheimer's disease using neighborhood component analysis and ensemble decision tree.
Design, Synthesis, and Biological Evaluation of 1-Benzylamino-2-hydroxyalkyl Derivatives as New Potential Disease-Modifying Multifunctional Anti-Alzheimer's Agents.
Long‑term behavioral, histological, biochemical and hematological evaluations of amyloid beta‑induced Alzheimer's disease in rat.
Comparative study of the effects of phosphatidylcholine rich in DHA and EPA on Alzheimer's disease and the possible mechanisms in CHO-APP/PS1 cells and SAMP8 mice.
Association of Alzheimer Disease Susceptibility Variants and Gene Expression in the Human Brain-Reply.
Impaired thermoregulation and beneficial effects of thermoneutrality in the 3×Tg-AD model of Alzheimer's disease.
Rare ABCA7 variants in Alzheimer disease: Guilt by association.
MK-0677, a Ghrelin Agonist, Alleviates Amyloid Beta-Related Pathology in 5XFAD Mice, an Animal Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
[Suspected Non-Alzheimer's Disease Pathophysiology (SNAP) and Its Pathological Backgrounds in the Diagnosis of Preclinical and Clinical Alzheimer's Disease].
A novel method and software for automatically classifying Alzheimer's disease patients by magnetic resonance imaging analysis.
Molecular Mechanisms of Microglial Motility: Changes in Ageing and Alzheimer's Disease.
Recruitment methods for United States Alzheimer disease prevention trials.
Psychological, behavioral and social effects of disclosing Alzheimer's disease biomarkers to research participants: a systematic review.
An alternative way for the evaluation of zinc status in the elderly; nail zinc levels and relationship with Alzheimer's disease.
The human brainome: network analysis identifies HSPA2 as a novel Alzheimer&rsquo;s disease target.
The functional neuroanatomy of verbal memory in Alzheimer's disease: [<sup>18</sup>F]-Fluoro-2-deoxy-D-glucose positron emission tomography (FDG-PET) correlates of recency and recognition memory.
Stereological Evaluation of the Optic Nerve Volume in Alzheimer Disease.
Alzheimer disease: Iron--the missing link between ApoE and Alzheimer disease?
[Alzheimer's disease therapy: challenges and perspectives.]
Factors associated with resistance to dementia despite high Alzheimer disease pathology.
(99m)Tc hexamethyl-propylene-aminoxime single-photon emission computed tomography prediction of conversion from mild cognitive impairment to Alzheimer disease.
[Does Alzheimer Disease mean dementia?].
Advances in Methodology in Geriatric Mental Health: Application to Studies of Alzheimer Disease and Related Disorders.
Drugs for Targeted Therapies of Alzheimer's Disease.
Down syndrome, Alzheimer disease, and cerebral amyloid angiopathy: The complex triangle of brain amyloidosis.
White matter diffusion alterations precede symptom onset in autosomal dominant Alzheimer's disease.
A review of biomarkers of Alzheimer's disease in noninvasive samples.
Neuroprotective strategies involving ROS in Alzheimer disease.
Peripheral post-ischemic vascular repair is impaired in a murine model of Alzheimer's disease.
CART peptide activates the Nrf2/HO-1 antioxidant pathway and protects hippocampal neurons in a rat model of Alzheimer's disease.
Aβ mediates F-actin disassembly in dendritic spines leading to cognitive deficits in Alzheimer's disease.
Anti-α4β1 Integrin Antibodies Attenuated Brain Inflammatory Changes in a Mouse Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
Benefit of 13-desmethyl spirolide C treatment in triple transgenic mouse model of Alzheimer disease: beta-amyloid and neuronal markers improvement.
How does diabetes accelerate Alzheimer disease pathology?
Nootropic and Anti-Alzheimer's Actions of Medicinal Plants: Molecular Insight into Therapeutic Potential to Alleviate Alzheimer's Neuropathology.
An update on the interactions between Alzheimer's disease, autophagy and inflammation.
Severe motor neuron degeneration in the spinal cord of the Tg2576 mouse model of Alzheimer disease.
The efficacy of donepezil administration on acetylcholinesterase activity and altered redox homeostasis in Alzheimer's disease.
Forecasting the prevalence of preclinical and clinical Alzheimer's disease in the United States.
High molecular mass assemblies of amyloid-β oligomers bind prion protein in patients with Alzheimer's disease.
SORL1 Is Associated with the Risk of Late-Onset Alzheimer's Disease: a Replication Study and Meta-Analyses.
The role of arginine-nitric oxide pathway in patients with Alzheimer disease.
Testing the therapeutic potential of doxycycline in a Drosophila melanogaster model of Alzheimer disease.
Aggregation properties of the small nuclear ribonucleoprotein U1-70K in Alzheimer disease.
Catechol-O-methyltransferase, Cognition and Alzheimer's Disease.
The APOE4 allele shows opposite sex bias in microbleeds and Alzheimer's disease of humans and mice.
Suppression of eIF2α kinases alleviates Alzheimer's disease-related plasticity and memory deficits.
Dissecting the Role of 5-Lipoxygenase in the Homocysteine-Induced Alzheimer's Disease Pathology.
GLP-1 receptor agonists downregulate aberrant GnT-III expression in Alzheimer's disease models through the Akt/GSK-3β/β-catenin signaling.
CIP2A Causes Tau/APP Phosphorylation, Synaptopathy, and Memory Deficits in Alzheimer's Disease.
Advances in understanding Alzheimer's disease, and the contributions of current Alzheimer research: ten years on and beyond.
Enantioselective determination of aspartate and glutamate in biological samples by ultrasonic-assisted derivatization coupled with capillary electrophoresis and linked to Alzheimer's disease progression.
<sup>18</sup>F-AV-1451 and CSF T-tau and P-tau as biomarkers in Alzheimer's disease.
Low cerebrospinal fluid concentration of mitochondrial DNA in preclinical Alzheimer disease.
Characterizing White Matter Tract Degeneration in Syndromic Variants of Alzheimer's Disease: A Diffusion Tensor Imaging Study.
Commonalities in Biological Pathways, Genetics, and Cellular Mechanism between Alzheimer Disease and Other Neurodegenerative Diseases: An In Silico-Updated Overview.
Immunization of Tg-APPswe/PSEN1dE9 mice with Aβ3-10-KLH vaccine prevents synaptic deficits of Alzheimer's disease.
Reduction in white matter before and after the development of delusions of theft in a patient with Alzheimer disease.
Traumatic brain injury accelerates amyloid-β deposition and impairs spatial learning in the triple-transgenic mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Inflammasome-derived cytokine IL18 suppresses amyloid-induced seizures in Alzheimer-prone mice.
Link between chronic bacterial inflammation and Alzheimer disease.
Employing Alzheimer disease animal models for translational research: focus on dietary components.
Calpain activation promotes BACE1 expression, amyloid precursor protein processing, and amyloid plaque formation in a transgenic mouse model of Alzheimer disease.
Cortical pyroglutamate amyloid-β levels and cognitive decline in Alzheimer's disease.
The Exceptional Vulnerability of Humans to Alzheimer's Disease.
Molecular Imaging of the Nicotinic Cholinergic Receptor in Alzheimer Disease.
Drug treatments in Alzheimer's disease.
Development and validation of Alzheimer's Disease Animal Model for the Purpose of Regenerative Medicine.
Association of cerebrovascular dysfunction with the development of Alzheimer's disease-like pathology in OXYS rats.
Deciphering metabolic abnormalities associated with Alzheimer's disease in the APP/PS1 mouse model using integrated metabolomic approaches.
Environmental and Dietary Exposure to Copper and Its Cellular Mechanisms Linking to Alzheimer's Disease.
Family History of Alzheimer's Disease and Cortical Thickness in Patients With Dementia.
Association between neurotrophin-3 polymorphisms and executive function in Japanese patients with amnestic mild cognitive impairment and mild Alzheimer disease.
Presenilins and γ-secretase: structure, function, and role in Alzheimer Disease.
Accumulation of murine amyloid-β mimics early Alzheimer's disease.
Pyroglutamate-3 amyloid-β deposition in the brains of humans, non-human primates, canines, and Alzheimer disease-like transgenic mouse models.
Helicobacter pylori seropositivity and its association with incident all-cause and Alzheimer's disease dementia in large national surveys.
Monogenic inheritance in early-onset dementia: illustration in Alzheimer's disease and frontotemporal lobar dementia.
CSF tau is associated with impaired cortical plasticity, cognitive decline and astrocyte survival only in APOE4-positive Alzheimer's disease.
Design, synthesis and biological evaluation of hydroxypyridinone-coumarin hybrids as multimodal monoamine oxidase B inhibitors and iron chelates against Alzheimer's disease.
Neuropsychiatric symptoms of the elderly with Alzheimer's disease and the family caregivers' distress.
DNA methylation of Alzheimer disease and tauopathy-related genes in postmortem brain.
A blood based 12-miRNA signature of Alzheimer disease patients.
Association Between Later Life Lifestyle Factors and Alzheimer's Disease Biomarkers in Non-Demented Individuals: A Longitudinal Descriptive Cohort Study.
Toxoplasma gondii infection and risk of Parkinson and Alzheimer diseases: A systematic review and meta-analysis on observational studies.
DNA Aβ42 vaccination as possible alternative immunotherapy for Alzheimer disease.
New York can be our nation's center for Alzheimer's research.
Toluidine blue O modifies hippocampal amyloid pathology in a transgenic mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
A simple and clinically relevant combination of neuroimaging and functional indexes for the identification of those at highest risk of Alzheimer's disease.
Integrated Biomarkers for Depression in Alzheimer's Disease: A Critical Review.
Clearing Amyloid-β through PPARγ/ApoE Activation by Genistein is a Treatment of Experimental Alzheimer's Disease.
Phenylbutyrate rescues dendritic spine loss associated with memory deficits in a mouse model of Alzheimer disease.
Alterations of hippocampal neurogenesis during development of Alzheimer's disease-like pathology in OXYS rats.
Progressive changes in hippocampal resting-state connectivity across cognitive impairment: a cross-sectional study from normal to Alzheimer disease.
Melanopsin retinal ganglion cell loss and circadian dysfunction in Alzheimer's disease (Review).
Visit-to-visit blood pressure variability in Alzheimer disease.
New Genetic Links Between Alzheimer Disease and Immune-Mediated Diseases Revealed by Overlapping Genome-wide Association Study Hits.
Selective deletion of apolipoprotein E in astrocytes ameliorates the spatial learning and memory deficits in Alzheimer's disease (APP/PS1) mice by inhibiting TGF-β/Smad2/STAT3 signaling.
A case of globular glial tauopathy presenting clinically as alzheimer disease.
Intranasal telmisartan ameliorates brain pathology in five familial Alzheimer's disease mice.
Can Alzheimer disease be a form of type 3 diabetes?
Effect of EPHA1 genetic variation on cerebrospinal fluid and neuroimaging biomarkers in healthy, mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's disease cohorts.
Taraxerol as a possible therapeutic agent on memory impairments and Alzheimer's disease: Effects against scopolamine and streptozotocin-induced cognitive dysfunctions.
Cinnamon, a promising prospect towards Alzheimer's disease.
An intronic CYP46A1 polymorphism is associated with Alzheimer disease in a Chinese Han population.
Effect of Linguizhugan decoction on neuroinflammation and expression disorder of the amyloid β‑related transporters RAGE and LRP‑1 in a rat model of Alzheimer's disease.
Application of the condensed protocol for the NIA-AA guidelines for the neuropathological assessment of Alzheimer's disease in an academic clinical practice.
Chronic nicotine attenuates behavioral and synaptic plasticity impairments in a streptozotocin model of Alzheimer's disease.
The effectiveness and safety of acupuncture for patients with Alzheimer disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Incidence of new-onset seizures in mild to moderate Alzheimer disease.
Diagnosis and treatment of dementia: 6. Management of severe Alzheimer disease.
Genetic Association of HLA Gene Variants with MRI Brain Structure in Alzheimer's Disease.
Default network is not hypoactive in dementia with fluctuating cognition: an Alzheimer disease/dementia with Lewy bodies comparison.
Multiple Layers of <i>CDK5R1</i> Regulation in Alzheimer's Disease Implicate Long Non-Coding RNAs.
Increased Iron Deposition on Brain Quantitative Susceptibility Mapping Correlates with Decreased Cognitive Function in Alzheimer's Disease.
Systemic delivery of BACE1 siRNA through neuron-targeted nanocomplexes for treatment of Alzheimer's disease.
Cerebrospinal fluid abnormalities and rate of decline in everyday function across the dementia spectrum: normal aging, mild cognitive impairment, and Alzheimer disease.
Free and cued memory in relation to biomarker-defined abnormalities in clinically normal older adults and those at risk for Alzheimer's disease.
Effectiveness of Acupuncture for Alzheimer's Disease: An Updated Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.
Phage M13 for the treatment of Alzheimer and Parkinson disease.
Clinical validity of increased cortical uptake of amyloid ligands on PET as a biomarker for Alzheimer's disease in the context of a structured 5-phase development framework.
The metabolic brain signature of cognitive resilience in the 80+: beyond Alzheimer pathologies.
A new Alzheimer's disease cell model using B cells to induce beta amyloid plaque formation and increase TNF alpha expression.
Atomoxetine augmentation of cholinesterase inhibitor therapy in patients with Alzheimer disease: 6-month, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel-trial study.
Early brain connectivity alterations and cognitive impairment in a rat model of Alzheimer's disease.
Exploring Alzheimer's disease mouse brain through X-ray phase contrast tomography: From the cell to the organ.
Traceable Nanoparticle Delivery of Small Interfering RNA and Retinoic Acid with Temporally Release Ability to Control Neural Stem Cell Differentiation for Alzheimer's Disease Therapy.
IVIG treatment of mild cognitive impairment due to Alzheimer's disease: a randomised double-blinded exploratory study of the effect on brain atrophy, cognition and conversion to dementia.
Heterogeneity of Treatment Response to Citalopram for Patients With Alzheimer's Disease With Aggression or Agitation: The CitAD Randomized Clinical Trial.
Cognitive composite score association with Alzheimer's disease plaque and tangle pathology.
Neuroanatomical Correlates of Recognizing Face Expressions in Mild Stages of Alzheimer's Disease.
GBA mutations increase risk for Lewy body disease with and without Alzheimer disease pathology.
Frontolimbic atrophy is associated with agitation and aggression in mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's disease.
Greater Cognitive Deficits with Sleep-disordered Breathing among Individuals with Genetic Susceptibility to Alzheimer Disease. The Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis.
Validating the role of the Australian National University Alzheimer's Disease Risk Index (ANU-ADRI) and a genetic risk score in progression to cognitive impairment in a population-based cohort of older adults followed for 12 years.
The Bridging Integrator 1 Gene Polymorphism rs744373 and the Risk of Alzheimer's Disease in Caucasian and Asian Populations: An Updated Meta-Analysis.
Changes in concentrations of tau-reactive antibodies are dependent on sex in Alzheimer's disease patients.
Understanding of legal aspects of Alzheimer disease among caregivers, medical students, and healthcare professionals.
Incidence of Dementia and Alzheimer Disease Over Time: A Meta-Analysis.
Alzheimer's disease risk factors as mediators of subjective memory impairment and objective memory decline: protocol for a construct-level replication analysis.
L-Norvaline Reverses Cognitive Decline and Synaptic Loss in a Murine Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
A Case Study of the Long-Lasting Effects of Cognitive Training on Similar Tasks in Alzheimer's Disease.
Community engagement in diverse populations for Alzheimer disease prevention trials.
Isoprenoids and protein prenylation: implications in the pathogenesis and therapeutic intervention of Alzheimer's disease.
Have there been improvements in Alzheimer's disease drug discovery over the past 5 years?
Depression and Alzheimer's Disease Biomarkers Predict Driving Decline.
Class-Specific Incidence of All-Cause Dementia and Alzheimer's Disease: A Latent Class Approach.
Overactive BRCA1 Affects Presenilin 1 in Induced Pluripotent Stem Cell-Derived Neurons in Alzheimer's Disease.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation intervention in Alzheimer's disease: a research proposal for a randomized controlled trial.
A framework to understand the variations of PSD-95 expression in brain aging and in Alzheimer's disease.
Phagocytic clearance of presynaptic dystrophies by reactive astrocytes in Alzheimer's disease.
Association between Cerebrospinal Fluid Biomarkers for Alzheimer's Disease, APOE Genotypes and Auditory Verbal Learning Task in Subjective Cognitive Decline, Mild Cognitive Impairment, and Alzheimer's Disease.
Alzheimer Disease: Misfolded diabetes-mellitus peptide seeds amyloid-β aggregation.
Quantitative Measurements of Motor Function in Alzheimer's Disease, Frontotemporal Dementia, and Dementia with Lewy Bodies: A Proof-of-Concept Study.
The Coming of Age of the Angiotensin Hypothesis in Alzheimer's Disease: Progress Toward Disease Prevention and Treatment?
Association of vascular endothelial growth factor levels in CSF and cerebral glucose metabolism across the Alzheimer's disease spectrum.
Aβ-degrading enzymes: potential for treatment of Alzheimer disease.
A Comparative Study Evaluating the Impact of Physical Exercise on Disease Progression in a Mouse Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
Alzheimer disease biomarkers and insights into mild cognitive impairment.
Are the brain's vascular and Alzheimer pathologies additive or interactive?
Cognitive Decline in Preclinical Stage 2 Alzheimer Disease and Implications for Prevention Trials.
Tau Protein Disrupts Nucleocytoplasmic Transport in Alzheimer's Disease.
Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease with Alzheimer pathology, presenting with status epilepticus following repeated partial seizures: a case report and literature review.
Exploring the role of vitamin D in type 1 diabetes, rheumatoid arthritis, and Alzheimer disease: new insights from accurate analysis of 10 forms.
Search for biomarkers of Alzheimer's disease: Recent insights, current challenges and future prospects.
Phosphorylation of Tau protein correlates with changes in hippocampal theta oscillations and reduces hippocampal excitability in Alzheimer's model.
CFH Variants Affect Structural and Functional Brain Changes and Genetic Risk of Alzheimer's Disease.
Inflammation in Alzheimer disease-a brief review of the basic science and clinical literature.
Measuring Alzheimer disease progression with transition probabilities: estimates from NACC-UDS.
Iso-α-acids, Bitter Components of Beer, Prevent Inflammation and Cognitive Decline Induced in a Mouse Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
Obesity as a risk factor for Alzheimer's disease: weighing the evidence.
The Potential Impact of Alzheimer's Disease Early Treatment on Societal Costs of Care in Czechia: A Simulation Approach.
Cox-2 Plays a Vital Role in the Impaired Anxiety Like Behavior in Colchicine Induced Rat Model of Alzheimer Disease.
In-vivo brain neuroimaging provides a gateway for integrating biological and clinical biomarkers of Alzheimer's disease.
The protective role of endogenous n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in Tau Alzheimer's disease mouse model.
Gender and Pathology-Specific Effect of Apolipoprotein E Genotype on Psychosis in Alzheimer's Disease.
Apolipoprotein E-mediated Modulation of ADAM10 in Alzheimer's Disease.
Caregiver burden and prevalence of depression, anxiety and sleep disturbances in Alzheimer's disease caregivers in China.
Repression of the eIF2α kinase PERK alleviates mGluR-LTD impairments in a mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Ezrin Expression is Increased During Disease Progression in a Tauopathy Mouse Model and Alzheimer's Disease.
Rapid HPLC-ESI-MS/MS Analysis of Neurotransmitters in the Brain Tissue of Alzheimer's Disease Rats before and after Oral Administration of <i>Xanthoceras sorbifolia</i> Bunge.
The Japanese version of the Rapid Dementia Screening Test is effective compared to the clock-drawing test for detecting patients with mild Alzheimer's disease.
Classification and basic pathology of Alzheimer disease.
Stable size distribution of amyloid plaques over the course of Alzheimer disease.
Examination of hippocampal differences between Alzheimer disease, amnestic mild cognitive impairment and normal aging: diffusion kurtosis.
Enhanced susceptibility of triple transgenic Alzheimer's disease (3xTg-AD) mice to acute infection.
Genetic aspects of Alzheimer disease.
The relationship between iron dyshomeostasis and amyloidogenesis in Alzheimer's disease: Two sides of the same coin.
Ecological evaluation of executive functions in mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer disease.
Exploring family stigma among caregivers of persons with Alzheimer's disease: The experiences of Israeli-Arab caregivers.
Alzheimer disease: scanning ultrasound elicits amyloid-β clearance in mice.
Homozygosity of the autosomal dominant Alzheimer disease presenilin 1 E280A mutation.
Regulation of cerebral cholesterol metabolism in Alzheimer disease.
Linarin improves the dyskinesia recovery in Alzheimer's disease zebrafish by inhibiting the acetylcholinesterase activity.
Amyloid status imputed from a multimodal classifier including structural MRI distinguishes progressors from nonprogressors in a mild Alzheimer's disease clinical trial cohort.
IV immunoglobulin is associated with a reduced risk of Alzheimer disease and related disorders.
Cognitive changes under memantine according to vitamin D status in Alzheimer patients: An exposed/unexposed cohort pilot study.
Estimating sample sizes for predementia Alzheimer's trials based on the Alzheimer's Disease Neuroimaging Initiative.
Circulating Plasma microRNAs are Altered with Amyloidosis in a Mouse Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
Study of the levels of processing in language production in bilingual patients with Alzheimer's disease from early to medium stage.
Revisiting P300 cognitive studies for dementia diagnosis: Early dementia with Lewy bodies (DLB) and Alzheimer disease (AD).
Chitinase enzyme activity in CSF is a powerful biomarker of Alzheimer disease.
Homocysteine concentrations in the cognitive progression of Alzheimer's disease.
Positive and negative effects of prostaglandins in Alzheimer's disease.
Cognitive heterogeneity in probable Alzheimer disease: Clinical and neuropathologic features.
Gender differences in behavioral and psychological symptoms of patients with Alzheimer's disease.
Loss of calretinin and parvalbumin positive interneurones in the hippocampal CA1 of aged Alzheimer's disease mice.
Delineating Amyloid Plaque Associated Neuronal Sphingolipids in Transgenic Alzheimer's Disease Mice (tgArcSwe) Using MALDI Imaging Mass Spectrometry.
Reduced nitric oxide bioavailability mediates cerebroarterial dysfunction independent of cerebral amyloid angiopathy in a mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
The Implications of Autophagy in Alzheimer's Disease.
The Role of Lipids and Membranes in the Pathogenesis of Alzheimer's Disease: A Comprehensive View.
Strategies for Continued Successful Treatment in Patients with Alzheimer's Disease: An Overview of Switching Between Pharmacological Agents.
The hematopoietic growth factor "erythropoietin" enhances the therapeutic effect of mesenchymal stem cells in Alzheimer's disease.
Characterization of a 3xTg-AD mouse model of Alzheimer's disease with the senescence accelerated mouse prone 8 (SAMP8) background.
Mutation burden profile in familial Alzheimer's disease cases from India.
Does traumatic brain injury hold the key to the Alzheimer's disease puzzle?
Nutritional patterns associated with the maintenance of neurocognitive functions and the risk of dementia and Alzheimer's disease: A focus on human studies.
Angelica tenuissima Nakai Ameliorates Cognitive Impairment and Promotes Neurogenesis in Mouse Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
Palmitoylethanolamide Dampens Reactive Astrogliosis and Improves Neuronal Trophic Support in a Triple Transgenic Model of Alzheimer's Disease: <i>In Vitro</i> and <i>In Vivo</i> Evidence.
Ultramicronized palmitoylethanolamide rescues learning and memory impairments in a triple transgenic mouse model of Alzheimer's disease by exerting anti-inflammatory and neuroprotective effects.
Neuroprotective role of Asiatic acid in aluminium chloride induced rat model of Alzheimer's disease.
Neuroinflammation in Alzheimer's disease: chemokines produced by astrocytes and chemokine receptors.
APOE allele frequencies in suspected non-amyloid pathophysiology (SNAP) and the prodromal stages of Alzheimer's Disease.
Supervoxels-Based Histon as a New Alzheimer's Disease Imaging Biomarker.
Hospitalizations for ambulatory care sensitive conditions and unplanned readmissions among Medicare beneficiaries with Alzheimer's disease.
The flavonoid quercetin ameliorates Alzheimer's disease pathology and protects cognitive and emotional function in aged triple transgenic Alzheimer's disease model mice.
Social workers' and nurses' illness representations about Alzheimer disease: an exploratory study.
Alzheimer's disease cerebrospinal fluid biomarkers predict cognitive decline in lewy body dementia.
RIPK1 mediates a disease-associated microglial response in Alzheimer's disease.
New flavonoid - <i>N</i>,<i>N</i>-dibenzyl(<i>N</i>-methyl)amine hybrids: Multi-target-directed agents for Alzheimer´s disease endowed with neurogenic properties.
Why musical memory can be preserved in advanced Alzheimer's disease.
Validated Alzheimer's Disease Risk Index (ANU-ADRI) is associated with smaller volumes in the default mode network in the early 60s.
APOE ε4 is associated with higher levels of CSF SNAP-25 in prodromal Alzheimer's disease.
Alzheimer disease: Identification of novel Aβ inhibitors.
Tau positron emission tomography using [<sup>18</sup>F]THK5351 and cerebral glucose hypometabolism in Alzheimer's disease.
[Effect of new polyprenol drug ropren on anxiety-depressive-like behavior in rats with experimental Alzheimer disease].
Evidence to Consider Angiotensin II Receptor Blockers for the Treatment of Early Alzheimer's Disease.
Alzheimer's disease: clinical update on epidemiology, pathophysiology and diagnosis.
Alternative cleavage and polyadenylation of genes associated with protein turnover and mitochondrial function are deregulated in Parkinson's, Alzheimer's and ALS disease.
Emerging concepts in Alzheimer's disease.
[Palliative care and Alzheimer disease].
Pittsburgh Compound B and AV-1451 positron emission tomography assessment of molecular pathologies of Alzheimer's disease in progressive supranuclear palsy.
Association between Alzheimer disease and the -491T allele of regulatory region polymorphism of Apolipoprotein E in a Tunisian population.
Homocysteine and holotranscobalamin and the risk of Alzheimer disease: a longitudinal study.
MAXCOG-Maximizing Cognition: A Randomized Controlled Trial of the Efficacy of Goal-Oriented Cognitive Rehabilitation for People with Mild Cognitive Impairment and Early Alzheimer Disease.
Topical Discoveries on Multi-Target Approach to Manage Alzheimer's Disease.
New Insights Into Autophagy Dysfunction Related to Amyloid Beta Toxicity and Neuropathology in Alzheimer's Disease.
Risk of incident stroke in patients with Alzheimer disease or vascular dementia.
No association between an intronic polymorphism in the presenilin-1 gene and Alzheimer disease in a Tunisian population.
Replication of CLU, CR1, and PICALM associations with alzheimer disease.
Alzheimer disease: 'generation next' in Alzheimer disease genetic studies.
Genetic screening in two Iranian families with early-onset Alzheimer's disease identified a novel PSEN1 mutation.
Distinct subtypes of Alzheimer's disease based on patterns of brain atrophy: longitudinal trajectories and clinical applications.
Insights into the Drug Repositioning Applied to the Alzheimer's Disease Treatment and Future Perspectives.
The Role of Eicosanoids in Alzheimer's Disease.
Dihydropyridine Derivatives Modulate Heat Shock Responses and have a Neuroprotective Effect in a Transgenic Mouse Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
Pharmacokinetics, Pharmacodynamics, and Safety of Subcutaneous Bapineuzumab: A Single-Ascending-Dose Study in Patients With Mild to Moderate Alzheimer Disease.
Circulating biomarkers of protein oxidation for Alzheimer disease: expectations within limits.
The role of nutrition and diet in Alzheimer disease: a systematic review.
Role of P-glycoprotein in mediating rivastigmine effect on amyloid-β brain load and related pathology in Alzheimer's disease mouse model.
Pathophysiological Links Among Hypertension and Alzheimer's Disease.
Why Do They Just Sit? Apathy as a Core Symptom of Alzheimer Disease.
The Utility of Episodic Memory Cut-Off Scores for Inclusion in Clinical Trials for Early Symptomatic Alzheimer Disease.
Reduced levels of protein recoding by A-to-I RNA editing in Alzheimer's disease.
The Role of PGRN in Alzheimer's Disease.
DNA damage in Alzheimer disease lymphocytes and its relation to premature centromere division.
Deficiency of TYROBP, an adapter protein for TREM2 and CR3 receptors, is neuroprotective in a mouse model of early Alzheimer's pathology.
Differential deregulation of NGF and BDNF neurotrophins in a transgenic rat model of Alzheimer's disease.
Dietary inflammation factor rating system and risk of Alzheimer disease in elders.
Impact of coronary heart disease on cognitive decline in Alzheimer's disease: a prospective longitudinal cohort study in primary care.
Detecting Treatment Group Differences in Alzheimer's Disease Clinical Trials: A Comparison of Alzheimer's Disease Assessment Scale - Cognitive Subscale (ADAS-Cog) and the Clinical Dementia Rating - Sum of Boxes (CDR-SB).
Icariin Attenuates Synaptic and Cognitive Deficits in an A<i>β</i><sub>1-42</sub>-Induced Rat Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
The effect of reminiscence therapy on cognitive functions, depression, and quality of life in Alzheimer patients: Randomized controlled trial.
[Newly approved drugs for Alzheimer disease: effectiveness and limitation].
Neuropathology of the recessive A673V APP mutation: Alzheimer disease with distinctive features.
Plumbagin ameliorates memory dysfunction in streptozotocin induced Alzheimer's disease via activation of Nrf2/ARE pathway and inhibition of β-secretase.
Decrease in Adult Neurogenesis and Neuroinflammation Are Involved in Spatial Memory Impairment in the Streptozotocin-Induced Model of Sporadic Alzheimer's Disease in Rats.
The effects and interactions of APOE and APH-1A polymorphisms in Alzheimer disease.
Auditory Event-related Potentials in Mild Cognitive Impairment and Alzheimer's Disease.
Accelerating Alzheimer's disease drug innovations from the research pipeline to patients.
[Alzheimer disease--contribution of renin-angiotensin system to Alzheimer disease progression].
Randomized Trial of Verubecestat for Prodromal Alzheimer's Disease.
Dynamic Causal Modeling of Preclinical Autosomal-Dominant Alzheimer's Disease.
Modulation of GLP-1 signaling as a novel therapeutic approach in the treatment of Alzheimer's disease pathology.
BDNF Val66Met in preclinical Alzheimer's disease is associated with short-term changes in episodic memory and hippocampal volume but not serum mBDNF.
A systems-based model of Alzheimer's disease.
Association of lectin-like oxidized low density lipoprotein receptor 1 (<i>OLR1</i>) polymorphisms with late-onset Alzheimer disease in Han Chinese.
Microbleeds in postmortem brains of patients with Alzheimer disease: a T2*-weighted gradient-echo 7.0 T magnetic resonance imaging study.
Mitophagy and NAD<sup>+</sup> inhibit Alzheimer disease.
Amyloid burden in the hippocampus and default mode network: relationships with gray matter volume and cognitive performance in mild stage Alzheimer disease.
The European Medicines Agency's strategies to meet the challenges of Alzheimer disease.
Risk Aversion and Alzheimer Disease in Old Age.
Safety and effectiveness of donepezil on behavioral symptoms in patients with Alzheimer disease.
Genetics pathway-based imaging approaches in Chinese Han population with Alzheimer's disease risk.
Pramlintide: The Effects of a Single Drug Injection on Blood Phosphatidylcholine Profile for Alzheimer's Disease.
Uleine Disrupts Key Enzymatic and Non-Enzymatic Biomarkers that Leads to Alzheimer's Disease.
White Matter Lipids as a Ketogenic Fuel Supply in Aging Female Brain: Implications for Alzheimer's Disease.
The Role of TDP-43 in Alzheimer's Disease.
Mild cognitive impairment in Parkinson's disease versus Alzheimer's disease.
Review of the Ethical Issues of a Biomarker-Based Diagnoses in the Early Stage of Alzheimer's Disease.
A neuropathologic diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease in an older adult with HIV-associated neurocognitive disorder.
PU.1 regulates Alzheimer's disease-associated genes in primary human microglia.
Candesartan ameliorates brain inflammation associated with Alzheimer's disease.
Alzheimer's Disease and ncRNAs.
Strain-Specific Altered Regulatory Response of Rab7a and Tau in Creutzfeldt-Jakob Disease and Alzheimer's Disease.
A Brief Review of Caprylidene (Axona) and Coconut Oil as Alternative Fuels in the Fight Against Alzheimer's Disease.
Entorhinal Cortical Deep Brain Stimulation Rescues Memory Deficits in Both Young and Old Mice Genetically Engineered to Model Alzheimer's Disease.
Absence of Pittsburgh compound B detection of cerebral amyloid beta in a patient with clinical, cognitive, and cerebrospinal fluid markers of Alzheimer disease: a case report.
Expression of the Cerebral Olfactory Receptors Olfr110/111 and Olfr544 Is Altered During Aging and in Alzheimer's Disease-Like Mice.
Design of a comprehensive Alzheimer's disease clinic and research center in Spain to meet critical patient and family needs.
Socioeconomic disparities in clinical trials on Alzheimer's disease: a systematic review.
Exploring APOE genotype effects on Alzheimer's disease risk and amyloid β burden in individuals with subjective cognitive decline: The FundacioACE Healthy Brain Initiative (FACEHBI) study baseline results.
Riluzole ameliorates learning and memory deficits in Aβ25-35-induced rat model of Alzheimer's disease and is independent of cholinoceptor activation.
Long-term exposition to a high fat diet favors the appearance of β-amyloid depositions in the brain of C57BL/6J mice. A potential model of sporadic Alzheimer's disease.
Neural stem cells and adult brain fatty acid metabolism: Lessons from the 3xTg model of Alzheimer's disease.
Microglia and Astrocytes in Alzheimer's Disease: Implications for Therapy.
Neuroprotective Role of Novel Triazine Derivatives by Activating Wnt/β Catenin Signaling Pathway in Rodent Models of Alzheimer's Disease.
The clinical problem of symptomatic Alzheimer disease and mild cognitive impairment.
Emodin attenuates Alzheimer's disease by activating the protein kinase C signaling pathway.
Recent advances in cerebrospinal fluid biomarkers for the detection of preclinical Alzheimer's disease.
Asian Americans' concerns and plans about Alzheimer's disease: The role of exposure, literacy and cultural beliefs.
Generalizability of the disease state index prediction model for identifying patients progressing from mild cognitive impairment to Alzheimer's disease.
Preclinical cerebrospinal fluid and volumetric magnetic resonance imaging biomarkers in Swedish familial Alzheimer's disease.
NLRP3-dependent synaptic plasticity deficit in an Alzheimer's disease amyloidosis model in vivo.
Cognitive-enhancing effect of polysaccharides from Flammulina velutipes on Alzheimer's disease by compatibilizing with ginsenosides.
Association of Cardiovascular Risk Factors and Stroke With Alzheimer Disease.
Alzheimer disease: BACE1 inhibition could block CSF tau increase.
Implementing Assessment of Cognitive Function and Frailty Into Primary Care: Data From Frailty and Alzheimer disease prevention into Primary care (FAP) Study Pilot.
Predictors of discontinuation, efficacy, and safety of memantine treatment for Alzheimer's disease: meta-analysis and meta-regression of 18 randomized clinical trials involving 5004 patients.
Viral Hypothesis and Antiviral Treatment in Alzheimer's Disease.
Diabetes and Alzheimer's disease crosstalk.
Hyperhomocysteinemia exacerbates Alzheimer's disease pathology by way of the β-amyloid fibrinogen interaction.
Aβ Oligomer Elimination Restores Cognition in Transgenic Alzheimer's Mice with Full-blown Pathology.
Alzheimer disease: Soluble TREM2 in CSF sheds light on microglial activation in AD.
Mitochondrial genes are altered in blood early in Alzheimer's disease.
Neuroinflammation Signaling Modulated by ASS234, a Multitarget Small Molecule for Alzheimer's Disease Therapy.
Progress of Brain Amyloid Deposition in Familial Alzheimer's Disease with Taiwan D678H APP Mutation.
Early Candidate Urine Biomarkers for Detecting Alzheimer's Disease Before Amyloid-β Plaque Deposition in an APP (swe)/PSEN1dE9 Transgenic Mouse Model.
Bone-Marrow-Derived Microglia-Like Cells Ameliorate Brain Amyloid Pathology and Cognitive Impairment in a Mouse Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
Diagnosis disclosure of prodromal Alzheimer disease-ethical analysis of two cases.
BRI2 as an anti-Alzheimer gene.
Association between SORL1 polymorphisms and the risk of Alzheimer's disease.
Facilitating Alzheimer disease research recruitment.
Novel dual GLP-1/GIP receptor agonists show neuroprotective effects in Alzheimer's and Parkinson's disease models.
Habitual coffee consumption and risk of type 2 diabetes, ischemic heart disease, depression and Alzheimer's disease: a Mendelian randomization study.
Mitochondria as a target for neuroprotection: implications for Alzheimer´s disease.
CX3CR1 protein signaling modulates microglial activation and protects against plaque-independent cognitive deficits in a mouse model of Alzheimer disease.
Novel derivative of Paeonol, Paeononlsilatie sodium, alleviates behavioral damage and hippocampal dendritic injury in Alzheimer's disease concurrent with cofilin1/phosphorylated-cofilin1 and RAC1/CDC42 alterations in rats.
Anti-Aβ single-chain variable fragment antibodies restore memory acquisition in a Drosophila model of Alzheimer's disease.
Memantine Attenuates Alzheimer's Disease-Like Pathology and Cognitive Impairment.
Diffuse Lewy Body Disease and Alzheimer Disease: Neuropathologic Phenotype Associated With the PSEN1 p.A396T Mutation.
Attention Measures of Accuracy, Variability, and Fatigue Detect Early Response to Donepezil in Alzheimer's Disease: A Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo-Controlled Pilot Trial.
Heterogeneous Language Profiles in Patients with Primary Progressive Aphasia due to Alzheimer's Disease.
Influence of genetic variants in SORL1 gene on the manifestation of Alzheimer's disease.
Understanding Epigenetic Alterations in Alzheimer's and Parkinson's Disease: Towards Targeted Biomarkers and Therapies.
Selenomethionine Mitigates Cognitive Decline by Targeting Both Tau Hyperphosphorylation and Autophagic Clearance in an Alzheimer's Disease Mouse Model.
Minocycline at 2 Different Dosages vs Placebo for Patients With Mild Alzheimer Disease: A Randomized Clinical Trial.
Progressive Tau Accumulation in Alzheimer Disease: 2-Year Follow-up Study.
Alzheimer disease: the quest for Alzheimer disease genes--focus on CSF tau.
Alzheimer disease.
Potential immunotherapy for Alzheimer disease and age-related dementia.
Proteomics Analysis of Blood Serums from Alzheimer's Disease Patients Using iTRAQ Labeling Technology.
The Effect of Traumatic Brain Injury History with Loss of Consciousness on Rate of Cognitive Decline Among Older Adults with Normal Cognition and Alzheimer's Disease Dementia.
[Chinese herbal medicine for patients with mild to moderate Alzheimer disease based on syndrome differentiation: a randomized controlled trial].
Biophenols pharmacology against the amyloidogenic activity in Alzheimer's disease.
Proteomic differences in amyloid plaques in rapidly progressive and sporadic Alzheimer's disease.
In Vivo Synaptic Density Imaging with <sup>11</sup>C-UCB-J Detects Treatment Effects of Saracatinib in a Mouse Model of Alzheimer Disease.
Preserved Structural Network Organization Mediates Pathology Spread in Alzheimer's Disease Spectrum Despite Loss of White Matter Tract Integrity.
Exploring the potential of marine microbes in clinical management of Alzheimer's disease: A road map for bioprospecting and identifying promising isolates.
[Quercetin ameliorates inflammation in CA1 hippocampal region in aged triple transgenic Alzheimer´s disease mice model.]
Neuropsychiatric Symptoms Complicating the Diagnosis of Alzheimer's Disease: A Case Report.
Association of Cerebrospinal Fluid (CSF) Insulin with Cognitive Performance and CSF Biomarkers of Alzheimer's Disease.
Brain Biomarkers in Familial Alzheimer's Disease Mouse Models.
A Precision Medicine Initiative for Alzheimer's disease: the road ahead to biomarker-guided integrative disease modeling.
Alzheimer disease in the United States (2010-2050) estimated using the 2010 census.
A review of clinical treatment considerations of donepezil in severe Alzheimer's disease.
Microbleeds in atypical presentations of Alzheimer's disease: a comparison to dementia of the Alzheimer's type.
Intranasal Lactoferrin Enhances α-Secretase-Dependent Amyloid Precursor Protein Processing via the ERK1/2-CREB and HIF-1α Pathways in an Alzheimer's Disease Mouse Model.
Dependency criterion based brain pathological age estimation of Alzheimer's disease patients with MR scans.
A point-based tool to predict conversion from mild cognitive impairment to probable Alzheimer's disease.
HNK-1 Carrier Glycoproteins Are Decreased in the Alzheimer's Disease Brain.
Inhibition of glycogen synthase kinase-3 by BTA-EG<sub>4</sub> reduces tau abnormalities in an organotypic brain slice culture model of Alzheimer's disease.
The heterogeneity within Alzheimer's disease.
Fibroblast growth factor 21 ameliorates neurodegeneration in rat and cellular models of Alzheimer's disease.
Pseudoneglect is maintained in aging but not in mild Alzheimer's disease: new insights from an enumeration task.
Dysphagia in Alzheimer's disease.
[Alzheimer disease. A protective gene].
Deficient symbol processing in Alzheimer disease.
Retinal vascular dysfunction relates to cognitive impairment in Alzheimer disease.
[Study on Material Basis and Mechanism of Erzhi Wan prevent Alzheimer's disease by network pharmacology].
Frontal-subcortical behaviors during Alzheimer's disease in individuals with Down syndrome.
VEGFR1 and VEGFR2 in Alzheimer's Disease.
Proteomic identification of specifically carbonylated brain proteins in APP(NLh)/APP(NLh) × PS-1(P264L)/PS-1(P264L) human double mutant knock-in mice model of Alzheimer disease as a function of age.
Effect of galantamine on attention in patients with Alzheimer's disease combined with cerebrovascular disease.
Re-thinking Alzheimer's disease therapeutic targets using gene-based tests.
Post-mortem assessment of hypoperfusion of cerebral cortex in Alzheimer's disease and vascular dementia.
Postmortem Brain, Cerebrospinal Fluid, and Blood Neurotrophic Factor Levels in Alzheimer's Disease: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Systemic Inflammation and Multimodal Biomarkers in Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment and Alzheimer's Disease.
Use of antidementia drugs in German patients with Alzheimer's disease.
Alzheimer disease and cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Self-perceived memory complaints predict progression to Alzheimer disease. The LADIS study.
Functionalization of stable fluorescent nanodiamonds towards reliable detection of biomarkers for Alzheimer's disease.
N-glycan and Alzheimer's disease.
Discrepancy between stimulus response and tolerance of pain in Alzheimer disease.
A phase III randomized trial of gantenerumab in prodromal Alzheimer's disease.
Regionally specific changes in the hippocampal circuitry accompany progression of cerebrospinal fluid biomarkers in preclinical Alzheimer's disease.
Combined administration of resolvin E1 and lipoxin A4 resolves inflammation in a murine model of Alzheimer's disease.
cAMP/PKA signaling pathway contributes to neuronal apoptosis via regulating IDE expression in a mixed model of type 2 diabetes and Alzheimer's disease.
Explore the effects of Huang-Lian-Jie-Du-Tang on Alzheimer's disease by UPLC-QTOF/MS-based plasma metabolomics study.
The regulation of pituitary-thyroid abnormalities by peripheral administration of levothyroxine increased brain-derived neurotrophic factor and reelin protein expression in an animal model of Alzheimer's disease.
Interaction between sleep-disordered breathing and apolipoprotein E genotype on cerebrospinal fluid biomarkers for Alzheimer's disease in cognitively normal elderly individuals.
Human Umbilical Cord Blood Serum-derived α-Secretase: Functional Testing in Alzheimer's Disease Mouse Models.
Xanomeline derivative EUK1001 attenuates Alzheimer's disease pathology in a triple transgenic mouse model.
Cannabinoid Receptor 2-Deficiency Ameliorates Disease Symptoms in a Mouse Model with Alzheimer's Disease-Like Pathology.
A possible new role for Aβ in vascular and inflammatory dysfunction in Alzheimer's disease.
Diagnosing depression in Alzheimer disease with the national institute of mental health provisional criteria.
Preclinical Alzheimer's disease: A systematic review of the cohorts underlying the concept.
Beyond immunotherapy: new approaches for disease modifying treatments for early Alzheimer's disease.
Novel tacrine-benzofuran hybrids as potential multi-target drug candidates for the treatment of Alzheimer's Disease.
Advancement of multi-target drug discoveries and promising applications in the field of Alzheimer's disease.
Multivariate MR biomarkers better predict cognitive dysfunction in mouse models of Alzheimer's disease.
The N141I mutation in PSEN2: implications for the quintessential case of Alzheimer disease.
Donepezil improves obstructive sleep apnea in Alzheimer disease: a double-blind, placebo-controlled study.
Ultrasound and dynamic functional imaging in vascular cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's disease.
The Trem2 R47H variant confers loss-of-function-like phenotypes in Alzheimer's disease.
Calculable People? Standardising Assessment Guidelines for Alzheimer's Disease in 1980s Britain.
Recommended cognitive outcomes in preclinical Alzheimer's disease: Consensus statement from the European Prevention of Alzheimer's Dementia project.
Effect of acupuncture in mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer disease: a functional MRI study.
Comparison of pharmacokinetics, pharmacodynamics, safety, and tolerability of the amyloid β monoclonal antibody solanezumab in Japanese and white patients with mild to moderate alzheimer disease.
Ryanodine receptors: dual contribution to Alzheimer disease?
How to Implement Traditional Chinese Medicine in Alzheimer Disease Prevention in Occidental Countries?
From dual binding site acetylcholinesterase inhibitors to allosteric modulators: A new avenue for disease-modifying drugs in Alzheimer's disease.
A serum protein-based algorithm for the detection of Alzheimer disease.
Cerebrospinal fluid sphingolipids, β-amyloid, and tau in adults at risk for Alzheimer's disease.
Diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease using resting-state fMRI and graph theory.
Deep learning reveals Alzheimer's disease onset in MCI subjects: Results from an international challenge.
DNA methylation variability in Alzheimer's disease.
Crossed Cerebellar Diaschisis in Alzheimer's Disease.
NSAIDs Induced Regulation of Alternatively Spliced Transcript Isoforms: Possible Role in Cancer and Alzheimer Disease.
Data-driven modeling of Alzheimer disease pathogenesis.
Alzheimer disease pathology in cognitively healthy elderly: a genome-wide study.
Amyloid tracers detect multiple binding sites in Alzheimer's disease brain tissue.
Animal models of Alzheimer disease: historical pitfalls and a path forward.
Alzheimer's disease or Alzheimer's syndrome?: a longitudinal computed tomography neuroradiological follow-up study of 56 cases diagnosed clinically as Alzheimer's disease.
Plasma tau/amyloid-β1-42 ratio predicts brain tau deposition and neurodegeneration in Alzheimer's disease.
Depressive vulnerability in women with Alzheimer's disease: Relationship with personality traits and abnormal personality dimensions.
Choosing Alzheimer's disease prevention clinical trial populations.
Association of Acquired and Heritable Factors With Intergenerational Differences in Age at Symptomatic Onset of Alzheimer Disease Between Offspring and Parents With Dementia.
Overcoming translational barriers impeding development of Alzheimer's disease modifying therapies.
Cost-Utility of Using Alzheimer's Disease Biomarkers in Cerebrospinal Fluid to Predict Progression from Mild Cognitive Impairment to Dementia.
Conscientiousness and the incidence of Alzheimer disease and mild cognitive impairment.
[Neuropsychological benefit of cataract surgery among sight impaired Alzheimer's patient].
Small vessel disease, but neither amyloid load nor metabolic deficit, is dependent on age at onset in Alzheimer's disease.
Longitudinal changes in microstructural white matter metrics in Alzheimer's disease.
Searching for Primary Predictors of Conversion from Mild Cognitive Impairment to Alzheimer's Disease: A Multivariate Follow-Up Study.
Comparability of [<sup>18</sup>F]THK5317 and [<sup>11</sup>C]PIB blood flow proxy images with [<sup>18</sup>F]FDG positron emission tomography in Alzheimer's disease.
A prognostic model of Alzheimer's disease relying on multiple longitudinal measures and time-to-event data.
The pathogenic aβ43 is enriched in familial and sporadic Alzheimer disease.
Dissociation in awareness of memory and language decline in Alzheimer's disease.
The senescence hypothesis of disease progression in Alzheimer disease: an integrated matrix of disease pathways for FAD and SAD.
Differential Expression of mRNAs in the Brain Tissues of Patients with Alzheimer's Disease Based on GEO Expression Profile and Its Clinical Significance.
A novel melatonin agonist Neu-P11 facilitates memory performance and improves cognitive impairment in a rat model of Alzheimer' disease.
Alzheimer disease: Alzheimer disease biomarkers in healthy individuals can predict cognitive decline several years later.
Structured assessment of mental capacity to make financial decisions in Chinese older persons with mild cognitive impairment and mild Alzheimer disease.
Progress and developments in tau aggregation inhibitors for Alzheimer disease.
Recent studies on cellular and molecular mechanisms in Alzheimer's disease: focus on epigenetic factors and histone deacetylase.
Alzheimer's Disease: An Exacerbation of Senile Phenoptosis.
Sex- and age-specific modulation of brain GABA levels in a mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Glaucoma, Alzheimer disease and other dementia: a longitudinal analysis.
APOE genotypes in Lebanon: distribution and association with hypercholesterolemia and Alzheimer's disease.
Diet, nutrients and metabolism: cogs in the wheel driving Alzheimer's disease pathology?
Clinical characterization of a presenilin 1 mutation (F177S) in a family with very early-onset Alzheimer's disease in the third decade of life.
Soluble TREM1 concentrations are increased and positively correlated with total tau levels in the plasma of patients with Alzheimer's disease.
Lychee Seed Saponins Improve Cognitive Function and Prevent Neuronal Injury via Inhibiting Neuronal Apoptosis in a Rat Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
Professor Alois Alzheimer (1864-1915): Lest we forget.
Alzheimer's Disease Biomarkers Have Distinct Associations with Specific Hippocampal Subfield Volumes.
A study on knowledge, attitudes and health behaviours regarding Alzheimer's disease among community residents in Tianjin, China.
Interstitial fluid drainage is impaired in ischemic stroke and Alzheimer's disease mouse models.
Plasma clusterin and the risk of Alzheimer disease.
Disruption of cerebral networks and cognitive impairment in Alzheimer disease.
An atlas of cortical circular RNA expression in Alzheimer disease brains demonstrates clinical and pathological associations.
Serum Abeta levels as predictors of conversion to mild cognitive impairment/Alzheimer disease in an ADAPT subcohort.
Alzheimer disease cerebrospinal fluid biomarkers predict cognitive decline in healthy elderly over 2 years.
Imbalance of Circulating T<sub>h</sub>17 and Regulatory T Cells in Alzheimer's Disease: A Case Control Study.
Cerebral Hypoperfusion and Other Shared Brain Pathologies in Ischemic Stroke and Alzheimer's Disease.
Basal forebrain septal nuclei are enlarged in healthy subjects prior to the development of Alzheimer's disease.
The polymorphism of ARNTL2 (BMAL2) gene rs2306074 C>T is associated with susceptibility of Alzheimer disease in Chinese population.
Predictive accuracy of amyloid imaging for progression from mild cognitive impairment to Alzheimer disease with different lengths of follow-up: a meta-analysis. [Corrected].
Cellular prion protein and Alzheimer disease: link to oligomeric amyloid-β and neuronal cell death.
Data driven diagnostic classification in Alzheimer's disease based on different reference regions for normalization of PiB-PET images and correlation with CSF concentrations of Aβ species.
Altered mitochondrial DNA methylation and mitochondrial DNA copy number in an APP/PS1 transgenic mouse model of Alzheimer disease.
Hemoglobin level in older persons and incident Alzheimer disease: prospective cohort analysis.
Elevated levels of Secreted-Frizzled-Related-Protein 1 contribute to Alzheimer's disease pathogenesis.
Toxoplasma gondii alters NMDAR signaling and induces signs of Alzheimer's disease in wild-type, C57BL/6 mice.
Dihydroceramide Desaturase 1 Inhibitors Reduce Amyloid-β Levels in Primary Neurons from an Alzheimer's Disease Transgenic Model.
Fluid biomarker agreement and interrelation in dementia due to Alzheimer's disease.
Transethnic genome-wide scan identifies novel Alzheimer's disease loci.
Atrophy, metabolism and cognition in the posterior cortical atrophy spectrum based on Alzheimer's disease cerebrospinal fluid biomarkers.
Protective Effects of 2-Dodecyl-6-Methoxycyclohexa-2,5 -Diene-1,4-Dione Isolated from Averrhoa Carambola L. (Oxalidaceae) Roots on Neuron Apoptosis and Memory Deficits in Alzheimer's Disease.
Insulin degrading enzyme contributes to the pathology in a mixed model of Type 2 diabetes and Alzheimer's disease: possible mechanisms of IDE in T2D and AD.
miR-302/367-induced neurons reduce behavioral impairment in an experimental model of Alzheimer's disease.
Rapamycin rescues vascular, metabolic and learning deficits in apolipoprotein E4 transgenic mice with pre-symptomatic Alzheimer's disease.
Discovery of AZD3839, a potent and selective BACE1 inhibitor clinical candidate for the treatment of Alzheimer disease.
Alzheimer's disease and chronic periodontitis: is there an association?
Ube3a deficiency inhibits amyloid plaque formation in APPswe/PS1δE9 mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Altered DNA base excision repair profile in brain tissue and blood in Alzheimer's disease.
Risk of Alzheimer's disease with metal concentrations in whole blood and urine: A case-control study using propensity score matching.
Therapeutic correction of ApoER2 splicing in Alzheimer's disease mice using antisense oligonucleotides.
Facilitation of brain mitochondrial activity by 5-aminolevulinic acid in a mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Personalized predictive modeling for patients with Alzheimer's disease using an extension of Sullivan's life table model.
Associations between hippocampal morphometry and neuropathologic markers of Alzheimer's disease using 7 T MRI.
Design, synthesis, and evaluation of isoflavone analogs as multifunctional agents for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease.
APOE and Alzheimer disease: a major gene with semi-dominant inheritance.
Quantifying the accretion of hyperphosphorylated tau in the locus coeruleus and dorsal raphe nucleus: the pathological building blocks of early Alzheimer's disease.
Oral and Written Naming in Alzheimer's Disease: A Longitudinal Study.
Double-blind, placebo-controlled, proof-of-concept trial of bexarotene Xin moderate Alzheimer's disease.
Internal Consistency Over Time of Subjective Cognitive Decline: Drawing Preclinical Alzheimer's Disease Trajectories.
Amyloid-β oligomers synaptotoxicity: The emerging role of EphA4/c-Abl signaling in Alzheimer's disease.
Common polygenic variation enhances risk prediction for Alzheimer's disease.
High-Throughput Metabolomics for Discovering Potential Metabolite Biomarkers and Metabolic Mechanism from the APPswe/PS1dE9 Transgenic Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
Glucagon like peptide-1 (GLP-1) likes Alzheimer's disease.
The neurochemistry of agitation in Alzheimer's disease: a systematic review.
SORL1 gene, plasma biomarkers, and the risk of Alzheimer's disease for the Han Chinese population in Taiwan.
Association Between Longitudinal Plasma Neurofilament Light and Neurodegeneration in Patients With Alzheimer Disease.
Altered protein glycosylation predicts Alzheimer's disease and modulates its pathology in disease model Drosophila.
CSF biomarkers predict a more malignant outcome in Alzheimer disease.
Tsoi KK et al: Combination Therapy Showed Limited Superiority Over Monotherapy for Alzheimer Disease: A Meta-analysis of 14 Randomized Trials.
Sporadic Alzheimer's disease begins as episodes of brain ischemia and ischemically dysregulated Alzheimer's disease genes.
Huntington's disease blood and brain show a common gene expression pattern and share an immune signature with Alzheimer's disease.
Education, cognitive function, and severity of neuropathology in Alzheimer disease.
Exploration of deleterious single nucleotide polymorphisms in late-onset Alzheimer disease susceptibility genes.
Designer Self-Assemble Peptides Maximize the Therapeutic Benefits of Neural Stem Cell Transplantation for Alzheimer's Disease via Enhancing Neuron Differentiation and Paracrine Action.
QuinoxalineTacrine QT78, a Cholinesterase Inhibitor as a Potential Ligand for Alzheimer's Disease Therapy.
The Vascular Hypothesis of Alzheimer's Disease: A Key to Preclinical Prediction of Dementia Using Neuroimaging.
Resting bold fMRI differentiates dementia with Lewy bodies vs Alzheimer disease.
The UP-TECH project, an intervention to support caregivers of Alzheimer's disease patients in Italy: preliminary findings on recruitment and caregiving burden in the baseline population.
Machine Learning Applied to Alzheimer Disease.
Loneliness as a Marker of Brain Amyloid Burden and Preclinical Alzheimer Disease.
Dietary lipids and Alzheimer's disease.
Is the risk of developing Alzheimer's disease really higher in rural areas? A multilevel longitudinal study of 261,669 Australians aged 45 years and older tracked over 11 years.
Lower Prevalence of Alzheimer's Disease among Tibetans: Association with Religious and Genetic Factors.
Brain-targeted co-delivery of therapeutic gene and peptide by multifunctional nanoparticles in Alzheimer's disease mice.
Chitosan oligosaccharides alleviate cognitive deficits in an amyloid-β1-42-induced rat model of Alzheimer's disease.
Mechanisms Linking White Matter Lesions, Tract Integrity, and Depression in Alzheimer Disease.
Rho-associated protein kinases as therapeutic targets for both vascular and parenchymal pathologies in Alzheimer's disease.
Connectome-derived diffusion characteristics of the fornix in Alzheimer's disease.
Delusions in Patients with Alzheimer's Disease: A Multidimensional Approach.
Calcium signaling and amyloid toxicity in Alzheimer disease.
Neuropathologic differences by race from the National Alzheimer's Coordinating Center.
Hyperspectral Raman imaging of neuritic plaques and neurofibrillary tangles in brain tissue from Alzheimer's disease patients.
Maternal transmission of Alzheimer disease.
Dietary Total Prenylflavonoids from the Fruits of Psoralea corylifolia L. Prevents Age-Related Cognitive Deficits and Down-Regulates Alzheimer's Markers in SAMP8 Mice.
Alzheimer's dementia: pathogenesis and impact of cardiovascular risk factors on cognitive decline.
Which MCI Patients Should be Included in Prodromal Alzheimer Disease Clinical Trials?
Atypical Repetition in Daily Conversation on Different Days for Detecting Alzheimer Disease: Evaluation of Phone-Call Data From Regular Monitoring Service.
From the Entorhinal Region via the Prosubiculum to the Dentate Fascia: Alzheimer Disease-Related Neurofibrillary Changes in the Temporal Allocortex.
Self- and informant-reported cognitive functioning and awareness in subjective cognitive decline, mild cognitive impairment, and very mild Alzheimer disease.
Genomic variants, genes, and pathways of Alzheimer's disease: An overview.
Caregiver burden, sleep quality, depression, and anxiety in dementia caregivers: a comparison of frontotemporal lobar degeneration, dementia with Lewy bodies, and Alzheimer's disease.
Task-evoked fMRI changes in attention networks are associated with preclinical Alzheimer's disease biomarkers.
Effects of surgery and propofol-remifentanil total intravenous anesthesia on cerebrospinal fluid biomarkers of inflammation, Alzheimer's disease, and neuronal injury in humans: a cohort study.
The role of ubiquitin proteasomal system and autophagy-lysosome pathway in Alzheimer's disease.
Transfer Learning Assisted Classification and Detection of Alzheimer's Disease Stages Using 3D MRI Scans.
Development of a novel convenient Alzheimer's disease assessment scale, the ABC Dementia Scale, using item response theory.
Hippocampal neurogenesis in the APP/PS1/nestin-GFP triple transgenic mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Potential cost savings to be made by slowing cognitive decline in mild Alzheimer's disease dementia using a model derived from the UK GERAS observational study.
Vitamin D<sub>3</sub> attenuates cognitive deficits and neuroinflammatory responses in ICV-STZ induced sporadic Alzheimer's disease.
Decreased platelet APP isoform ratios in autosomal dominant Alzheimer's disease: baseline data from a DIAN cohort subset.
Age-related epigenetic changes in hippocampal subregions of four animal models of Alzheimer's disease.
Neuroprotective Effects of Icariin on Brain Metabolism, Mitochondrial Functions, and Cognition in Triple-Transgenic Alzheimer's Disease Mice.
Lack of support for bexarotene as a treatment for Alzheimer's disease.
Consensus-based recommendations for the management of rapid cognitive decline due to Alzheimer's disease.
Contact heat sensitivity and reports of unpleasantness in communicative people with mild to moderate cognitive impairment in Alzheimer's disease: a cross-sectional study.
Impact of Nutritional Supplementation and a Psychomotor Program on Patients With Alzheimer's Disease.
Dual Effect of Doxazosin: Anticancer Activity on SH-SY5Y Neuroblastoma Cells and Neuroprotection on an In Vitro Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
Memory-enhancing effects of GEBR-32a, a new PDE4D inhibitor holding promise for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease.
Concentration of donepezil to the cognitive response in Alzheimer disease.
Cognitive rehabilitation changes memory-related brain activity in people with Alzheimer disease.
Association of Nutrients with Biomarkers of Alzheimer's Disease.
Alzheimer's disease: understanding homeostasis deregulation to foster development of effective therapies.
How Do Community-Dwelling Persons with Alzheimer Disease Fall? Falls in the FINALEX Study.
Effects of the Finnish Alzheimer disease exercise trial (FINALEX): a randomized controlled trial.
Long-standing balancing selection in the THBS4 gene: influence on sex-specific brain expression and gray matter volumes in Alzheimer disease.
White matter changes in Alzheimer's disease: a focus on myelin and oligodendrocytes.
Association Between Vascular Pathology and Rate of Cognitive Decline Independent of Alzheimer's Disease Pathology.
Brain ureido degenerative protein modifications are associated with neuroinflammation and proteinopathy in Alzheimer's disease with cerebrovascular disease.
Identify a shared neural circuit linking multiple neuropsychiatric symptoms with Alzheimer's pathology.
Astrocyte-Microglia Cross Talk through Complement Activation Modulates Amyloid Pathology in Mouse Models of Alzheimer's Disease.
Brain Perivascular Macrophages Initiate the Neurovascular Dysfunction of Alzheimer Aβ Peptides.
Polygenic risk for Alzheimer's disease influences precuneal volume in two independent general populations.
Presenilin E318G variant and Alzheimer's disease risk: the Cache County study.
Designing Hybrids Targeting the Cholinergic System by Modulating the Muscarinic and Nicotinic Receptors: A Concept to Treat Alzheimer's Disease.
Robust multi-label transfer feature learning for early diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease.
[Brain insulin signaling and Tau: impact for Alzheimer's disease and Tauopathies].
Improved Diagnostic Accuracy of SPECT Through Statistical Analysis and the Detection of Hot Spots at the Primary Sensorimotor Area for the Diagnosis of Alzheimer Disease in a Community-Based Study: "The Osaki-Tajiri Project".
Protective Effect of Hyperforin on β Amyloid Protein Induced Apoptosis in PC12 Cells and Colchicine Induced Alzheimer's Disease: An Anti-oxidant and Anti-inflammatory Therapy.
Age-Dependent Decrease of Mitochondrial Complex II Activity in a Familial Mouse Model for Alzheimer's Disease.
Gamma Band Neural Stimulation in Humans and the Promise of a New Modality to Prevent and Treat Alzheimer's Disease.
Walnut Supplementation in the Diet Reduces Oxidative Damage and Improves Antioxidant Status in Transgenic Mouse Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
Association between Alzheimer's Disease and Oral and Gut Microbiota: Are Pore Forming Proteins the Missing Link?
Age-Dependent Changes in the Sarkosyl-Insoluble Proteome of APPSWE/PS1ΔE9 Transgenic Mice Implicate Dysfunctional Mitochondria in the Pathogenesis of Alzheimer's Disease.
Endocannabinoid and Muscarinic Signaling Crosstalk in the 3xTg-AD Mouse Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
Moringa Oleifera Alleviates Homocysteine-Induced Alzheimer's Disease-Like Pathology and Cognitive Impairments.
Severity-Related Increase and Cognitive Correlates of Serum VEGF Levels in Alzheimer's Disease ApoE4 Carriers.
Population-Based Approaches to Alzheimer's Disease Prevention.
Peptides as Potential Therapeutics for Alzheimer's Disease.
Early Stage Alterations in CA1 Extracellular Region Proteins Indicate Dysregulation of IL6 and Iron Homeostasis in the 5XFAD Alzheimer's Disease Mouse Model.
The prodrug of 7,8-dihydroxyflavone development and therapeutic efficacy for treating Alzheimer's disease.
Effects of Physical Exercise on Alzheimer's Disease Biomarkers: A Systematic Review of Intervention Studies.
SPARCL1 Accelerates Symptom Onset in Alzheimer's Disease and Influences Brain Structure and Function During Aging.
Metabolic profiling of the effects of ginsenoside Re in an Alzheimer's disease mouse model.
Deuterium-reinforced polyunsaturated fatty acids improve cognition in a mouse model of sporadic Alzheimer's disease.
Visual system manifestations of Alzheimer's disease.
Validation study of the Alzheimer's disease assessment scale-cognitive subscale (ADAS-Cog) for the Portuguese patients with mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's disease.
Local and distant relationships between amyloid, tau and neurodegeneration in Alzheimer's Disease.
Genetics of Alzheimer's disease: From pathogenesis to clinical usage.
Angiotensin-converting enzyme insertion/deletion polymorphism is not a major determining factor in the development of sporadic Alzheimer disease: evidence from an updated meta-analysis.
EFAD transgenic mice as a human <i>APOE</i> relevant preclinical model of Alzheimer's disease.
Regulatory and Health Technology Assessment Considerations for Disease-Modifying Drugs in Alzheimer's Disease.
Effects of change in FreeSurfer version on classification accuracy of patients with Alzheimer's disease and mild cognitive impairment.
Alzheimer disease: NSAIDs protect neurons and preserve memory in a mouse model of AD.
The Use of <sup>18</sup>F-FDG PET in the Diagnostic Workup of Alzheimer's Dementia.
Multiscale Analysis of Independent Alzheimer's Cohorts Finds Disruption of Molecular, Genetic, and Clinical Networks by Human Herpesvirus.
Discovery of novel series of 2-substituted benzo[d]oxazol-5-amine derivatives as multi-target directed ligands for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease.
A comparison of hair and serum trace elements in patients with Alzheimer disease and healthy participants.
Commentary: untangling Alzheimer disease pathology.
Prevalence of Alzheimer disease in US states.
Brain Amyloidosis and Triglycerides: Preventing Alzheimer Disease Pathology by Treating Vascular Disease?
Insulin-degrading enzyme: new therapeutic target for diabetes and Alzheimer's disease?
Automated detection of pathologic white matter alterations in Alzheimer's disease using combined diffusivity and kurtosis method.
Salvia miltiorrhiza: A source for anti-Alzheimer's disease drugs.
Amyloid β-targeted metal complexes for potential applications in Alzheimer's disease.
Long Noncoding RNA EBF3-AS Promotes Neuron Apoptosis in Alzheimer's Disease.
An EEG-Based Fuzzy Probability Model for Early Diagnosis of Alzheimer's Disease.
TREM2 regulates innate immunity in Alzheimer's disease.
The use of cerebrospinal fluid biomarkers to measure change in neurodegeneration in Alzheimer's disease clinical trials.
A First-in-Class Small-Molecule that Acts as a Dual Inhibitor of HDAC and PDE5 and that Rescues Hippocampal Synaptic Impairment in Alzheimer's Disease Mice.
C allele of the rs2209972 single nucleotide polymorphism of the insulin degrading enzyme gene and Alzheimer's disease in type 2 diabetes, a case control study.
Systematic literature review of methodologies and data sources of existing economic models across the full spectrum of Alzheimer's disease and dementia from apparently healthy through disease progression to end of life care: a systematic review protocol.
Validation of the cingulate island sign with optimized ratios for discriminating dementia with Lewy bodies from Alzheimer's disease using brain perfusion SPECT.
Deep Brain Stimulation for Alzheimer's Disease.
Cause of Suspected Non-Alzheimer Disease Pathophysiology: If Not Tau Pathology, Then What?
Regional vulnerability in Alzheimer's disease: The role of cell-autonomous and transneuronal processes.
Relationship between thyroid hormone levels and regional cerebral blood flow in Alzheimer disease.
The toxicity of tau in Alzheimer disease: turnover, targets and potential therapeutics.
Brain Imaging of Alzheimer Dementia Patients and Elderly Controls with <sup>18</sup>F-MK-6240, a PET Tracer Targeting Neurofibrillary Tangles.
Tool use in left brain damage and Alzheimer's disease: What about function and manipulation knowledge?
Repurposed Drugs as Potential Therapeutic Candidates for the Management of Alzheimer's Disease.
Microglia in Alzheimer Disease: Well-Known Targets and New Opportunities.
Mitochondria as Potential Targets in Alzheimer Disease Therapy: An Update.
Disclosing Pleiotropic Effects During Genetic Risk Assessment for Alzheimer Disease.
Response to the Letter to the Editor by Shinji Matsunaga "Combination Therapy Showed Limited Superiority Over Monotherapy for Alzheimer Disease: A Meta-analysis of 14 Randomized Trials".
Online resources for Alzheimer disease.
Investigational BACE inhibitors for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease.
Oxidative stress in the progression of Alzheimer disease in the frontal cortex.
γ-Hydroxybutyrate (Xyrem) ameliorates clinical symptoms and neuropathology in a mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Effect of apolipoprotein E4 on clinical, neuroimaging, and biomarker measures in noncarrier participants in the Dominantly Inherited Alzheimer Network.
Repeat length variations in ATXN1 and AR modify disease expression in Alzheimer's disease.
Brain-Derived Neurotrophic Factor in Alzheimer's Disease: Risk, Mechanisms, and Therapy.
Prevalence of delusions in drug-naïve Alzheimer disease patients: A meta-analysis.
Inhibitory interneurons in Alzheimer's disease.
Satisfaction and difficulties of French professional home caregivers in supporting older people with Alzheimer's disease or alcohol misuse.
The importance of parkinsonian signs for gait and balance in patients with Alzheimer's disease of mild degree.
Nasal steroids as a possible treatment for Alzheimer's disease.
Detection of Alzheimer Disease Pathology in Patients Using Biochemical Biomarkers: Prospects and Challenges for Use in Clinical Practice.
Role of monocarboxylate transporter 4 in Alzheimer disease.
ER stress is not elevated in the 5XFAD mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Cortisol and IgA are Involved in the Progression of Alzheimer's Disease. A Pilot Study.
Binding between Prion Protein and Aβ Oligomers Contributes to the Pathogenesis of Alzheimer's Disease.
Insights into globalization: comparison of patient characteristics and disease progression among geographic regions in a multinational Alzheimer's disease clinical program.
Caregiver Preference and Treatment Compliance in Patients with Mild-to-Moderate Alzheimer's Disease in South Korea: RECAP Study Results.
A genetic screen of the mutations in the Korean patients with early-onset Alzheimer's disease.
Associations between Performance on an Abbreviated CogState Battery, Other Measures of Cognitive Function, and Biomarkers in People at Risk for Alzheimer's Disease.
A Retrospective Belgian Multi-Center MRI Biomarker Study in Alzheimer's Disease (REMEMBER).
Memory Loss and the Onset of Alzheimer's Disease Could Be Under the Control of Extracellular Heat Shock Proteins.
Multimodal Neuroimaging in Alzheimer's Disease: Early Diagnosis, Physiopathological Mechanisms, and Impact of Lifestyle.
Mesenchymal Stem Cell-Derived Extracellular Vesicles Suppresses iNOS Expression and Ameliorates Neural Impairment in Alzheimer's Disease Mice.
Investigating the efficacy of a combination Aβ-targeted treatment in a mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
The effects of betulinic acid on neurobehavioral activity, electrophysiology and histological changes in an animal model of the Alzheimer's disease.
[Different care models and symptom progression of Alzheimer's disease in China].
Mood, lifestyle and cardiovascular risk factors among older caregivers of patients with Alzheimer's disease dementia: a case-control study.
Complexity analysis of cortical surface detects changes in future Alzheimer's disease converters.
Trajectories of cognitive decline differ in hippocampal sclerosis and Alzheimer's disease.
A comparative study: visual rating scores and the voxel-based specific regional analysis system for Alzheimer's disease on magnetic resonance imaging among subjects with Alzheimer's disease, mild cognitive impairment, and normal cognition.
Associations of Neuropsychiatric Symptoms and Antidepressant Prescription with Survival in Alzheimer's Disease.
Regional grey matter loss and brain disconnection across Alzheimer disease evolution.
Progressive Neuronal Pathology and Synaptic Loss Induced by Prediabetes and Type 2 Diabetes in a Mouse Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
Homogeneous clusters of Alzheimer's disease patient population.
A Toxic Conformer of Aβ42 with a Turn at 22-23 is a Novel Therapeutic Target for Alzheimer's Disease.
Diabetes and Alzheimer's Disease: Can Tea Phytochemicals Play a Role in Prevention?
Early-onset and late-onset Alzheimer's disease are associated with distinct patterns of memory impairment.
Synaptic Dysfunction in Alzheimer's Disease: Aβ, Tau, and Epigenetic Alterations.
Distinct white matter microstructural abnormalities and extracellular water increases relate to cognitive impairment in Alzheimer's disease with and without cerebrovascular disease.
SLOH, a carbazole-based fluorophore, mitigates neuropathology and behavioral impairment in the triple-transgenic mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
New approaches for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease.
Simultaneous determination of 18 D-amino acids in rat plasma by an ultrahigh-performance liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry method: application to explore the potential relationship between Alzheimer's disease and D-amino acid level alterations.
Loss of endophilin-B1 exacerbates Alzheimer's disease pathology.
Analysis of genome-wide association studies of Alzheimer disease and of Parkinson disease to determine if these 2 diseases share a common genetic risk.
On the selection of non-invasive methods based on speech analysis oriented to automatic Alzheimer disease diagnosis.
Low Testosterone Level and Risk of Alzheimer's Disease in the Elderly Men: a Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Fully Automatic MRI-Based Hippocampus Volumetry Using FSL-FIRST: Intra-Scanner Test-Retest Stability, Inter-Field Strength Variability, and Performance as Enrichment Biomarker for Clinical Trials Using Prodromal Target Populations at Risk for Alzheimer's Disease.
Chronic Estradiol Administration During the Early Stage of Alzheimer's Disease Pathology Rescues Adult Hippocampal Neurogenesis and Ameliorates Cognitive Deficits in Aβ<sub>1-42</sub> Mice.
Chronic treatments with a 5-HT<sub>4</sub> receptor agonist decrease amyloid pathology in the entorhinal cortex and learning and memory deficits in the 5xFAD mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Contribution of cerebrovascular health to the diagnosis of Alzheimer disease.
The circadian rhythm of arterial blood pressure in Alzheimer disease (AD) patients without hypertension.
Classification of mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer disease using model-based MR and magnetization transfer imaging.
Automated segmentation of hippocampal subfields in drug-naïve patients with Alzheimer disease.
Does the Addenbrooke's Cognitive Examination-revised add to the Mini-Mental State Examination in established Alzheimer disease? Results from a national dementia research register.
Acupuncture for patients with mild to moderate Alzheimer's disease: a randomized controlled trial.
Ascertainment bias in the clinical diagnosis of Alzheimer disease.
Analyses of Clinical Features and Investigations on Potential Mechanisms in Patients with Alzheimer's Disease and Olfactory Dysfunction.
Cerebral Amyloid Angiopathy: Similarity in African-Americans and Caucasians with Alzheimer's Disease.
Rose Essential Oil Delayed Alzheimer's Disease-Like Symptoms by SKN-1 Pathway in C. elegans.
[THE ROLE OF β-AMYLOID AND MITOCHONDRIAL DYSFUNCTION IN THE PATHOGENESIS OF ALZHEIMER'S DISEASE].
Activation of CB<sub>2</sub> receptor system restores cognitive capacity and hippocampal Sox2 expression in a transgenic mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Non-canonical soluble amyloid-beta aggregates and plaque buffering: controversies and future directions for target discovery in Alzheimer's disease.
Neuronally-directed effects of RXR activation in a mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Neutrophils promote Alzheimer's disease-like pathology and cognitive decline via LFA-1 integrin.
Amyloid burden and metabolic function in early-onset Alzheimer's disease: parietal lobe involvement.
A genome-wide profiling of brain DNA hydroxymethylation in Alzheimer's disease.
Identification and Temporal Characterization of Features Associated with the Conversion from Mild Cognitive Impairment to Alzheimer's Disease.
The rare TREM2 R47H variant exerts only a modest effect on Alzheimer disease risk.
History as a biomedical matter: recent reassessments of the first cases of Alzheimer's disease.
Traumatic Brain Injury and Alzheimer's Disease: The Cerebrovascular Link.
The cost-effectiveness implications of suboptimal treatment for different severities of Alzheimer's disease in the UK.
Tramadol ameliorates behavioural, biochemical, mitochondrial and histological alterations in ICV-STZ-induced sporadic dementia of Alzheimer's type in rats.
Can mirtazapine counteract the weight loss associated with Alzheimer disease? A retrospective open-label study.
Anti-Amyloid Aggregation Activity of Black Sesame Pigment: Toward a Novel Alzheimer's Disease Preventive Agent.
Moderating role of positive aspects of caregiving in the relationship between depression in persons with Alzheimer's disease and caregiver burden.
Transdermal Rivastigmine Delivery for Alzheimer Disease: Amenability of Exposure Predictions of Rivastigmine and Metabolite, NAP226-90, by Linear Regression Model Using Limited Samples.
Multi-infarct dementia and Alzheimer disease, contribution of cerebral circulation ultrasonography to pathogenesis and differential diagnosis. Value of microembolisation.
Abnormalities of Resting State Cortical EEG Rhythms in Subjects with Mild Cognitive Impairment Due to Alzheimer's and Lewy Body Diseases.
Streptozotocin Intracerebroventricular-Induced Neurotoxicity and Brain Insulin Resistance: a Therapeutic Intervention for Treatment of Sporadic Alzheimer's Disease (sAD)-Like Pathology.
Emerging treatments for Alzheimer's disease for non-amyloid and non-tau targets.
Exploring the mechanistic insights of Cas scaffolding protein family member 4 with protein tyrosine kinase 2 in Alzheimer's disease by evaluating protein interactions through molecular docking and dynamic simulations.
Cognition-related white matter integrity dysfunction in Alzheimer's disease with diffusion tensor image.
Ultrastructural differences in pretangles between Alzheimer disease and corticobasal degeneration revealed by comparative light and electron microscopy.
Science to practice: opening the blood-brain barrier with focused ultrasound-a potential treatment for Alzheimer disease?
Association of CLU and TLR2 gene polymorphisms with late-onset Alzheimer disease in a northwestern Iranian population.
Postoperative cognitive dysfunction and Alzheimer disease.
Exploring the epigenetics of Alzheimer disease.
Alzheimer's disease: a mathematical model for onset and progression.
Functional aspects of meningeal lymphatics in ageing and Alzheimer's disease.
Aroma and taste perceptions with Alzheimer disease and stroke.
Alzheimer disease and cognitive reserve: variation of education effect with carbon 11-labeled Pittsburgh Compound B uptake.
The effects of acupuncture on cognitive deficits in transgenic mouse studies of mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's disease: Study protocol of a systematic review.
A neuropsychological test battery for use in Alzheimer disease clinical trials.
Differential diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease using spectrochemical analysis of blood.
Age-related changes in social behaviours in the 5xFAD mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Current viral-mediated gene transfer research for treatment of Alzheimer's disease.
Multi-Loop Model of Alzheimer Disease: An Integrated Perspective on the Wnt/GSK3β, α-Synuclein, and Type 3 Diabetes Hypotheses.
The role of novel chitin-like polysaccharides in Alzheimer disease.
Relative capability of MR imaging and FDG PET to depict changes associated with prodromal and early Alzheimer disease.
Getting on Message: Preventing Alzheimer Disease Through Diet and Exercise.
Are Late-Onset Autosomal Dominant and Sporadic Alzheimer Disease "Separate but Equal"?
Evaluation and clinical correlation of practical cut-offs for visual rating scales of atrophy: normal aging versus mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's disease.
Protective Effect of Kaempferol on the Transgenic Drosophila Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
Dysfunctional microglia:neuron interactions with significant female bias in a developmental gene x environment rodent model of Alzheimer's disease.
Maternal separation exacerbates Alzheimer's disease-like behavioral and pathological changes in adult APPswe/PS1dE9 mice.
The Effectiveness of Small-group Community-based Information Sessions on Clinical Trial Recruitment for Secondary Prevention of Alzheimer's Disease.
Neuroprotective and Neurotoxic Implications of α7 Nicotinic Acetylcholine Receptor and Aβ Interaction: Therapeutic Options in Alzheimer's Disease.
Inflammatory components in human Alzheimer's disease and after active amyloid-β42 immunization.
Sensitive and Specific Preclinical Identification of Alzheimer Disease: A Key to Novel Intervention Development.
Okadaic Acid and Hypoxia Induced Dementia Model of Alzheimer's Type in Rats.
The Effect of Triggering Receptor Expressed by Myeloid Cells 2 Modified Bone Marrow Mesenchymal Stem Cells on Alzheimer's Disease-Mouse Model.
Therapeutic potential of luteolin in transgenic Drosophila model of Alzheimer's disease.
A TgCRND8 Mouse Model of Alzheimer's Disease Exhibits Sexual Dimorphisms in Behavioral Indices of Cognitive Reserve.
Predictors of Response to Cholinesterase Inhibitors Treatment of Alzheimer's Disease: Date Mining from the TREDEM Registry.
Blood-Borne Activity-Dependent Neuroprotective Protein (ADNP) is Correlated with Premorbid Intelligence, Clinical Stage, and Alzheimer's Disease Biomarkers.
Report on milestones for care and support under the U.S. National Plan to Address Alzheimer's Disease.
White Matter Degradation is Associated with Reduced Financial Capacity in Mild Cognitive Impairment and Alzheimer's Disease.
Interaction effect of alcohol consumption and Alzheimer disease polygenic risk score on the brain cortical thickness of cognitively normal subjects.
End-of-Life Care of Persons With Alzheimer Disease: An Update for Clinicians.
A functional variant in the miR-142 promoter modulating its expression and conferring risk of Alzheimer disease.
Redox proteomics and amyloid β-peptide: insights into Alzheimer disease.
An integrative genome-wide transcriptome reveals that candesartan is neuroprotective and a candidate therapeutic for Alzheimer's disease.
Cellular and metabolic alterations in the hippocampus caused by insulin signalling dysfunction and its association with cognitive impairment during aging and Alzheimer's disease: studies in animal models.
Alzheimer's disease with cerebrovascular disease: current status in the Asia-Pacific region.
Age-related loss of phospholipid asymmetry in APP(NLh)/APP(NLh) x PS-1(P264L)/PS-1(P264L) human double mutant knock-in mice: relevance to Alzheimer disease.
Lipoprotein binding to anionic biopolyelectrolytes and the effect of glucose on nanoplaque formation in arteriosclerosis and Alzheimer's disease.
Alzheimer's Disease: Special Focus on the Efficacy of Computer-Based Training Programs - A Mini-Review.
A standard model of Alzheimer's disease?
Effect of amyloid on memory and non-memory decline from preclinical to clinical Alzheimer's disease.
Therapeutic efficacy of neuromuscular electrical stimulation and electromyographic biofeedback on Alzheimer's disease patients with dysphagia.
An Integrative Overview of Non-Amyloid and Non-Tau Pathologies in Alzheimer's Disease.
An Experimental Ketogenic Diet for Alzheimer Disease Was Nutritionally Dense and Rich in Vegetables and Avocado.
Therapeutic effects of remediating autophagy failure in a mouse model of Alzheimer disease by enhancing lysosomal proteolysis.
Inverse Association Between Serum Uric Acid Levels and Alzheimer's Disease Risk.
Stakeholders' Views on Early Diagnosis for Alzheimer's Disease, Clinical Trial Participation and Amyloid PET Disclosure: A Focus Group Study.
The Ames dwarf mutation attenuates Alzheimer's disease phenotype of APP/PS1 mice.
Astrocytic Tau Deposition Is Frequent in Typical and Atypical Alzheimer Disease Presentations.
Traumatic Brain Injury as a Risk Factor for Dementia and Alzheimer Disease: Critical Review of Study Methodologies.
Alzheimer's Disease Mechanisms and Emerging Roads to Novel Therapeutics.
The Proteome of the Dentate Terminal Zone of the Perforant Path Indicates Presynaptic Impairment in Alzheimer Disease.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation combined with cognitive training for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease.
Cognitive and affective changes in mild to moderate Alzheimer's disease patients undergoing switch of cholinesterase inhibitors: a 6-month observational study.
[Connections between sleep and Alzheimer's disease : Insomnia, amnesia and amyloid].
Physical activity is associated with higher cognitive function among adults at risk for Alzheimer's disease.
Plasma miR-34a-5p and miR-545-3p as Early Biomarkers of Alzheimer's Disease: Potential and Limitations.
Hypercapnic and Hypoxic Respiratory Response During Wakefulness and Sleep in a Streptozotocin Model of Alzheimer's Disease in Rats.
Restoring synaptic plasticity and memory in mouse models of Alzheimer's disease by PKR inhibition.
Study partners should be required in preclinical Alzheimer's disease trials.
Dental health in advanced age and Alzheimer's Disease: A possible link with bacterial toxins entering the brain?
Sodium selenate activated Wnt/β-catenin signaling and repressed amyloid-β formation in a triple transgenic mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Bridging Integrator 1 (BIN1) Genotypes Mediate Alzheimer's Disease Risk by Altering Neuronal Degeneration.
Chalcone-based carbamates for Alzheimer's disease treatment.
Biochemical stages of amyloid-β peptide aggregation and accumulation in the human brain and their association with symptomatic and pathologically preclinical Alzheimer's disease.
Novel Selective Calpain 1 Inhibitors as Potential Therapeutics in Alzheimer's Disease.
Evaluating the link between Paraoxonase-1 levels and Alzheimer's disease development.
Faster cognitive decline in dementia due to Alzheimer disease with clinically undiagnosed Lewy body disease.
The 5XFAD Mouse Model of Alzheimer's Disease Exhibits an Age-Dependent Increase in Anti-Ceramide IgG and Exogenous Administration of Ceramide Further Increases Anti-Ceramide Titers and Amyloid Plaque Burden.
Ways to stop the spread of Alzheimer's disease.
Stroke, Vascular Dementia, and Alzheimer's Disease: Molecular Links.
Alzheimer disease: statins in the treatment of Alzheimer disease.
Cholesterol level and statin use in Alzheimer disease: I. Review of epidemiological and preclinical studies.
Obsessive-compulsive disorder: a new risk factor for Alzheimer disease?
Resource Use and Cost of Alzheimer's Disease in France: 18-Month Results from the GERAS Observational Study.
The Role of Macrophages in Neuroinflammatory and Neurodegenerative Pathways of Alzheimer's Disease, Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis, and Multiple Sclerosis: Pathogenetic Cellular Effectors and Potential Therapeutic Targets.
DNA methylation level of the neprilysin promoter in Alzheimer's disease brains.
Association of Concomitant Use of Cholinesterase Inhibitors or Memantine With Cognitive Decline in Alzheimer Clinical Trials: A Meta-analysis.
Circulating plasmalogen levels and Alzheimer Disease Assessment Scale-Cognitive scores in Alzheimer patients.
Corticothalamic network dysfunction and behavioral deficits in a mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Shared pathological pathways of Alzheimer's disease with specific comorbidities: current perspectives and interventions.
Promoting supported ambulation in persons with advanced Alzheimer's disease: a pilot study.
An over expression APP model for anti-Alzheimer disease drug screening created by zinc finger nuclease technology.
Three-dimensional pseudocontinuous arterial spin labeling and susceptibility-weighted imaging associated with clinical progression in amnestic mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's disease.
Dissecting the molecular mechanism by which NH2htau and Aβ1-42 peptides impair mitochondrial ANT-1 in Alzheimer disease.
Adverse outcomes after hospitalization and delirium in persons with Alzheimer disease.
The behavioral dyscontrol scale in the differential diagnosis of behavioral variant of frontotemporal dementia and Alzheimer disease.
Inosine protects against impairment of memory induced by experimental model of Alzheimer disease: a nucleoside with multitarget brain actions.
Effect of purpose in life on the relation between Alzheimer disease pathologic changes on cognitive function in advanced age.
Small molecule TBTC as a new selective retinoid X receptor α agonist improves behavioral deficit in Alzheimer's disease model mice.
Abnormal dendritic calcium activity and synaptic depotentiation occur early in a mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
The protection of novel 2-arylethenylquinoline derivatives against impairment of associative learning memory induced by neural Aβ in C. elegans Alzheimer's disease model.
Iron Biochemistry is Correlated with Amyloid Plaque Morphology in an Established Mouse Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
Alzheimer's disease markers in the aged sheep (Ovis aries).
Ablating ErbB4 in PV neurons attenuates synaptic and cognitive deficits in an animal model of Alzheimer's disease.
Comprehensive effects of galantamine and cilostazol combination therapy on patients with Alzheimer's disease with asymptomatic lacunar infarction.
Risk factors and preventive interventions for Alzheimer disease: state of the science.
Multi-task exclusive relationship learning for alzheimer's disease progression prediction with longitudinal data.
Protection against Brain Atrophy by Anti-dementia Medication in Mild Cognitive Impairment and Alzheimer's Disease: Meta-Analysis of Longitudinal Randomized Placebo-Controlled Trials.
The dysregulation of intracellular calcium in Alzheimer disease.
Potentially inappropriate medication use among patients with Alzheimer disease in the REAL.FR cohort: be aware of atropinic and benzodiazepine drugs!
LncRNA17A regulates autophagy and apoptosis of SH-SY5Y cell line as an in vitro model for Alzheimer's disease.
Retinal Nerve Fiber Layer Thinning in Alzheimer's Disease: A Case-Control Study in Comparison to Normal Aging, Parkinson's Disease, and Non-Alzheimer's Dementia.
Appropriate use criteria for lumbar puncture and cerebrospinal fluid testing in the diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease.
Genetic testing for early-onset Alzheimer disease.
Clinical and neuropathological findings in a patient with familial Alzheimer disease showing a mutation in the PSEN1 gene.
Tacrine-based Multifunctional Agents in Alzheimer's Disease: An Old Story in Continuous Development§.
Meta-analysis of randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials of melatonin in Alzheimer's disease.
Incidence of antidepressant use in community-dwelling persons with and without Alzheimer's disease: 13-year follow-up.
Health-Related Quality of Life in Patients with Alzheimer's Disease in Different German Health Care Settings.
A Recent Update on the Effects of Omega-3 Fatty Acids in Alzheimer's Disease.
Modulation in the conformational and stability attributes of the Alzheimer's disease associated amyloid-beta mutants and their favorable stabilization by curcumin: molecular dynamics simulation analysis.
Evidence against a role for rare ADAM10 mutations in sporadic Alzheimer disease.
Iatrogenic Alzheimer Disease? Amyloid-β Protein Transmission Between Humans.
Classification of non-demented patients attending a memory clinic using the new diagnostic criteria for Alzheimer's disease with disease-related biomarkers.
Role of σ<sub>1</sub> Receptors in Learning and Memory and Alzheimer's Disease-Type Dementia.
Evidence that the presynaptic vesicle protein CSPalpha is a key player in synaptic degeneration and protection in Alzheimer's disease.
Conformational heterogeneity of tau: Implication on intrinsic disorder, acid stability and fibrillation in Alzheimer's disease.
Self-propagative replication of Aβ oligomers suggests potential transmissibility in Alzheimer disease.
Head motion parameters in fMRI differ between patients with mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer disease versus elderly control subjects.
A change in sleep pattern may predict Alzheimer disease.
Prenatal noise stress aggravates cognitive decline and the onset and progression of beta amyloid pathology in a mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Performance of Hippocampus Volumetry with FSL-FIRST for Prediction of Alzheimer's Disease Dementia in at Risk Subjects with Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment.
Long-term efficacy and toxicity of cholinesterase inhibitors in the treatment of Alzheimer disease.
Alzheimer disease: increased orexin level correlates with sleep disruption and cognitive decline in Alzheimer disease.
Effect of Qingxinkaiqiao compound on cortical mRNA expression of the apoptosis-related genes Bcl-2, BAX, caspase-3, and Aβ in an Alzheimer's
disease rat model.
Inhibitors of NF-κB and P2X7/NLRP3/Caspase 1 pathway in microglia: Novel therapeutic opportunities in neuroinflammation induced early-stage Alzheimer's disease.
Heparan Sulfates Promote Amyloid Pathology in Alzheimer Disease.
Changes in Synaptic Proteins Precede Neurodegeneration Markers in Preclinical Alzheimer's Disease Cerebrospinal Fluid.
Physical and cognitive stimulation in Alzheimer Disease. the GAIA Project: a pilot study.
Does the Female Advantage in Verbal Memory Contribute to Underestimating Alzheimer's Disease Pathology in Women versus Men?
Delusions in Alzheimer Disease are Associated With Decreased Default Mode Network Functional Connectivity.
Determinants of self- and carer-rated quality of life and caregiver burden in Alzheimer disease.
Pain in people with Alzheimer disease: potential applications for psychophysical and neurophysiological research.
Major Depression May Lead to Elevations in Potentially Neurotoxic Amyloid Beta Species Independently of Alzheimer Disease.
Leukocyte telomere length is linked to vascular risk factors not to Alzheimer's disease in the VITA study.
Decoupling of Local Metabolic Activity and Functional Connectivity Links to Amyloid in Alzheimer's Disease.
Effect of Mild Cognitive Impairment and Alzheimer Disease on Auditory Steady-State Responses.
Is Ongoing Anticholinergic Burden Associated with Greater Cognitive Decline & Dementia Severity in Mild to Moderate Alzheimer Disease ?
Volumetric MRI vs clinical predictors of Alzheimer disease in mild cognitive impairment.
The Impact of UNC5C Genetic Variations on Neuroimaging in Alzheimer's Disease.
Label-aligned multi-task feature learning for multimodal classification of Alzheimer's disease and mild cognitive impairment.
Lysosomal cathepsin D is upregulated in Alzheimer's disease neocortex and may be a marker for neurofibrillary degeneration.
Resilience in Carers of People With Young-Onset Alzheimer Disease.
Cellular and Molecular Mediators of Neuroinflammation in Alzheimer Disease.
The paradox of syndromic diversity in Alzheimer disease.
Recent advancements in liposomes targeting strategies to cross blood-brain barrier (BBB) for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease.
Do statins prevent Alzheimer's disease? A narrative review.
A three-dimensional human neural cell culture model of Alzheimer's disease.
Position paper of the Italian Society for the study of Dementias (SINDEM) on the proposal of a new lexicon on Alzheimer disease.
Dual roles of Aβ in proliferative processes in an amyloidogenic model of Alzheimer's disease.
The relationship of cardiovascular risk factors to Alzheimer disease in Choctaw Indians.
Inflammation, cytokines, immune response, apolipoprotein E, cholesterol, and oxidative stress in Alzheimer disease: therapeutic implications.
Copper-2 Ingestion, Plus Increased Meat Eating Leading to Increased Copper Absorption, Are Major Factors Behind the Current Epidemic of Alzheimer's Disease.
Cognitive disability in alzheimer's disease and its management.
Sleep is related to neuron numbers in the ventrolateral preoptic/intermediate nucleus in older adults with and without Alzheimer's disease.
Transplanted neural-like cells improve memory and Alzheimer-like pathology in a rat model.
The temporal trend and distribution characteristics in mortality of Alzheimer's disease and other forms of dementia in China: Based on the National Mortality Surveillance System (NMS) from 2009 to 2015.
Late-Onset Alzheimer's Disease Polygenic Risk Profile Score Predicts Hippocampal Function.
The clinical significance of plasma clusterin and Aβ in the longitudinal follow-up of patients with Alzheimer's disease.
Role of Vitamin E in the Treatment of Alzheimer's Disease: Evidence from Animal Models.
Microtubule affinity-regulating kinases are potential druggable targets for Alzheimer's disease.
Will biomarker-based diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease maximize scientific progress? Evaluating proposed diagnostic criteria.
Diagnostic pathology of Alzheimer's disease from routine microscopy to immunohistochemistry and experimental correlations.
Systems biology approach to late-onset Alzheimer's disease genome-wide association study identifies novel candidate genes validated using brain expression data and Caenorhabditis elegans experiments.
Angiotensin-converting enzyme insertion/deletion polymorphism and the longitudinal progression of Alzheimer's disease.
Herpes viruses and Alzheimer's disease: new evidence in the debate.
Polycyclic maleimide-based derivatives as first dual modulators of neuronal calcium channels and GSK-3β for Alzheimer's disease treatment.
Revisiting rodent models: Octodon degus as Alzheimer's disease model?
First-order Affective Theory of Mind in Persons with Alzheimer's Disease and in Healthy Older Adults.
Quality of Life and Utility Measurement in a Large Clinical Trial Sample of Patients with Mild to Moderate Alzheimer's Disease: Determinants and Level of Changes Observed.
Isoform-specific hyperactivation of calpain-2 occurs presymptomatically at the synapse in Alzheimer's disease mice and correlates with memory deficits in human subjects.
Pretangle pathology within cholinergic nucleus basalis neurons coincides with neurotrophic and neurotransmitter receptor gene dysregulation during the progression of Alzheimer's disease.
Role of Endoplasmic Reticulum Stress in Learning and Memory Impairment and Alzheimer's Disease-Like Neuropathology in the PS19 and APP<sup>Swe</sup> Mouse Models of Tauopathy and Amyloidosis.
PTI-125 binds and reverses an altered conformation of filamin A to reduce Alzheimer's disease pathogenesis.
Disturbances of sleep quality, timing and structure and their relationship with other neuropsychiatric symptoms in Alzheimer's disease and schizophrenia: Insights from studies in patient populations and animal models.
Potential use of γ-secretase modulators in the treatment of Alzheimer disease.
Lipidomic alterations in lipoproteins of patients with mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's disease by asymmetrical flow field-flow fractionation and nanoflow ultrahigh performance liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry.
TDP-43 stage, mixed pathologies, and clinical Alzheimer's-type dementia.
The Cyanthin Diterpenoid and Sesterterpene Constituents of Hericium erinaceus Mycelium Ameliorate Alzheimer's Disease-Related Pathologies in APP/PS1 Transgenic Mice.
A protein homeostasis signature in healthy brains recapitulates tissue vulnerability to Alzheimer's disease.
Revolution of Alzheimer Precision Neurology. Passageway of Systems Biology and Neurophysiology.
Network pharmacology-based analysis of Chinese herbal Naodesheng formula for application to Alzheimer's disease.
Lixisenatide reduces amyloid plaques, neurofibrillary tangles and neuroinflammation in an APP/PS1/tau mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
sRAGE prolonged stem cell survival and suppressed RAGE-related inflammatory cell and T lymphocyte accumulations in an Alzheimer's disease model.
Frequency and subgroups of neuropsychiatric symptoms in mild cognitive impairment and different stages of dementia in Alzheimer's disease.
Aβ propagation and strains: Implications for the phenotypic diversity in Alzheimer's disease.
GSKIP-Mediated Anchoring Increases Phosphorylation of Tau by PKA but Not by GSK3beta via cAMP/PKA/GSKIP/GSK3/Tau Axis Signaling in Cerebrospinal Fluid and iPS Cells in Alzheimer Disease.
Long-Term Dietary Supplementation with Selenium-Enriched Yeast Improves Cognitive Impairment, Reverses Synaptic Deficits, and Mitigates Tau Pathology in a Triple Transgenic Mouse Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
Altered brain high-energy phosphate metabolism in mild Alzheimer's disease: A 3-dimensional <sup>31</sup>P MR spectroscopic imaging study.
The preventive effects of edible folic acid on cardiomyocyte apoptosis and survival in early onset triple-transgenic Alzheimer's disease model mice.
Targeting Tumor Necrosis Factor Alpha for Alzheimer's Disease.
Gad67 haploinsufficiency reduces amyloid pathology and rescues olfactory memory deficits in a mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Large-Scale Oral Treatment Study with the Four Most Promising D3-Derivatives for the Treatment of Alzheimer's Disease.
Anthocyanin-Loaded PEG-Gold Nanoparticles Enhanced the Neuroprotection of Anthocyanins in an Aβ<sub>1-42</sub> Mouse Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
Reduced circulating angiogenic cells in Alzheimer disease.
Association of interleukin-10 polymorphisms with risk factors of Alzheimer's disease and other dementias (SADEM study).
Colocalization of phosphorylated forms of WAVE1, CRMP2, and tau in Alzheimer's disease model mice: Involvement of Cdk5 phosphorylation and the effect of ATRA treatment.
Correlations among cognitive and behavioural assessments in patients with dementia due to Alzheimer's disease.
Alzheimer disease: Solanezumab-prospects for meaningful interventions in AD?
Chronic treatment with a smart antioxidative nanoparticle for inhibition of amyloid plaque propagation in Tg2576 mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Non human primate models for Alzheimer's disease-related research and drug discovery.
Cerebral metabolism, cognition, and functional abilities in Alzheimer disease.
Pharmacologists and Alzheimer disease therapy: to boldly go where no scientist has gone before.
Lack of P-glycoprotein Results in Impairment of Removal of Beta-Amyloid and Increased Intraparenchymal Cerebral Amyloid Angiopathy after Active Immunization in a Transgenic Mouse Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
Estrogen and Alzheimer's disease: Still an attractive topic despite disappointment from early clinical results.
A Precision Medicine Model for Targeted NSAID Therapy in Alzheimer's Disease.
Lifetime Risk Factors for Functional and Cognitive Outcomes in Patients with Alzheimer's Disease.
Imaging Biomarkers of Neurodegeneration in Alzheimer's Disease: Distinct Contributions of Cortical MRI Atrophy and FDG-PET Hypometabolism.
Involvement of the Cingulate Cortex in Anosognosia: A Multimodal Neuroimaging Study in Alzheimer's Disease Patients.
TREM1 mRNA Expression in Leukocytes and Cognitive Function in Japanese Patients with Alzheimer's Disease.
Brain Aging and Late-Onset Alzheimer's Disease: A Matter of Increased Amyloid or Reduced Energy?
Voxel-Based Acetylcholinesterase PET Study in Early and Late Onset Alzheimer's Disease.
Subtle Cognitive Impairment and Alzheimer's Disease-Type Pathological Changes in Cerebrospinal Fluid are Common Among Neurologically Healthy Subjects.
Co-Expression of Glia Maturation Factor and Apolipoprotein E4 in Alzheimer's Disease Brain.
Histamine H3 Inverse Agonist BF 2649 or Antagonist with Partial H4 Agonist Activity Clobenpropit Reduces Amyloid Beta Peptide-Induced Brain Pathology in Alzheimer's Disease.
Cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) for preventing Alzheimer's disease.
Benefit of Oleuropein Aglycone for Alzheimer's Disease by Promoting Autophagy.
[Alzheimer's disease: an actual planetary health emergency.]
Alzheimer disease: Antibody-secreting implant reduces AD pathology in mice.
Alzheimer disease: Meta-analysis finds high reversion rate from MCI to normal cognition.
Cognitive Decline in Presymptomatic Alzheimer Disease.
Alzheimer's Disease Risk Genes and Lipid Regulators.
Event-related potential markers of brain changes in preclinical familial Alzheimer disease.
Supportive approaches for Alzheimer disease.
Role of alpha1-adrenergic receptor antibodies in Alzheimer's disease.
Tau Accumulation in Primary Motor Cortex of Variant Alzheimer's Disease with Spastic Paraparesis.
Alzheimer disease: before the diagnosis.
PET imaging for Alzheimer disease: are its benefits worth the cost?
Antioxidant role of amyloid β protein in cell-free and biological systems: implication for the pathogenesis of Alzheimer disease.
Impaired AMPA signaling and cytoskeletal alterations induce early synaptic dysfunction in a mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Aβ dimers induce behavioral and neurochemical deficits of relevance to early Alzheimer's disease.
On the central role of mitochondria dysfunction and oxidative stress in Alzheimer's disease.
Brain-derived neurotrophic factor gene variants and Alzheimer disease: an association study in an Alzheimer disease Italian population.
Agitation, Oxidative Stress, and Cytokines in Alzheimer Disease: Biomarker Analyses From a Clinical Trial With Nabilone for Agitation.
Effects of Vitamin D Use on Outcomes of Psychotic Symptoms in Alzheimer Disease Patients.
Role of physical activity in ameliorating neuropsychiatric symptoms in Alzheimer disease: A narrative review.
Feature selective temporal prediction of Alzheimer's disease progression using hippocampus surface morphometry.
Candidate gene analysis for Alzheimer's disease in adults with Down syndrome.
Relationships of Dietary Patterns, Foods, and Micro- and Macronutrients with Alzheimer's Disease and Late-Life Cognitive Disorders: A Systematic Review.
PINK1 signalling rescues amyloid pathology and mitochondrial dysfunction in Alzheimer's disease.
Comment: How personal is Alzheimer disease?
Alzheimer disease: AD-susceptible brain regions exhibit altered DNA methylation.
The economic burden of the care and treatment for people with Alzheimer's disease: the outlook for the Czech Republic.
[A blog and a theater play for living with Alzheimer disease].
Diagnostic accuracy of CERAD total score in a Colombian cohort with mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's disease affected by E280A mutation on presenilin-1 gene.
Attributable risk of Alzheimer's dementia attributed to age-related neuropathologies.
Health-related quality of life in caregivers of patients with Alzheimer's disease.
Agitation and aggression in Alzheimer's disease: an update on pharmacological and psychosocial approaches to care.
Clinical relevance of specific T-cell activation in the blood and cerebrospinal fluid of patients with mild Alzheimer's disease.
French maritime pine bark treatment decelerates plaque development and improves spatial memory in Alzheimer's disease mice.
Study partners: essential collaborators in discovering treatments for Alzheimer's disease.
Lipid peroxidation biomarkers correlation with medial temporal atrophy in early Alzheimer Disease.
Alzheimer's Disease, time to turn the tide.
Oral Brain-Targeted Microemulsion for Enhanced Piperine Delivery in Alzheimer's Disease Therapy: In Vitro Appraisal, In Vivo Activity, and Nanotoxicity.
Deep Brain Stimulation of the Fornix: Engaging Therapeutic Circuits and Networks in Alzheimer Disease.
Alzheimer's Disease and Sleep-Wake Disturbances: Amyloid, Astrocytes, and Animal Models.
Differentiating Alzheimer's Disease from Dementia with Lewy Bodies Using a Deep Learning Technique Based on Structural Brain Connectivity.
On the lack of a clear-cut association between alpha-2-macroglobulin deletion and the risk of Alzheimer disease in Poland.
Correlative Light-Electron Microscopy detects lipopolysaccharide and its association with fibrin fibres in Parkinson's Disease, Alzheimer's Disease and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Discriminative multi-task feature selection for multi-modality classification of Alzheimer's disease.
Edaravone injection ameliorates cognitive deficits in rat model of Alzheimer's disease.
Alzheimer's disease and the autophagic-lysosomal system.
Socio-economic Aspects of Alzheimer's Disease.
Transcriptional Remodeling in Primary Hippocampal Astrocytes from an Alzheimer's Disease Mouse Model.
Assessing the presence of shared genetic architecture between Alzheimer's disease and major depressive disorder using genome-wide association data.
Nanotheranostics: Congo Red/Rutin-MNPs with Enhanced Magnetic Resonance Imaging and H2O2-Responsive Therapy of Alzheimer's Disease in APPswe/PS1dE9 Transgenic Mice.
Disruption of cholinergic neurotransmission exacerbates Aβ-related cognitive impairment in preclinical Alzheimer's disease.
GSTM1 Null Genotype and GSTP1 Ile105Val Polymorphism Are Associated with Alzheimer's Disease: a Meta-Analysis.
Brain region- and sex-specific alterations in mitochondrial function and NF-κB signaling in the TgCRND8 mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Utility of the functional activities questionnaire for distinguishing mild cognitive impairment from very mild Alzheimer disease.
Genetic heterogeneity of Alzheimer's disease in subjects with and without hypertension.
Vitamin C, Aging and Alzheimer's Disease.
Tau pathology and cognitive reserve in Alzheimer's disease.
BAG-1M co-activates BACE1 transcription through NF-κB and accelerates Aβ production and memory deficit in Alzheimer's disease mouse model.
Increased susceptibility to Aβ toxicity in neuronal cultures derived from familial Alzheimer's disease (PSEN1-A246E) induced pluripotent stem cells.
Longitudinal Positron Emission Tomography in Preventive Alzheimer's Disease Drug Trials, Critical Barriers from Imaging Science Perspective.
Association Between CSF Beta-Amyloid and Apathy in Early-Stage Alzheimer Disease.
Amyloid cascade hypothesis: Pathogenesis and therapeutic strategies in Alzheimer's disease.
Alpha event-related synchronization after eye closing differs in Alzheimer's disease and dementia with Lewy bodies: a magnetoencephalography study.
Preliminary evidence that rivastigmine-induced inhibition of serum butyrylcholinesterase activity improves behavioral symptoms in Japanese patients with Alzheimer's disease.
Protective effects of gingerol on streptozotocin-induced sporadic Alzheimer's disease: emphasis on inhibition of β-amyloid, COX-2, alpha-, beta - secretases and APH1a.
Familial prion disease with Alzheimer disease-like tau pathology and clinical phenotype.
Effects of rs3846662 Variants on HMGCR mRNA and Protein Levels and on Markers of Alzheimer's Disease Pathology.
Donepezil effects on cholesterol and oxysterol plasma levels of Alzheimer's disease patients.
Smoking, death, and Alzheimer disease: a case of competing risks.
Increased autophagic degradation of mitochondria in Alzheimer disease.
Neuroprotective Effects of Amylin Analogues on Alzheimer's Disease Pathogenesis and Cognition.
Periodontal Pathogens and Associated Intrathecal Antibodies in Early Stages of Alzheimer's Disease.
Aβ42/Aβ40 and Aβ42/Aβ38 Ratios Are Associated with Measures of Gait Variability and Activities of Daily Living in Mild Alzheimer's Disease: A Pilot Study.
Neuro-Immuno-Gene- and Genome-Editing-Therapy for Alzheimer's Disease: Are We There Yet?
Ketogenic Medium Chain Triglycerides Increase Brain Energy Metabolism in Alzheimer's Disease.
Meta-Analysis of the Association between Variants in ABCA7 and Alzheimer's Disease.
Personality Modulates the Efficacy of Art Intervention on Chronic Pain in a Population of Patients with Alzheimer's Disease.
Quantifying miRNA Deregulation in Alzheimer's Disease.
Amyloid PET Imaging: Standardization and Integration with Other Alzheimer's Disease Biomarkers.
Linking Atrial Fibrillation with Alzheimer's Disease: Epidemiological, Pathological, and Mechanistic Evidence.
A Systematic Review of Antiamyloidogenic and Metal-Chelating Peptoids: Two Structural Motifs for the Treatment of Alzheimer's Disease.
Neuroanatomical Comparison of the "Word" and "Picture" Versions of the Free and Cued Selective Reminding Test in Alzheimer's Disease.
Epigenetic Drug Repositioning for Alzheimer's Disease Based on Epigenetic Targets in Human Interactome.
Biomarkers for Alzheimer's Disease Diagnosis.
Mutations in ABCA7 in a Belgian cohort of Alzheimer's disease patients: a targeted resequencing study.
Amyloid-β annular protofibrils evade fibrillar fate in Alzheimer disease brain.
Behavioral stress causes mitochondrial dysfunction via ABAD up-regulation and aggravates plaque pathology in the brain of a mouse model of Alzheimer disease.
Synaptotoxicity in Alzheimer's Disease Involved a Dysregulation of Actin Cytoskeleton Dynamics through Cofilin 1 Phosphorylation.
Protection against cognitive deficits and markers of neurodegeneration by long-term oral administration of melatonin in a transgenic model of Alzheimer disease.
The relationship between complement factor C3, APOE ε4, amyloid and tau in Alzheimer's disease.
Amalaki Rasayana improved memory and neuronal metabolic activity in AbPP-PS1 mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Differential diagnosis between patients with probable Alzheimer's disease, Parkinson's disease dementia, or dementia with Lewy bodies and frontotemporal dementia, behavioral variant, using quantitative electroencephalographic features.
Lower cerebral blood flow is associated with faster cognitive decline in Alzheimer's disease.
Connectome-wide network analysis of white matter connectivity in Alzheimer's disease.
[Parkinson's disease, Alzheimer's disease and oncological diseases in residential geriatric care : Pain frequency and selected healthcare features in comparison].
Previously unrecognized missense mutation E126K of PSEN2 segregates with early onset Alzheimer's disease in a family.
Epileptic activity in Alzheimer's disease: causes and clinical relevance.
Butyrylcholinesterase-knockout reduces fibrillar β-amyloid and conserves <sup>18</sup>FDG retention in 5XFAD mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Identification of a novel PSEN1 mutation (Leu232Pro) in a Korean patient with early-onset Alzheimer's disease and a family history of dementia.
Oral administration of methysticin improves cognitive deficits in a mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Galantamine Response Associates with Agitation and the Prefrontal Cortex in Patients with Alzheimer's Disease.
Mindup: A Platform for Monitoring and Cognitive Enhancement for Patients with Alzheimer's Disease.
A new target for Alzheimer's disease: A small molecule SERCA activator is neuroprotective in vitro and improves memory and cognition in APP/PS1 mice.
Diagnosis and management of Alzheimer's disease: past, present and future ethical issues.
Memory Correlates of Alzheimer's Disease Cerebrospinal Fluid Markers: A Longitudinal Cohort Study.
APOE ε4 allele elevates the expressions of inflammatory factors and promotes Alzheimer's disease progression: A comparative study based on Han and She populations in the Wenzhou area.
[Expression of protein phosphatase 2AC in the brain of mice and Alzheimer's patients].
Targeting Alzheimer's disease with gene and cell therapies.
Alzheimer disease-like phenotype associated with the c.154delA mutation in progranulin.
GWAS-Linked Loci and Neuroimaging Measures in Alzheimer's Disease.
Improving effects of Echium amoenum aqueous extract on rat model of Alzheimer's disease.
ErbB2 regulates autophagic flux to modulate the proteostasis of APP-CTFs in Alzheimer's disease.
Functional networks are impaired by elevated tau-protein but reversible in a regulatable Alzheimer's disease mouse model.
Insulin Resistance and Neurodegeneration: Progress Towards the Development of New Therapeutics for Alzheimer's Disease.
Cerebral metabolic correlates of attention networks in Alzheimer's Disease: A study of the Stroop.
Associations of lower vitamin D concentrations with cognitive decline and long-term risk of dementia and Alzheimer's disease in older adults.
Oligomeric forms of amyloid-β protein in plasma as a potential blood-based biomarker for Alzheimer's disease.
Novel Vilazodone-Tacrine Hybrids as Potential Multitarget-Directed Ligands for the Treatment of Alzheimer's Disease Accompanied with Depression: Design, Synthesis, and Biological Evaluation.
Vitamin E and Alzheimer's disease: what do we know so far?
The Triangle of Death in Alzheimer's Disease Brain: The Aberrant Cross-Talk Among Energy Metabolism, Mammalian Target of Rapamycin Signaling, and Protein Homeostasis Revealed by Redox Proteomics.
Stroke risk interacts with Alzheimer's disease biomarkers on brain aging outcomes.
The clinical picture of Alzheimer's disease in the decade before diagnosis: clinical and biomarker trajectories.
How are we going to live with Alzheimer's disease?
Disease-Induced Alterations in Brain Drug Transporters in Animal Models of Alzheimer's Disease : Theme: Drug Discovery, Development and Delivery in Alzheimer's Disease Guest Editor: Davide Brambilla.
Older patients are still under-represented in clinical trials of Alzheimer's disease.
Endo-lysosomal and autophagic dysfunction: a driving factor in Alzheimer's disease?
Dissecting IWG-2 typical and atypical Alzheimer's disease: insights from cerebrospinal fluid analysis.
No association between head injury with loss of consciousness and Alzheimer disease pathology-Findings from the University of Manchester Longitudinal Study of Cognition in Normal Healthy Old Age.
Lack of evidence for the efficacy of memantine in mild Alzheimer disease.
Peritoneal dialysis reduces amyloid-beta plasma levels in humans and attenuates Alzheimer-associated phenotypes in an APP/PS1 mouse model.
Retinal changes in the Tg-SwDI mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Cohort Study on Predictors of Need for Nursing Care in Alzheimer's Disease: An Analysis of Healthcare Data.
Combined Genome-Wide CSF Aβ-42's Associations and Simple Network Properties Highlight New Risk Factors for Alzheimer's Disease.
Protective effect of valproic acid in streptozotocin-induced sporadic Alzheimer's disease mouse model: possible involvement of the cholinergic system.
[Transmission of pathogenic protein aggregates in Alzheimer's disease].
Application of calibrated fMRI in Alzheimer's disease.
Rubrofusarin inhibits Aβ aggregation and ameliorates memory loss in an Aβ-induced Alzheimer's disease-like mouse model.
Alzheimer disease and risk of stroke: a population-based cohort study.
APOE interacts with age to modify rate of decline in cognitive and brain changes in Alzheimer's disease.
Meta-Analysis of Serum Insulin-Like Growth Factor 1 in Alzheimer's Disease.
Inflammation, defective insulin signaling, and mitochondrial dysfunction as common molecular denominators connecting type 2 diabetes to Alzheimer disease.
Cerebral microhemorrhage and brain β-amyloid in aging and Alzheimer disease.
Ryanodine receptors: physiological function and deregulation in Alzheimer disease.
How to Implement Multidomain Interventions for the Prevention of Alzheimer Disease in China?
Olfactory Loss-On the Road to Potential Diagnosis Criteria of Alzheimer Disease.
Delirium accelerates cognitive decline in Alzheimer disease.
Safety and pharmacology of ponezumab (PF-04360365) after a single 10-minute intravenous infusion in subjects with mild to moderate Alzheimer disease.
Time-of-flight secondary ion mass spectrometry (TOF-SIMS) imaging reveals cholesterol overload in the cerebral cortex of Alzheimer disease patients.
Alzheimer disease: Functional connectivity changes show similar trajectories in autosomal dominant and sporadic Alzheimer disease.
Differentiating shunt-responsive normal pressure hydrocephalus from Alzheimer disease and normal aging: pilot study using automated MRI brain tissue segmentation.
Dopamine differently modulates central cholinergic circuits in patients with Alzheimer disease and CADASIL.
[Neuropsychiatric and behavioral symptomatology in Alzheimer disease].
Klotho allele status is not associated with Aβ and APOE ε4-related cognitive decline in preclinical Alzheimer's disease.
Spread of tau down neural circuits precedes synapse and neuronal loss in the rTgTauEC mouse model of early Alzheimer's disease.
Differences in brain metabolism associated with agitation and depression in Alzheimer's disease.
Cardiac Abnormalities in Alzheimer Disease: Clinical Relevance Beyond Pathophysiological Rationale and Instrumental Findings?
Hospital-treated mental and behavioral disorders and risk of Alzheimer's disease: A nationwide nested case-control study.
Oxidative toxicity in diabetes and Alzheimer's disease: mechanisms behind ROS/ RNS generation.
OCT in Alzheimer's disease: thinning of the RNFL and superior hemiretina.
Patients with Alzheimer disease have elevated intrathecal synthesis of antibodies against tau protein and heavy neurofilament.
Inflammatory prostaglandin E2 signaling in a mouse model of Alzheimer disease.
The Role of Mast Cells in Alzheimer's Disease.
In Silico Design of Beta-Secretase Inhibitors in Alzheimer's Disease.
The cost of Alzheimer's disease in China and re-estimation of costs worldwide.
Identification and confirmation of an exonic splicing enhancer variation in exon 5 of the Alzheimer disease associated PICALM gene.
Genetic Analysis of TREM2 Variants in Tunisian Patients with Alzheimer's Disease.
<i>APP, PSEN1</i>, and <i>PSEN2</i> Mutations in Asian Patients with Early-Onset Alzheimer Disease.
Aging-Related Changes in Cognition and Cortical Integrity are Associated With Serum Expression of Candidate MicroRNAs for Alzheimer Disease.
Enhanced antigen retrieval of amyloid β immunohistochemistry: re-evaluation of amyloid β pathology in Alzheimer disease and its mouse model.
Inhibition of amyloid-beta peptide aggregation rescues the autophagic deficits in the TgCRND8 mouse model of Alzheimer disease.
The role of monoamines in the development of Alzheimer's disease and neuroprotective effect of a proline rich polypeptide.
ε3/4 genotype of the apolipoprotein E is associated with higher risk of Alzheimer's disease in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Polysaccharide of Schisandra Chinensis Fructus ameliorates cognitive decline in a mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Scope of new formulation approaches in the repurposing of pioglitazone for the management of Alzheimer's disease.
Alzheimer's disease and driving: review of the literature and consensus guideline from Belgian dementia experts and the Belgian road safety institute endorsed by the Belgian Medical Association.
Potential Role of Fluoride in the Etiopathogenesis of Alzheimer's Disease.
Neuroimaging and other modalities to assess Alzheimer's disease in Down syndrome.
Transthyretin neuroprotection in Alzheimer's disease is dependent on proteolysis.
An Overview of New Possible Treatments of Alzheimer's Disease, Based on Natural Products and Semi-Synthetic Compounds.
Working Memory in Alzheimer's Disease and Parkinson's Disease.
Distinct microglia profile in Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease and Alzheimer's disease is independent of disease kinetics.
Brain APOE expression quantitative trait loci-based association study identified one susceptibility locus for Alzheimer's disease by interacting with APOE ε4.
Differences in cognitive ability and hippocampal volume between Alzheimer's disease, amnestic mild cognitive impairment, and healthy control groups, and their correlation.
Brain glucose metabolism in vascular white matter disease with dementia: differentiation from Alzheimer disease.
Molecular Anti-inflammatory Mechanisms of Retinoids and Carotenoids in Alzheimer's Disease: a Review of Current Evidence.
Characterization of FRM-36143 as a new γ-secretase modulator for the potential treatment of familial Alzheimer's disease.
Neuroprotective Potential of Novel Multi-Targeted Isoalloxazine Derivatives in Rodent Models of Alzheimer's Disease Through Activation of Canonical Wnt/β-Catenin Signalling Pathway.
Decreased expression of the APOA1-APOC3-APOA4 gene cluster is associated with risk of Alzheimer's disease.
Temporal evolution of biomarkers and cognitive markers in the asymptomatic, MCI, and dementia stage of Alzheimer's disease.
Developmental toxicant exposure in a mouse model of Alzheimer's disease induces differential sex-associated microglial activation and increased susceptibility to amyloid accumulation.
Mitochondrial Metabolism Power SIRT2-Dependent Deficient Traffic Causing Alzheimer's-Disease Related Pathology.
An investigation of cerebrovascular lesions in dementia with Lewy bodies compared to Alzheimer's disease.
Effective expression of Drebrin in hippocampus improves cognitive function and alleviates lesions of Alzheimer's disease in APP (swe)/PS1 (ΔE9) mice.
The attribution of animacy and agency in frontotemporal dementia versus Alzheimer's disease.
Relations between personality changes and cerebrospinal fluid biomarkers of Alzheimer's disease pathology.
Intramuscular delivery of p75NTR ectodomain by an AAV vector attenuates cognitive deficits and Alzheimer's disease-like pathologies in APP/PS1 transgenic mice.
Antioxidant SkQ1 Alleviates Signs of Alzheimer's Disease-like Pathology in Old OXYS Rats by Reversing Mitochondrial Deterioration.
Nanotechnology Based Theranostic Approaches in Alzheimer's Disease Management: Current Status and Future Perspective.
Alzheimer's Disease-like Early-phase Brain Pathogenesis: Self-curing Amelioration of Neurodegeneration from Pro-inflammatory 'Wounding' to Anti-inflammatory 'Healing'.
Generation of Alzheimer's Disease Transgenic Zebrafish Expressing Human APP Mutation Under Control of Zebrafish appb Promotor.
Amyloid cascade in Alzheimer's disease: Recent advances in medicinal chemistry.
Dementia from Alzheimer disease and mixed pathologies in the oldest old.
Alzheimer's disease.
Neuroprotective effects of Coptis chinensis Franch polysaccharide on amyloid-beta (Aβ)-induced toxicity in a transgenic Caenorhabditis elegans model of Alzheimer's disease (AD).
Time-dependent reversal of synaptic plasticity induced by physiological concentrations of oligomeric Aβ42: an early index of Alzheimer's disease.
Dopamine neuronal loss contributes to memory and reward dysfunction in a model of Alzheimer's disease.
Random forest prediction of Alzheimer's disease using pairwise selection from time series data.
Valproic Acid Modifies Synaptic Structure and Accelerates Neurite Outgrowth Via the Glycogen Synthase Kinase-3β Signaling Pathway in an Alzheimer's Disease Model.
Changes in CSF cholinergic biomarkers in response to cell therapy with NGF in patients with Alzheimer's disease.
The efficacy and safety of memantine for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease.
Pharmacological targeting of CSF1R inhibits microglial proliferation and prevents the progression of Alzheimer's-like pathology.
iPSC-Based Compound Screening and In Vitro Trials Identify a Synergistic Anti-amyloid β Combination for Alzheimer's Disease.
CHAT gene polymorphism rs3810950 is associated with the risk of Alzheimer's disease in the Czech population.
An Arabic Version of the Cognitive Subscale of the Alzheimer's Disease Assessment Scale (ADAS-Cog): Reliability, Validity, and Normative Data.
White matter hyperintensities and the mediating role of cerebral amyloid angiopathy in dominantly-inherited Alzheimer's disease.
Rapidly Progressive Alzheimer's Disease in Two Distinct Autopsy Cohorts.
Lost in Translation? Finding Our Way To Effective Alzheimer's Disease Therapies.
Mutation profile of APP, PSEN1, and PSEN2 in Chinese familial Alzheimer's disease.
Visual Features in Alzheimer's Disease: From Basic Mechanisms to Clinical Overview.
KCa3.1 constitutes a pharmacological target for astrogliosis associated with Alzheimer's disease.
Andrographolide recovers cognitive impairment in a natural model of Alzheimer's disease (Octodon degus).
New molecular approaches to Alzheimer's disease.
TDP-43 pathology in anterior temporal pole cortex in aging and Alzheimer's disease.
Health economic evaluation of treatments for Alzheimer's disease: impact of new diagnostic criteria.
Diabetic ketoacidosis further increases risk of Alzheimer's disease in patients with type 2 diabetes.
Seeding selectivity and ultrasensitive detection of tau aggregate conformers of Alzheimer disease.
A computational method for computing an Alzheimer's disease progression score; experiments and validation with the ADNI data set.
Altered neurotransmission prior to cognitive decline in AβPP/PS1 mice, a model of Alzheimer's disease.
Brain connectivity and novel network measures for Alzheimer's disease classification.
Invited Commentary: Examining Sex/Gender Differences in Risk of Alzheimer Disease and Related Dementias-Challenges and Future Directions.
The sterol regulatory element-binding protein 2 is dysregulated by tau alterations in Alzheimer disease.
Two novel loci, COBL and SLC10A2, for Alzheimer's disease in African Americans.
Magnetic resonance imaging in Alzheimer's Disease Neuroimaging Initiative 2.
Inhibition of mitochondrial fragmentation protects against Alzheimer's disease in rodent model.
A Missense Variant in TREML2 Reduces Risk of Alzheimer's Disease in a Han Chinese Population.
The Effect of the APOE Genotype on Individual BrainAGE in Normal Aging, Mild Cognitive Impairment, and Alzheimer's Disease.
Identifying factors of activities of daily living important for cost and caregiver outcomes in Alzheimer's disease.
The experience of self and threats to sense of self among relatives caring for people with Alzheimer's disease.
The Mount Sinai cohort of large-scale genomic, transcriptomic and proteomic data in Alzheimer's disease.
Upregulation of Proteolytic Pathways and Altered Protein Biosynthesis Underlie Retinal Pathology in a Mouse Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
Neurodegenerative disease: Immunotherapy opportunity emerges for Alzheimer disease.
Mitophagy inhibits amyloid-β and tau pathology and reverses cognitive deficits in models of Alzheimer's disease.
Neuroanatomical Characteristics Associated With Response to Deep Brain Stimulation of the Nucleus Basalis of Meynert for Alzheimer's Disease.
Amyloid Beta and Phosphorylated Tau-Induced Defective Autophagy and Mitophagy in Alzheimer's Disease.
Early astrocytosis in autosomal dominant Alzheimer's disease measured in vivo by multi-tracer positron emission tomography.
Sphingolipid metabolism correlates with cerebrospinal fluid Beta amyloid levels in Alzheimer's disease.
Association of Induced Hyperhomocysteinemia with Alzheimer's Disease-Like Neurodegeneration in Rat Cortical Neurons After Global Ischemia-Reperfusion Injury.
Preliminary Data on the Interaction between Some Biometals and Oxidative Stress Status in Mild Cognitive Impairment and Alzheimer's Disease Patients.
Cognitive Impairment Precedes and Predicts Functional Impairment in Mild Alzheimer's Disease.
Cerebrospinal Biomarkers in Alzheimer Disease-Potential Roles as Markers of Prognosis and Neuroplasticity.
Next Generation Brain Health Depends on Early Alzheimer Disease Diagnosis: From a Timely Diagnosis to Future Population Screening.
Alzheimer disease is in part a thrombohemorrhagic disorder.
Characterization of oral disintegrating film containing donepezil for Alzheimer disease.
Diagnostic and prognostic role of semantic processing in preclinical Alzheimer's disease.
Relationship of amyloid-β burden with age-at-onset in Alzheimer disease.
Alzheimer disease-related presenilin-1 variants exert distinct effects on monoamine oxidase-A activity in vitro.
MFG-E8 inhibits Aβ-induced microglial production of cathelicidin-related antimicrobial peptide: A suitable target against Alzheimer's disease.
Early minor stimulation of microglial TLR2 and TLR4 receptors attenuates Alzheimer's disease-related cognitive deficit in rats: behavioral, molecular, and electrophysiological evidence.
Astrogliosis: An integral player in the pathogenesis of Alzheimer's disease.
Exploring the brain tissue proteome of TgCRND8 Alzheimer's Disease model mice under B vitamin deficient diet induced hyperhomocysteinemia by LC-MS top-down platform.
Trafficking and proteolytic processing of amyloid precursor protein and secretases in Alzheimer's disease development: An up-to-date review.
The influences of psychotic symptoms on the activities of daily living of individuals with Alzheimer disease: a longitudinal analysis.
Biomarkers, ketone bodies, and the prevention of Alzheimer's disease.
Early-versus Late-Onset Alzheimer Disease: Long-Term Functional Outcomes, Nursing Home Placement, and Risk Factors for Rate of Progression.
Identification of linear polyubiquitin chain immunoreactivity in tau pathology of Alzheimer's disease.
Diagnosis disclosure and advance care planning in Alzheimer disease: opinions of a sample of Italian citizens.
Receptor tyrosine kinases (RTKs) consociate in regulatory clusters in Alzheimer's disease and type 2 diabetes.
Effect of Alzheimer disease genetic risk disclosure on dietary supplement use.
Association of total tau and phosphorylated tau 181 protein levels in cerebrospinal fluid with cerebral atrophy in mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer disease.
Default Mode Network Lateralization and Memory in Healthy Aging and Alzheimer's Disease.
Executive and Language Subjective Cognitive Decline Complaints Discriminate Preclinical Alzheimer's Disease from Normal Aging.
[Alzheimer's disease].
Multicenter, randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind clinical trial of escitalopram on the progression-delaying effects in Alzheimer's disease.
Diagnostic utility of 18F-Fluorodeoxyglucose positron emission tomography (FDG-PET) in asymptomatic subjects at increased risk for Alzheimer's disease.
Developmental Expression and Dysregulation of miR-146a and miR-155 in Down's Syndrome and Mouse Models of Down's Syndrome and Alzheimer's Disease.
Diagnostic and Prognostic Potential of Retinal Biomarkers in Early On-Set Alzheimer's Disease.
Fibrinogen Induces Microglia-Mediated Spine Elimination and Cognitive Impairment in an Alzheimer's Disease Model.
Disease-modifying benefit of Fyn blockade persists after washout in mouse Alzheimer's model.
Clinical and neuropathological features of the arctic APP gene mutation causing early-onset Alzheimer disease.
A Novel Alzheimer-Associated SNP in Tmp21 Increases Amyloidogenesis.
The search for better animal models of Alzheimer's disease.
[Strategy and perspectives for development of Alzheimer disease-modifying drugs].
Astrocyte Transforming Growth Factor Beta 1 Protects Synapses against Aβ Oligomers in Alzheimer's Disease Model.
Topographical APOE ɛ4 Genotype Influence on Cerebral Metabolism in the Continuum of Alzheimer's Disease: Amyloid Burden Adjusted Analysis.
Alzheimer's Disease and Parkinson's Disease: A Review of Current Treatment Adopting a Nanotechnology Approach.
Plasma signaling proteins in persons at genetic risk for Alzheimer disease: influence of APOE genotype.
Overexpression of matrix metalloproteinase-9 (MMP-9) rescues insulin-mediated impairment in the 5XFAD model of Alzheimer's disease.
Alzheimer's disease: Innate immunity gone awry?
Analysis of APL1beta28, a surrogate marker for Alzheimer Abeta42, indicates altered precision of gamma-cleavage in the brains of Alzheimer disease patients.
Identification and therapeutic modulation of a pro-inflammatory subset of disease-associated-microglia in Alzheimer's disease.
Pathological diagnosis of combined Alzheimer's disease and argyrophilic grain dementia in a very elderly man who presented with advanced behavioural and psychological symptoms.
Hypothalamic dysfunction is related to sleep impairment and CSF biomarkers in Alzheimer's disease.
Peripheral Brain-Derived Neurotrophic Factor Levels in Alzheimer's Disease and Mild Cognitive Impairment: a Comprehensive Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.
Alzheimer disease identification using amyloid imaging and reserve variables: proof of concept.
Immunological alteration & toxic molecular inductions leading to cognitive impairment & neurotoxicity in transgenic mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Involvement of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor β/δ (PPAR β/δ) in BDNF signaling during aging and in Alzheimer disease: possible role of 4-hydroxynonenal (4-HNE).
Genetic susceptibility to behavioural and psychological symptoms in Alzheimer disease.
The midlife cognitive profiles of adults at high risk of late-onset Alzheimer's disease: The PREVENT study.
A pathogenic PSEN1 Trp165Cys mutation associated with early-onset Alzheimer's disease.
Altered Nup153 Expression Impairs the Function of Cultured Hippocampal Neural Stem Cells Isolated from a Mouse Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
Synthesis and biological evaluation of 3-(4-aminophenyl)-coumarin derivatives as potential anti-Alzheimer's disease agents.
A Systematic Review of Longitudinal Studies Which Measure Alzheimer's Disease Biomarkers.
Electrophysiological assessment methodology of sensory processing dysfunction in schizophrenia and dementia of the Alzheimer type.
Mining Outcome-relevant Brain Imaging Genetic Associations via Three-way Sparse Canonical Correlation Analysis in Alzheimer's Disease.
Familial Alzheimer's Disease Mutations within the Amyloid Precursor Protein Alter the Aggregation and Conformation of the Amyloid-β Peptide.
[Molecular pathology and disease-modifying therapy of Alzheimer disease].
Anti-Oxidative Stress Activity Is Essential for Amanita caesarea Mediated Neuroprotection on Glutamate-Induced Apoptotic HT22 Cells and an Alzheimer's Disease Mouse Model.
Blood-Brain Barrier Penetrating Biologic TNF-α Inhibitor for Alzheimer's Disease.
Hypericum perforatum extract attenuates behavioral, biochemical, and neurochemical abnormalities in Aluminum chloride-induced Alzheimer's disease rats.
Risk factors associated with the onset and progression of Alzheimer's disease: A systematic review of the evidence.
Genome scan of age-at-onset in the NIMH Alzheimer disease sample uncovers multiple loci, along with evidence of both genetic and sample heterogeneity.
Inositol trisphosphate 3-kinase B is increased in human Alzheimer brain and exacerbates mouse Alzheimer pathology.
Crowdsourced estimation of cognitive decline and resilience in Alzheimer's disease.
Rodent models of neuroinflammation for Alzheimer's disease.
TDP-43 pathology in primary progressive aphasia and frontotemporal dementia with pathologic Alzheimer disease.
Depressive symptoms as a barrier to engagement in physical activity in older adults with and without Alzheimer's disease.
Characteristic patterns of inter- and intra-hemispheric metabolic connectivity in patients with stable and progressive mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's disease.
Constructing longitudinal disease progression curves using sparse, short-term individual data with an application to Alzheimer's disease.
Dysfunctional Mitochondrial Bioenergetics and Synaptic Degeneration in Alzheimer Disease.
Ceftriaxone ameliorates tau pathology and cognitive decline via restoration of glial glutamate transporter in a mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Beta-amyloid and Cortical Thickness Reveal Racial Disparities in Preclinical Alzheimer's Disease.
A Glycosaminoglycan Extract from <i>Portunus pelagicus</i> Inhibits BACE1, the β Secretase Implicated in Alzheimer's Disease.
Latency to startle is increased in the 5xFAD mouse model of Alzheimer’s disease.
Leptin in Alzheimer's disease.
Serum apolipoprotein E is associated with long-term risk of Alzheimer's disease: The Rotterdam Study.
Metabolomics-based promising candidate biomarkers and pathways in Alzheimer's disease.
Future directions in Alzheimer's disease from risk factors to prevention.
Multitarget Tacrine Hybrids with Neuroprotective Properties to Confront Alzheimer's Disease.
Basal forebrain atrophy correlates with amyloid β burden in Alzheimer's disease.
Associations Between Positron Emission Tomography Amyloid Pathology and Diffusion Tensor Imaging Brain Connectivity in Pre-Clinical Alzheimer's Disease.
Aluminum and Alzheimer's Disease.
Suppression of AIMP1 protects cognition in Alzheimer's disease model mice 3xTg-AD.
Evaluation of the efficacy of animal-assisted therapy based on the reality orientation therapy protocol in Alzheimer's disease patients: a pilot study.
Quantitative Genetics Validates Previous Genetic Variants and Identifies Novel Genetic Players Influencing Alzheimer's Disease Cerebrospinal Fluid Biomarkers.
Whole-genome sequencing suggests a chemokine gene cluster that modifies age at onset in familial Alzheimer's disease.
The Potential of 'Omics to Link Lipid Metabolism and Genetic and Comorbidity Risk Factors of Alzheimer's Disease in African Americans.
Design and development of molecular hybrids of 2-pyridylpiperazine and 5-phenyl-1,3,4-oxadiazoles as potential multifunctional agents to treat Alzheimer's disease.
Cerebrospinal Fluid Markers of Synaptic Injury and Functional Connectivity in Alzheimer Disease: Protocol for a Cross-Sectional Study.
Analysis of Surface Levels of IL-1 Receptors and Macrophage Scavenger Receptor I in Peripheral Immune Cells of Patients With Alzheimer Disease.
To What Extent Does Age at Death Account for Sex Differences in Rates of Mortality From Alzheimer Disease?
Anti-Amyloid-β Monoclonal Antibodies for Alzheimer's Disease: Pitfalls and Promise.
Biomarkers of Alzheimer disease, insulin resistance, and obesity in childhood.
Accurate Prediction of Conversion to Alzheimer's Disease using Imaging, Genetic, and Neuropsychological Biomarkers.
Beneficial effects of resveratrol and exercise training on cardiac and aortic function and structure in the 3xTg mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
[Effect of "Xiusanzhen" on hippocampal muscarinic cholinergic receptor activity in Alzheimer disease rats].
Accuracy of reported family history and effectiveness of medical record requests in genetic counseling for Alzheimer disease.
Alexithymia in people with subjective cognitive decline, mild cognitive impairment, and mild Alzheimer's disease.
CSF biomarkers of Alzheimer's disease concord with amyloid-β PET and predict clinical progression: A study of fully automated immunoassays in BioFINDER and ADNI cohorts.
Association of MAPT haplotype-tagging polymorphisms with cerebrospinal fluid biomarkers of Alzheimer's disease: A preliminary study in a Croatian cohort.
Could clinical profile influence CSF biomarkers in early-onset Alzheimer disease?
Assessment of potential measures in models of progression in Alzheimer disease.
Regional association of pCASL-MRI with FDG-PET and PiB-PET in people at risk for autosomal dominant Alzheimer's disease.
Development of tau-directed small molecule modulators for Alzheimer's disease: a recent patent review (2014-2018).
Reduced gray matter volume in normal adults with a maternal family history of Alzheimer disease.
In vivo oxidative stress in brain of Alzheimer disease transgenic mice: Requirement for methionine 35 in amyloid beta-peptide of APP.
Subcellular and metabolic examination of amyloid-beta peptides in Alzheimer disease pathogenesis: evidence for Abeta(25-35).
Towards an earlier diagnosis of Alzheimer disease (Proceedings of the 5th MCI Symposium, 2007).
Callosal circularity as an early marker for Alzheimer's disease.
Metabotropic glutamate receptors: the potential for therapeutic applications in Alzheimer's disease.
Role of interleukin 1-beta in the inflammatory response in a fatty acid amide hydrolase-knockout mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Association of GSK3B with Alzheimer disease and frontotemporal dementia.
Mitigating effect of chrysin loaded solid lipid nanoparticles against Amyloid β25-35 induced oxidative stress in rat hippocampal region: An efficient formulation approach for Alzheimer's disease.
Topographical Visualization of the Reciprocal Projection between the Medial Septum and the Hippocampus in the 5XFAD Mouse Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
Procyanidins and Alzheimer's Disease.
The impact of the availability of prevention studies on the desire to undergo predictive testing in persons at risk for autosomal dominant Alzheimer's disease.
Efficacy of increasing donepezil in mild to moderate Alzheimer's disease patients who show a diminished response to 5 mg donepezil: a preliminary study.
Safety and immunogenicity of the tau vaccine AADvac1 in patients with Alzheimer's disease: a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled, phase 1 trial.
Psychosocial risk factors and Alzheimer's disease: the associative effect of depression, sleep disturbance, and anxiety.
Estimating Alzheimer's Disease Progression Rates from Normal Cognition Through Mild Cognitive Impairment and Stages of Dementia.
New genes and new insights from old genes: update on Alzheimer disease.
A retrospective analysis of the Alzheimer's disease vaccine progress - The critical need for new development strategies.
Integrating Omic Technologies in Alzheimer's Disease.
Visual Evaluation of Medial Temporal Lobe Atrophy as a Clinical Marker of Conversion from Mild Cognitive Impairment to Dementia and for Predicting Progression in Patients with Mild Cognitive Impairment and Mild Alzheimer's Disease.
Clinical and cost implications of amyloid beta detection with amyloid beta positron emission tomography imaging in early Alzheimer's disease - the case of florbetapir.
Effects of physical activity and exercise on the cognitive function of patients with Alzheimer disease: a meta-analysis.
Fractional anisotropy derived from the diffusion tensor distribution function boosts power to detect Alzheimer's disease deficits.
Relation of Odor Identification with Alzheimer's Disease Markers in Cerebrospinal Fluid and Cognition.
Applying fluid biomarkers to Alzheimer's disease.
Modifications of tau protein after cerebral ischemia and reperfusion in rats are similar to those occurring in Alzheimer's disease - Hyperphosphorylation and cleavage of 4- and 3-repeat tau.
Homocysteine, antioxidant vitamins and lipids as biomarkers of neurodegeneration in Alzheimer's disease versus non-Alzheimer's dementia.
Estimates of age-related memory decline are inflated by unrecognized Alzheimer's disease.
[Association between exon polymorphisms of BACE2 gene with Alzheimer disease].
Slowing of information processing in Alzheimer disease:  motor as well as cognitive factors.
The relationship between semantic knowledge and conceptual apraxia in Alzheimer disease.
Methyl-CpG Binding Protein 2 in Alzheimer Dementia.
Small molecules as therapeutic drugs for Alzheimer's disease.
Diffusion MRI detects longitudinal white matter changes in the 3xTg-AD mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Effect of Lycoris chejuensis and Its Active Components on Experimental Models of Alzheimer's Disease.
The impact of dementia severity on caregiver burden in frontotemporal dementia and Alzheimer disease.
Rivastigmine Patch in Chinese Patients with Probable Alzheimer's disease: A 24-week, Randomized, Double-Blind Parallel-Group Study Comparing Rivastigmine Patch (9.5 mg/24 h) with Capsule (6 mg Twice Daily).
Early Life Epidemiology of Alzheimer's Disease--A Critical Review.
Music recognition in frontotemporal lobar degeneration and Alzheimer disease.
Diagnostic criteria for depression in Alzheimer disease: a study of symptom patterns using latent class analysis.
Molecular mechanisms linking diabetes mellitus and Alzheimer disease: beta-amyloid peptide, insulin signaling, and neuronal function.
Senolytic therapy alleviates Aβ-associated oligodendrocyte progenitor cell senescence and cognitive deficits in an Alzheimer's disease model.
The association of high sensitivity C-reactive protein and incident Alzheimer disease in patients 60 years and older: The HUNT study, Norway.
Effects of traumatic brain injury and posttraumatic stress disorder on Alzheimer's disease in veterans, using the Alzheimer's Disease Neuroimaging Initiative.
The association between "Brain-Age Score" (BAS) and traditional neuropsychological screening tools in Alzheimer's disease.
Upregulated function of mitochondria-associated ER membranes in Alzheimer disease.
Exploiting the Chalcone Scaffold to Develop Multifunctional Agents for Alzheimer's Disease.
Protective Effect of Caffeic Acid against Alzheimer's Disease Pathogenesis via Modulating Cerebral Insulin Signaling, β-Amyloid Accumulation, and Synaptic Plasticity in Hyperinsulinemic Rats.
Neuropsychiatric symptoms differently affect mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's disease patients: a retrospective observational study.
A Hierarchical Feature and Sample Selection Framework and Its Application for Alzheimer's Disease Diagnosis.
[Alzheimer's disease].
Impact of analgesics on executive function and memory in the Alzheimer's Disease Neuroimaging Initiative Database.
BACE1 Function and Inhibition: Implications of Intervention in the Amyloid Pathway of Alzheimer's Disease Pathology.
β-Amyloid and the Pathomechanisms of Alzheimer's Disease: A Comprehensive View.
Factors underlying cognitive decline in old age and Alzheimer's disease: the role of the hippocampus.
Rubidium and potassium levels are altered in Alzheimer's disease brain and blood but not in cerebrospinal fluid.
Acyl-coenzyme A:cholesterol acyltransferase 1 blockage enhances autophagy in the neurons of triple transgenic Alzheimer's disease mouse and reduces human P301L-tau content at the presymptomatic stage.
Brains with medial temporal lobe neurofibrillary tangles but no neuritic amyloid plaques are a diagnostic dilemma but may have pathogenetic aspects distinct from Alzheimer disease.
Bidirectional interactions between diabetes and Alzheimer's disease.
Looking into posterior cortical atrophy: providing insight into Alzheimer disease.
History of depression, depressive symptoms, and medial temporal lobe atrophy and the risk of Alzheimer disease.
Effect of ninjin'yoeito, a Kampo (traditional Japanese) medicine, on cognitive impairment and depression in patients with Alzheimer's disease: 2 years of observation.
Effect of active Aβ immunotherapy on neurons in human Alzheimer's disease.
A Unique Microglia Type Associated with Restricting Development of Alzheimer's Disease.
Peripheral and central administration of T3 improved the histological changes, memory and the dentate gyrus electrophysiological activity in an animal model of Alzheimer's disease.
Errors in Self-Reports of Health Services Use: Impact on Alzheimer Disease Clinical Trial Designs.
Age‑ and brain region‑associated alterations of cerebral blood flow in early Alzheimer's disease assessed in AβPPSWE/PS1ΔE9 transgenic mice using arterial spin labeling.
An intranasally delivered peptide drug ameliorates cognitive decline in Alzheimer transgenic mice.
Quantitative proteomics of acutely-isolated mouse microglia identifies novel immune Alzheimer's disease-related proteins.
AADvac1, an Active Immunotherapy for Alzheimer's Disease and Non Alzheimer Tauopathies: An Overview of Preclinical and Clinical Development.
Alterations in Glucose Metabolism in Alzheimer's Disease.
Magnetic Resonance Spectroscopy discriminates the response to microglial stimulation of wild type and Alzheimer's disease models.
Neuroprotective effects of bee venom phospholipase A2 in the 3xTg AD mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Identification of proteins that are differentially expressed in brains with Alzheimer's disease using iTRAQ labeling and tandem mass spectrometry.
Blood biomarkers for memory: toward early detection of risk for Alzheimer disease, pharmacogenomics, and repurposed drugs.
Neuropsychiatric symptoms and α-Synuclein profile of patients with Parkinson's disease dementia, dementia with Lewy bodies and Alzheimer's disease.
Antioxidant Properties of Crocus Sativus L. and Its Constituents and Relevance to Neurodegenerative Diseases; Focus on Alzheimer's and Parkinson's Disease.
Smell identification function and Alzheimer's disease: a selective review.
Relationship Between Obesity, Alzheimer's Disease, and Parkinson's Disease: an Astrocentric View.
To know or not to know: an update of the literature on the psychological and behavioral impact of genetic testing for Alzheimer disease risk.
Analysis of differential plaque depositions in the brains of Tg2576 and Tg-APPswe/PS1dE9 transgenic mouse models of Alzheimer disease.
Type I interferon response drives neuroinflammation and synapse loss in Alzheimer disease.
Multiple Mechanisms Linking Type 2 Diabetes and Alzheimer's Disease: Testosterone as a Modifier.
A Mitochondrial Biomarker-Based Study of S-Equol in Alzheimer's Disease Subjects: Results of a Single-Arm, Pilot Trial.
Financial and Health Literacy Predict Incident Alzheimer's Disease Dementia and Pathology.
Cerebrospinal Fluid Aβ42/40 Corresponds Better than Aβ42 to Amyloid PET in Alzheimer's Disease.
Markers of oxidative damage to lipids, nucleic acids and proteins and antioxidant enzymes activities in Alzheimer's disease brain: A meta-analysis in human pathological specimens.
Souvenaid®: a new approach to management of early Alzheimer's disease.
Obstructive Sleep Apnea is Associated With Early but Possibly Modifiable Alzheimer's Disease Biomarkers Changes.
Cerebrospinal fluid sTREM2 levels are associated with gray matter volume increases and reduced diffusivity in early Alzheimer's disease.
Relationship between long non-coding RNAs and Alzheimer's disease: a systematic review.
Long Noncoding RNA NEAT1 Aggravates Aβ-Induced Neuronal Damage by Targeting miR-107 in Alzheimer's Disease.
The Role of APOE and TREM2 in Alzheimer's Disease-Current Understanding and Perspectives.
Non-parametric Survival Analysis of EPG5 Gene with Age at Onset of Alzheimer's Disease.
Diabetes is associated with a slower rate of cognitive decline in Alzheimer disease.
In vivo target bio-imaging of Alzheimer's disease by fluorescent zinc oxide nanoclusters.
Neuroimaging Characteristics of Small-Vessel Disease in Older Adults with Normal Cognition, Mild Cognitive Impairment, and Alzheimer Disease.
DNA Modifications and Alzheimer's Disease.
Blood-Based Oligomeric and Other Protein Variant Biomarkers to Facilitate Pre-Symptomatic Diagnosis and Staging of Alzheimer's Disease.
Alzheimer's Disease: Characterization of the Brain Sites of the Initial Tau Cytoskeletal Pathology Will Improve the Success of Novel Immunological Anti-Tau Treatment Approaches.
The level of 24-Hydroxycholesteryl Esters is an Early Marker of Alzheimer's Disease.
The Correlation between Inflammatory Biomarkers and Polygenic Risk Score in Alzheimer's Disease.
Alzheimer's Disease Variants with the Genome-Wide Significance are Significantly Enriched in Immune Pathways and Active in Immune Cells.
Pseudoginsenoside-F11 alleviates cognitive deficits and Alzheimer's disease-type pathologies in SAMP8 mice.
MicroRNA-98 reduces amyloid β-protein production and improves oxidative stress and mitochondrial dysfunction through the Notch signaling pathway via HEY2 in Alzheimer's disease mice.
Apolipoprotein E and apolipoprotein E receptors: normal biology and roles in Alzheimer disease.
Bidirectional modulation of Alzheimer phenotype by alpha-synuclein in mice and primary neurons.
CSF prion protein concentration and cognition in patients with Alzheimer disease.
Strong Impact of Chronic Cerebral Hypoperfusion on Neurovascular Unit, Cerebrovascular Remodeling, and Neurovascular Trophic Coupling in Alzheimer's Disease Model Mouse.
Genetic Factors Affecting Late-Onset Alzheimer's Disease Susceptibility.
Bromelain Degrades Aβ1-42 Monomers and Soluble Aggregates: An In Vitro Study in Cerebrospinal Fluid of Alzheimer's Disease Patients.
Condition-specific gene co-expression network mining identifies key pathways and regulators in the brain tissue of Alzheimer's disease patients.
Expression of Aβ42, τ-Protein, p16, p53 in Buccal Epithelium: Prospects for Use in the Diagnostics of Alzheimer's Disease and Rate of Aging.
The shape of dementia: new measures of morphological complexity in event-related potentials (ERP) and its application to the detection of Alzheimer's disease.
Lentiviral vector-mediated overexpression of Klotho in the brain improves Alzheimer's disease-like pathology and cognitive deficits in mice.
Moderate Physical Activity is Associated with Cerebral Glucose Metabolism in Adults at Risk for Alzheimer's Disease.
Linearized and Kernelized Sparse Multitask Learning for Predicting Cognitive Outcomes in Alzheimer's Disease.
Chitinase expression in Alzheimer's disease and non-demented brains regions.
Ameliorating effect of luteolin on memory impairment in an Alzheimer's disease model.
Molecular mechanisms of neuropathological changes in Alzheimer's disease: a review.
A meta-analysis of prospective studies on the role of physical activity and the prevention of Alzheimer's disease in older adults.
Pharmacogenetic studies in Alzheimer disease.
Cancer linked to Alzheimer disease but not vascular dementia.
Dextromethorphan-Quinidine for Agitation in Alzheimer Disease--Reply.
Sleep and β-Amyloid Deposition in Alzheimer Disease: Insights on Mechanisms and Possible Innovative Treatments.
Metals in Alzheimer's and Parkinson's Disease: Relevance to Dementia with Lewy Bodies.
The interactions of p53 with tau and Aß as potential therapeutic targets for Alzheimer's disease.
Factors of Rapid Cognitive Decline in Late Onset Alzheimer's Disease.
A novel approach for multi-SNP GWAS and its application in Alzheimer's disease.
Cognitive evaluation for the diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease based on Turing Test and Virtual Environments.
End-of-life care for persons with advanced Alzheimer disease: design and baseline data from the ALFINE study.
Lipocalin 2 contributes to brain iron dysregulation but does not affect cognition, plaque load, and glial activation in the J20 Alzheimer mouse model.
YKL-40 (Chitinase 3-like I) is expressed in a subset of astrocytes in Alzheimer's disease and other tauopathies.
Ellagic acid ameliorates learning and memory deficits in a rat model of Alzheimer's disease: an exploration of underlying mechanisms.
Alterations in Cerebral Cortical Glucose and Glutamine Metabolism Precedes Amyloid Plaques in the APPswe/PSEN1dE9 Mouse Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
While I Still Remember: 30 Years of Alzheimer's Disease Research.
Cognitive resilience in clinical and preclinical Alzheimer's disease: the Association of Amyloid and Tau Burden on cognitive performance.
Identification of Novel Key Molecules Involved in Spatial Memory Impairment in Triple Transgenic Mice of Alzheimer's Disease.
Natural product-based multitargeted ligands for Alzheimer's disease treatment?
Postmortem MRI and histology demonstrate differential iron accumulation and cortical myelin organization in early- and late-onset Alzheimer's disease.
In vivo neuronal gene editing via CRISPR-Cas9 amphiphilic nanocomplexes alleviates deficits in mouse models of Alzheimer's disease.
Peripheral cytokines, C-X-C motif ligand10 and interleukin-13, are associated with Malaysian Alzheimer's disease.
[Effect of "Xiusanzhen"on expression of hippocampal Bcl-2 and Bax proteins in Alzheimer disease rats].
Joint High-Order Multi-Task Feature Learning to Predict the Progression of Alzheimer's Disease.
Potential for primary prevention of Alzheimer's disease: an analysis of population-based data.
Immune hyperreactivity of Aβ plaque-associated microglia in Alzheimer's disease.
The stability of neuropsychiatric subsyndromes in Alzheimer's disease.
Dietary Approaches and Supplements in the Prevention of Cognitive Decline and Alzheimer's Disease.
Beneficial effect of bilingualism on Alzheimer's disease CSF biomarkers and cognition.
[Alzheimer disease and endosomal traffic in neurons].
Influence of the familial Alzheimer's disease-associated T43I mutation on the transmembrane structure and γ-secretase processing of the C99 peptide.
Longitudinal Changes in Serum Glucose Levels are Associated with Metabolic Changes in Alzheimer's Disease Related Brain Regions.
Dissecting the role of non-coding RNAs in the accumulation of amyloid and tau neuropathologies in Alzheimer's disease.
Alzheimer's Disease Risk Factor Pyk2 Mediates Amyloid-β-Induced Synaptic Dysfunction and Loss.
Odor Identification Screening Improves Diagnostic Classification in Incipient Alzheimer's Disease.
GM6 Attenuates Alzheimer's Disease Pathology in APP Mice.
Immune blood biomarkers of Alzheimer disease patients.
Why cancer survivors have a lower risk of Alzheimer disease.
Normal tension glaucoma and Alzheimer disease: comorbidity?
[Validation of the Spanish version of the QoL-AD Scale in alzheimer disease patients, their carers, and health professionals].
Pharmacotherapeutic strategies for treating epilepsy in patients with Alzheimer's disease.
Current approaches to the pharmacological treatment of Alzheimer's disease.
Nanomedicine Strategies for Sustained, Controlled and Targeted Treatment of Alzheimer's Disease.
Soluble phospho-tau from Alzheimer's disease hippocampus drives microglial degeneration.
Protective roles of isoastilbin against Alzheimer's disease via Nrf2‑mediated antioxidation and anti‑apoptosis.
The modulatory role of phloretin in Aβ<sub>25-35</sub> induced sporadic Alzheimer's disease in rat model.
Can Better Management of Periodontal Disease Delay the Onset and Progression of Alzheimer's Disease?
Mouse Models of Alzheimer's Disease.
Locus coeruleus cellular and molecular pathology during the progression of Alzheimer's disease.
Diagnostic Accuracy of a Combined Analysis of Cerebrospinal Fluid t-PrP, t-tau, p-tau, and Aβ42 in the Differential Diagnosis of Creutzfeldt-Jakob Disease from Alzheimer's Disease with Emphasis on Atypical Disease Variants.
Effects of a DJ-1-Binding Compound on Spatial Learning and Memory Impairment in a Mouse Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
Association of Parkinson's Disease GWAS-Linked Loci with Alzheimer's Disease in Han Chinese.
Alzheimer disease: blood-based biomarkers in AD--a silver lining on the horizon.
Wavelet coherence model for diagnosis of Alzheimer disease.
Anti-cholinesterase hybrids as multi-target-directed ligands against Alzheimer's disease (1998-2018).
The Alzheimer's Disease Clinical Spectrum: Diagnosis and Management.
Survival time and differences between dementia with Lewy bodies and Alzheimer's disease following diagnosis: A meta-analysis of longitudinal studies.
Myostatin Is Associated With Cognitive Decline in an Animal Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
The Association Between Retinal Neuronal Layer and Brain Structure is Disrupted in Patients with Cognitive Impairment and Alzheimer's Disease.
Sleep deprivation accelerates the progression of alzheimer's disease by influencing Aβ-related metabolism.
Time-to-event data with time-varying biomarkers measured only at study entry, with applications to Alzheimer's disease.
Depletion of vitamin E increases amyloid beta accumulation by decreasing its clearances from brain and blood in a mouse model of Alzheimer disease.
Nonviral DNA vaccination augments microglial phagocytosis of beta-amyloid deposits as a major clearance pathway in an Alzheimer disease mouse model.
Treatment of vascular risk factors is associated with slower decline in Alzheimer disease.
New potential strategies for Alzheimer's disease prevention: pegylated biodegradable dexibuprofen nanospheres administration to APPswe/PS1dE9.
[Neuroinflammation as motor of Alzheimer's disease].
Impact of AP@LZ in the daily life of three persons with Alzheimer's disease: long-term use and further exploration of its effectiveness.
Changes in brain oxysterols at different stages of Alzheimer's disease: Their involvement in neuroinflammation.
Duration of new antidepressant use and factors associated with discontinuation among community-dwelling persons with Alzheimer's disease.
Arginine deprivation and immune suppression in a mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Missing Uniform Costs Classification for Alzheimer's Disease Treatment and Care.
Can Genetic Analysis of Putative Blood Alzheimer's Disease Biomarkers Lead to Identification of Susceptibility Loci?
Mitochondrial accumulation of APP and Abeta: significance for Alzheimer disease pathogenesis.
Patients with Increased Non-Ceruloplasmin Copper Appear a Distinct Sub-Group of Alzheimer's Disease: A Neuroimaging Study.
Wnt-induced activation of glucose metabolism mediates the in vivo neuroprotective roles of Wnt signaling in Alzheimer disease.
Can Animal Models Inform on the Relationship between Depression and Alzheimer Disease?
Recent Advances in the Inhibition of p38 MAPK as a Potential Strategy for the Treatment of Alzheimer's Disease.
DNA damage, DNA susceptibility to oxidation and glutathione redox status in patients with Alzheimer's disease treated with and without memantine.
Serum tumour necrosis factor-α and interleukin-6 levels in Alzheimer's disease and mild cognitive impairment.
Curcumin Treatment is Associated with Increased Expression of the N-Methyl-D-Aspartate Receptor (NMDAR) Subunit, NR2A, in a Rat PC12 Cell Line Model of Alzheimer's Disease Treated with the Acetyl Amyloid-β Peptide, Aβ(25-35).
GFP-Mutant Human Tau Transgenic Mice Develop Tauopathy Following CNS Injections of Alzheimer's Brain-Derived Pathological Tau or Synthetic Mutant Human Tau Fibrils.
Increased Plasma Beta-Secretase 1 May Predict Conversion to Alzheimer's Disease Dementia in Individuals With Mild Cognitive Impairment.
Lewy body pathology in Alzheimer's disease: A clinicopathological prospective study.
Automated atrophy assessment for Alzheimer's disease diagnosis from brain MRI images.
Detrimental effects of chia (Salvia hispanica L.) seeds on learning and memory in aluminum chloride‑induced experimental Alzheimer's disease.
The 2002 NIMH Provisional Diagnostic Criteria for Depression of Alzheimer's Disease (PDC-dAD): Gauging their Validity over a Decade Later.
Amyloid β oligomers in Alzheimer's disease pathogenesis, treatment, and diagnosis.
Altered topological organization of high-level visual networks in Alzheimer's disease and mild cognitive impairment patients.
Exploring the Pathogenesis of Alzheimer Disease in Basal Forebrain Cholinergic Neurons: Converging Insights From Alternative Hypotheses.
TMEM106B risk variant is implicated in the pathologic presentation of Alzheimer disease.
Immunotherapy for Alzheimer disease: the challenge of adverse effects.
In Vivo Characterization of ARN14140, a Memantine/Galantamine-Based Multi-Target Compound for Alzheimer's Disease.
Cell cycle proteins in brain in mild cognitive impairment: insights into progression to Alzheimer disease.
Differential relationships of reactive astrocytes and microglia to fibrillar amyloid deposits in Alzheimer disease.
[Validation of the Quality of Life in Alzheimer's Disease (QOL-AD) scale in Mexican patients with Alzheimer, vascular and mixed-type dementia].
24-month intervention with a specific multinutrient in people with prodromal Alzheimer's disease (LipiDiDiet): a randomised, double-blind, controlled trial.
Genomics: New Light on Alzheimer's Disease Research.
Inhibition of HDAC3 reverses Alzheimer's disease-related pathologies in vitro and in the 3xTg-AD mouse model.
Regulation of proapoptotic proteins Bak1 and p53 by miR-125b in an experimental model of Alzheimer's disease: Protective role of 17β-estradiol.
Genetic Variation in δ-Opioid Receptor Associates with Increased β- and γ-Secretase Activity in the Late Stages of Alzheimer's Disease.
The pertussis hypothesis: Bordetella pertussis colonization in the pathogenesis of Alzheimer's disease.
Alzheimer's disease is associated with altered expression of genes involved in immune response and mitochondrial processes in astrocytes.
Alterations of aqueous humor Aβ levels in Aβ-infused and transgenic mouse models of Alzheimer disease.
Microglial priming of antigen presentation and adaptive stimulation in Alzheimer's disease.
Genome-wide pathway analysis implicates intracellular transmembrane protein transport in Alzheimer disease.
MAOA-VNTR Genotype Effects on Ventral Striatum-Hippocampus Network in Alzheimer's Disease: Analysis Using Structural Covariance Network and Correlation with Neurobehavior Performance.
Modeling Alzheimer's Disease by Induced Pluripotent Stem Cells Carrying APP D678H Mutation.
Acceleration of NLRP3 inflammasome by chronic cerebral hypoperfusion in Alzheimer's disease model mouse.
Novel sarsasapogenin-triazolyl hybrids as potential anti-Alzheimer's agents: Design, synthesis and biological evaluation.
Alzheimer disease: possible prion-like transmission of AD-like pathology in humans.
Neurogranin Levels in Cerebrospinal Fluid: A New Addition to the Alzheimer Disease Diagnostic Toolbox.
Chronic Microdose Lithium Treatment Prevented Memory Loss and Neurohistopathological Changes in a Transgenic Mouse Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
Calcitonin gene-related peptide (CGRP): A novel target for Alzheimer's disease.
Comparison of cerebrospinal fluid levels of tau and Aβ 1-42 in Alzheimer disease and frontotemporal degeneration using 2 analytical platforms.
A novel recombinant 6Aβ15-THc-C chimeric vaccine (rCV02) mitigates Alzheimer's disease-like pathology, cognitive decline and synaptic loss in aged 3 × Tg-AD mice.
Alzheimer's disease: presence and role of microRNAs.
Effects of nutrient and bioactive food components on Alzheimer's disease and epigenetic.
Alzheimer disease: from biomarkers to diagnosis.
Antibody-Based Drugs and Approaches Against Amyloid-β Species for Alzheimer's Disease Immunotherapy.
The correlation between cerebral arterial pulsatility and cognitive dysfunction in Alzheimer's disease patients.
Mechanisms of Acupuncture Effect on Alzheimer's Disease in Animal- Based Researches.
Fish Consumption, Brain Mercury, and Neuropathology in Patients With Alzheimer Disease and Dementia.
Association between BDNF polymorphism (Val66Met) and executive function in patients with amnestic mild cognitive impairment or mild Alzheimer disease.
Delivery of BACE1 siRNA mediated by TARBP-BTP fusion protein reduces β-amyloid deposits in a transgenic mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Shared genetic architecture between metabolic traits and Alzheimer's disease: a large-scale genome-wide cross-trait analysis.
Dextromethorphan-Quinidine for Agitation in Alzheimer Disease.
In-hospital mortality due to pulmonary embolism in patients with Alzheimer disease: a sex effect?
Imbalance of Microglial TLR4/TREM2 in LPS-Treated APP/PS1 Transgenic Mice: A Potential Link Between Alzheimer's Disease and Systemic Inflammation.
A Conceptualization of the Utility of Subjective Cognitive Decline in Clinical Trials of Preclinical Alzheimer's Disease.
Worsening of memory deficit induced by energy-dense diet in a rat model of early-Alzheimer's disease is associated to neurotoxic Aβ species and independent of neuroinflammation.
Modulation of neuroinflammation and pathology in the 5XFAD mouse model of Alzheimer's disease using a biased and selective beta-1 adrenergic receptor partial agonist.
Prokineticin system modulation as a new target to counteract the amyloid beta toxicity induced by glutamatergic alterations in an in vitro model of Alzheimer's disease.
The critical need for defining preclinical biomarkers in Alzheimer's disease.
Identification of novel GDNF isoforms and cis-antisense GDNFOS gene and their regulation in human middle temporal gyrus of Alzheimer disease.
Alzheimer's disease neuropathology may not predict functional impairment in HIV: a report of two individuals.
Quantitative assessment of finger tapping characteristics in mild cognitive impairment, Alzheimer's disease, and Parkinson's disease.
Advances in developing novel therapeutic strategies for Alzheimer's disease.
[Alzheimer's disease cerebro-spinal fluid biomarkers: A clinical research tool sometimes useful in daily clinical practice of memory clinics for the diagnosis of complex cases].
Tocotrienol Affects Oxidative Stress, Cholesterol Homeostasis and the Amyloidogenic Pathway in Neuroblastoma Cells: Consequences for Alzheimer's Disease.
Beyond Acetylcholinesterase Inhibitors: Novel Cholinergic Treatments for Alzheimer's Disease.
Associations of thyroid hormone serum levels with in-vivo Alzheimer's disease pathologies.
Structural insight into GRIP1-PDZ6 in Alzheimer's disease: study from protein expression data to molecular dynamics simulations.
The brain-derived neurotrophic factor Val66Met polymorphism and prediction of neural risk for Alzheimer disease.
Linear Combinations of Multiple Outcome Measures to Improve the Power of Efficacy Analysis ---Application to Clinical Trials on Early Stage Alzheimer Disease.
A functional polymorphism in the HMGCR promoter affects transcriptional activity but not the risk for Alzheimer disease in Swedish populations.
Using Multifunctional Peptide Conjugated Au Nanorods for Monitoring β-amyloid Aggregation and Chemo-Photothermal Treatment of Alzheimer's Disease.
Sentence comprehension in Slovak-speaking patients with Alzheimer's disease.
Curcumin Ameliorates Neuroinflammation, Neurodegeneration, and Memory Deficits in p25 Transgenic Mouse Model that Bears Hallmarks of Alzheimer's Disease.
The genesis of closing-in in Alzheimer disease and vascular dementia: a comparative clinical and experimental study.
Biomarkers for Alzheimer disease in cerebrospinal fluid, urine, and blood.
Non-invasive assessment of Alzheimer's disease neurofibrillary pathology using 18F-THK5105 PET.
IL-1β, IL-6, TNF- α and CRP in Elderly Patients with Depression or Alzheimer's disease: Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Auditory post-processing in a passive listening task is deficient in Alzheimer's disease.
A semi-mechanism approach based on MRI and proteomics for prediction of conversion from mild cognitive impairment to Alzheimer's disease.
Retinal glial changes in Alzheimer's disease - A review.
An aberrant protein complex in CSF as a biomarker of Alzheimer disease.
Synaptic proteins in CSF as potential novel biomarkers for prognosis in prodromal Alzheimer's disease.
Relationship between Alzheimer's disease-associated SNPs within the CLU gene, local DNA methylation and episodic verbal memory in healthy and schizophrenia subjects.
Investigation of the neuroprotective effects of crocin via antioxidant activities in HT22 cells and in mice with Alzheimer's disease.
Lentivirus-expressed siRNA vectors against Alzheimer disease.
Effects of hormone therapy on depressive symptoms and cognitive functions in women with Alzheimer disease: a 12 month randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study of low-dose estradiol and norethisterone.
Alzheimer disease: advances in imaging of AD biomarkers could aid early diagnosis.
<i>In Vivo</i> Modeling of the Pathogenic Effect of Copper Transporter Mutations That Cause Menkes and Wilson Diseases, Motor Neuropathy, and Susceptibility to Alzheimer's Disease.
Increased number of microinfarcts in Alzheimer disease at 7-T MR imaging.
Cortical and subcortical atrophy in Alzheimer disease: parallel atrophy of thalamus and hippocampus.
Interpreting Biomarker Results in Individual Patients With Mild Cognitive Impairment in the Alzheimer's Biomarkers in Daily Practice (ABIDE) Project.
Neuropsychiatric symptoms and syndromes in a large cohort of newly diagnosed, untreated patients with Alzheimer disease.
Protective Roles of Monsonia angustifolia and Its Active Compounds in Experimental Models of Alzheimer's Disease.
The neuropathology of probable Alzheimer disease and mild cognitive impairment.
Thalamic cholinergic innervation is spared in Alzheimer disease compared to parkinsonian disorders.
[<sup>18</sup>F]GE-180 PET Detects Reduced Microglia Activation After LM11A-31 Therapy in a Mouse Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
Downregulation of miR-132/212 impairs S-nitrosylation balance and induces tau phosphorylation in Alzheimer's disease.
Drug Target Prioritization for Alzheimer's Disease Using Protein Interaction Network Analysis.
Tau-Targeted Multifunctional Nanocomposite for Combinational Therapy of Alzheimer's Disease.
Attenuation of neurobehavioral and neurochemical abnormalities in animal model of cognitive deficits of Alzheimer's disease by fermented soybean nanonutraceutical.
Cerebrovascular disease influences functional and structural network connectivity in patients with amnestic mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's disease.
Ethical issues in early diagnosis and prevention of Alzheimer disease.
Aggressive Behaviors in Alzheimer Disease and Mild Cognitive Impairment: Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Exercising New Neurons to Vanquish Alzheimer Disease.
Non-Ceruloplasmin Copper Distincts Subtypes in Alzheimer's Disease: a Genetic Study of ATP7B Frequency.
Toward a multifactorial model of Alzheimer disease.
A six-month longitudinal evaluation significantly improves accuracy of predicting incipient Alzheimer's disease in mild cognitive impairment.
Revealing post-transcriptional microRNA-mRNA regulations in Alzheimer's disease through ensemble graphs.
Cognitive intervention in Alzheimer disease.
[The correlation of functional connectivity and structural connectivity between hippocampus and thalamus in Alzheimer's disease and amnestic mild cognitive impairment].
Design, synthesis, in-silico and biological evaluation of novel chalcone-O-carbamate derivatives as multifunctional agents for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease.
GSK3: a key target for the development of novel treatments for type 2 diabetes mellitus and Alzheimer disease.
Magnetite/Ceria Nanoparticle Assemblies for Extracorporeal Cleansing of Amyloid-β in Alzheimer's Disease.
Comprehension of concrete and abstract words in semantic variant primary progressive aphasia and Alzheimer's disease: A behavioral and neuroimaging study.
TREM1: A Potential Therapeutic Target For Alzheimer's Disease.
Genetic effect of MTHFR C677T polymorphism on the structural covariance network and white-matter integrity in Alzheimer's disease.
Reduced acoustic startle response and peripheral hearing loss in the 5xFAD mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
A decay of the adaptive capacity of the unfolded protein response exacerbates Alzheimer's disease.
Insulin signalling in Alzheimer's disease and diabetes: from epidemiology to molecular links.
[Cognitive-behavioral specialized units in Alzheimer disease treatment: a necessity].
Sporadic Alzheimer disease fibroblasts display an oxidative stress phenotype.
Phenotypic characteristics of Alzheimer patients carrying an ABCA7 mutation.
Systematic Analysis and Biomarker Study for Alzheimer's Disease.
Assessment of the pharmacokinetic profile of novel s-triazine derivatives and their potential use in treatment of Alzheimer's disease.
A candidate regulatory variant at the TREM gene cluster associates with decreased Alzheimer's disease risk and increased TREML1 and TREM2 brain gene expression.
Tau in Alzheimer disease and related tauopathies.
Histopathology and Florbetaben PET in Patients Incorrectly Diagnosed with Alzheimer's Disease.
Conditional BDNF Delivery from Astrocytes Rescues Memory Deficits, Spine Density, and Synaptic Properties in the 5xFAD Mouse Model of Alzheimer Disease.
Natural Products based P-glycoprotein Activators for Improved β-amyloid Clearance in Alzheimer's Disease: An in silico Approach.
Neutral Sphingomyelinase-2 Deficiency Ameliorates Alzheimer's Disease Pathology and Improves Cognition in the 5XFAD Mouse.
Replenishment of microRNA-188-5p restores the synaptic and cognitive deficits in 5XFAD Mouse Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
Multiplex immunoassay measurement of amyloid-β<sub>42</sub> to amyloid-β<sub>40</sub> ratio in plasma discriminates between dementia due to Alzheimer's disease and dementia not due to Alzheimer's disease.
Clinical significance of visually equivocal amyloid PET findings from the Alzheimer's Disease Neuroimaging Initiative cohort.
Gender, apolipoprotein E genotype, and mesial temporal atrophy: 2-year follow-up in patients with stable mild cognitive impairment and with progression from mild cognitive impairment to Alzheimer's disease.
Glycoprotein NMB: a novel Alzheimer's disease associated marker expressed in a subset of activated microglia.
Tackling Alzheimer's disease: Hypothetical synergism between anti-inflammatory and anti-diabetic agents.
The DRD2 Taq1A A1 Allele May Magnify the Risk of Alzheimer's in Aging African-Americans.
Cost-effectiveness of the use of biomarkers in cerebrospinal fluid for Alzheimer's disease.
Mitochondrion-specific antioxidants as drug treatments for Alzheimer disease.
E3 ligase STUB1/CHIP regulates NAD(P)H:quinone oxidoreductase 1 (NQO1) accumulation in aged brain, a process impaired in certain Alzheimer disease patients.
N-cadherin regulates p38 MAPK signaling via association with JNK-associated leucine zipper protein: implications for neurodegeneration in Alzheimer disease.
Neuroprotective effects of a Rhodiola crenulata extract on amyloid-β peptides (Aβ<sub>1-42</sub>) -induced cognitive deficits in rat models of Alzheimer's disease.
Tackling neuroinflammation and cholinergic deficit in Alzheimer's disease: Multi-target inhibitors of cholinesterases, cyclooxygenase-2 and 15-lipoxygenase.
Genetic diagnosis and prognosis of Alzheimer's disease: challenges and opportunities.
Ion mobility spectrometry combined with multivariate statistical analysis: revealing the effects of a drug candidate for Alzheimer's disease on Aβ1-40 peptide early assembly.
AGE-RAGE stress: a changing landscape in pathology and treatment of Alzheimer's disease.
Atherosclerosis, dementia, and Alzheimer disease in the Baltimore Longitudinal Study of Aging cohort.
Discovering Biomarkers and Pathways Shared by Alzheimer's Disease and Ischemic Stroke to Identify Novel Therapeutic Targets.
Alzheimer's disease: risk factors and potentially protective measures.
Vascular endothelial growth factor improves the cognitive decline of Alzheimer's disease via concurrently inducing the expression of ADAM10 and reducing the expression of β-site APP cleaving enzyme 1 in Tg2576 mice.
The discovery of Alzheimer-causing mutations in the APP gene and the formulation of the "amyloid cascade hypothesis".
Estimated Glomerular Filtration Rate is not Associated with Alzheimer's Disease in a Northern Ireland Cohort.
Comorbidity Analysis between Alzheimer's Disease and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (T2DM) Based on Shared Pathways and the Role of T2DM Drugs.
Trehalose Improves Cognition in the Transgenic Tg2576 Mouse Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
Evolving Relevance of Neuroproteomics in Alzheimer's Disease.
Integration of Multilocus Genetic Risk into the Default Mode Network Longitudinal Trajectory during the Alzheimer's Disease Process.
Ethical Considerations for Deep Brain Stimulation Trials in Patients with Early-Onset Alzheimer's Disease.
Proteins that mediate protein aggregation and cytotoxicity distinguish Alzheimer's hippocampus from normal controls.
Palmitoylethanolamide protects against the amyloid-β25-35-induced learning and memory impairment in mice, an experimental model of Alzheimer disease.
Naming ability in patients with mild to moderate Alzheimer's disease: what changes occur with the evolution of the disease?
Measuring knowledge of Alzheimer's: development and psychometric testing of the UJA Alzheimer's Care Scale.
Genetic interaction is associated with lower metabolic connectivity and memory impairment in clinically mild Alzheimer's disease.
Alzheimer's disease-related peptide PS2V plays ancient, conserved roles in suppression of the unfolded protein response under hypoxia and stimulation of γ-secretase activity.
Association between altered systemic inflammatory interleukin-1beta and natural killer cell activity and subsequently agitation in patients with Alzheimer disease.
Widespread brain tau and its association with ageing, Braak stage and Alzheimer's dementia.
Glial activation and inflammation along the Alzheimer's disease continuum.
Amyloid burden identifies neuropsychological phenotypes at increased risk of progression to Alzheimer's disease in mild cognitive impairment patients.
[Effect of six class of Kaixin San formulas on pharmacological and preliminary mechanism of Alzheimer's disease mice].
Curcumin-loaded PLGA-PEG nanoparticles conjugated with B6 peptide for potential use in Alzheimer's disease.
Differential effects of diet- and genetically-induced brain insulin resistance on amyloid pathology in a mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Correlations Between Single Nucleotide Polymorphisms, Cognitive Dysfunction, and Postmortem Brain Pathology in Alzheimer's Disease Among Han Chinese.
Exosome-associated tau is secreted in tauopathy models and is selectively phosphorylated in cerebrospinal fluid in early Alzheimer disease.
Polysaccharides from Ganoderma lucidum Promote Cognitive Function and Neural Progenitor Proliferation in Mouse Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
Fluoxetine attenuates the impairment of spatial learning ability and prevents neuron loss in middle-aged APPswe/PSEN1dE9 double transgenic Alzheimer's disease mice.
Neuroprotective Effect of Nanodiamond in Alzheimer's Disease Rat Model: a Pivotal Role for Modulating NF-κB and STAT3 Signaling.
Neuroprotective Effect of TREM-2 in Aging and Alzheimer's Disease Model.
Targeting neuroinflammation in Alzheimer's disease: evidence for NSAIDs and novel therapeutics.
Hypothesis: apo-lactoferrin-Galantamine Proteo-alkaloid Conjugate for Alzheimer's disease Intervention.
Reflections: Neurology and The Humanities. Charades with Alzheimer disease.
Selenomethionine promoted hippocampal neurogenesis via the PI3K-Akt-GSK3β-Wnt pathway in a mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Deep brain stimulation of the nucleus basalis of Meynert attenuates early EEG components associated with defective sensory gating in patients with Alzheimer disease - a two-case study.
The Brain's Structural Connectome Mediates the Relationship between Regional Neuroimaging Biomarkers in Alzheimer's Disease.
A Novel Assessment and Profiling of Multidimensional Apathy in Alzheimer's Disease.
The antimicrobial protection hypothesis of Alzheimer's disease.
A mutation in APP protects against Alzheimer's disease and age-related cognitive decline.
Effectiveness of the prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on cognitive profiles in depression, schizophrenia, and Alzheimer's disease: A systematic review.
The biological foundation of the genetic association of TOMM40 with late-onset Alzheimer's disease.
Angiotensin-converting enzyme insertion/deletion polymorphism is associated with cerebral white matter changes in Alzheimer's disease.
Contributions of a high-fat diet to Alzheimer's disease-related decline: A longitudinal behavioural and structural neuroimaging study in mouse models.
Alzheimer's Disease and Neurotransmission Gene Variants: Focus on Their Effects on Psychiatric Comorbidities and Inflammatory Parameters.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) combined with cognitive training is a safe and effective modality for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease: clinical experience.
Comparison of neuroimaging modalities for the prediction of conversion from mild cognitive impairment to Alzheimer's dementia.
Age-dependent effects of dimethyl fumarate on cognitive and neuropathological features in the streptozotocin-induced rat model of Alzheimer's disease.
Analysis of Cerebrospinal Fluid and [11C]PIB PET Biomarkers for Alzheimer's Disease with Updated Protocols.
Interaction between variants in CLU and MS4A4E modulates Alzheimer's disease risk.
Dickkopf 3 (Dkk3) Improves Amyloid-β Pathology, Cognitive Dysfunction, and Cerebral Glucose Metabolism in a Transgenic Mouse Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
Role of common and rare APP DNA sequence variants in Alzheimer disease.
Brain imaging in Alzheimer disease.
MicroRNAs in Human Cerebrospinal Fluid as Biomarkers for Alzheimer's Disease.
[Alzheimer's disease and visual impairment].
Plasma amyloid beta-protein and C-reactive protein in relation to the rate of progression of Alzheimer disease.
TREMs in Alzheimer's disease: Genetic and clinical investigations.
Neprilysin Confers Genetic Susceptibility to Alzheimer's Disease in Han Chinese.
[New biomarkers for Alzheimer's disease in cerebrospinal fluid and blood].
[Increasing societal costs of Parkinson disease and Alzheimer disease. Aging population and medical progress yield more and more expensive care].
An evaluation of memantine ER + donepezil for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease.
Systems Delivery Innovation for Alzheimer Disease.
A Path Analysis of Dependence and Quality of Life in Alzheimer's Disease.
Associations between age-related macular degeneration, Alzheimer disease, and dementia: record linkage study of hospital admissions.
Resource utilisation, costs and clinical outcomes in non-institutionalised patients with Alzheimer's disease: 18-month UK results from the GERAS observational study.
Circular RNA and Alzheimer's Disease.
Change in Fitness and the Relation to Change in Cognition and Neuropsychiatric Symptoms After Aerobic Exercise in Patients with Mild Alzheimer's Disease.
Relationships between Cognition and Activities of Daily Living in Alzheimer's Disease During a 5-Year Follow-Up: ALSOVA Study.
A New Perspective in Utilizing MMP-9 as a Therapeutic Target for Alzheimer's Disease and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
The Progressive Acalculia Presentation of Parietal Variant Alzheimer's Disease.
A Long Journey into Aging, Brain Aging, and Alzheimer's Disease Following the Oxidative Stress Tracks.
Do Community and Caregiver Factors Influence Hospice Use at the End of Life Among Older Adults With Alzheimer Disease?
Astrocytic transporters in Alzheimer's disease.
Small molecule modulator of sigma 2 receptor is neuroprotective and reduces cognitive deficits and neuroinflammation in experimental models of Alzheimer's disease.
Symptomatic and nonamyloid/tau based pharmacologic treatment for Alzheimer disease.
Temporal course of depressive symptoms during the development of Alzheimer disease.
Anti-neuroinflammation effect of ginsenoside Rbl in a rat model of Alzheimer disease.
A randomized pilot clinical trial of the safety of pioglitazone in treatment of patients with Alzheimer disease.
Etiology of type 2 diabetes and Alzheimer's disease: Exploring the mitochondria.
Design, synthesis, evaluation and molecular modeling study of 4-N-phenylaminoquinolines for Alzheimer disease treatment.
Identification of Circulating miR-125b as a Potential Biomarker of Alzheimer's Disease in APP/PS1 Transgenic Mouse.
Prediction of Conversion to Alzheimer's Disease with Longitudinal Measures and Time-To-Event Data.
Risk Factors and Pathological Substrates Associated with Agitation/Aggression in Alzheimer's Disease: A Preliminary Study using NACC Data.
Early Evidence of Low Bone Density and Decreased Serotonergic Synthesis in the Dorsal Raphe of a Tauopathy Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
Cognitive-Enhancing Effects of a Polyphenols-Rich Extract from Fruits without Changes in Neuropathology in an Animal Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
Multimodal Brain Imaging Reveals Structural Differences in Alzheimer's Disease Polygenic Risk Carriers: A Study in Healthy Young Adults.
Clozapine Improves Memory Impairment and Reduces Aβ Level in the Tg-APPswe/PS1dE9 Mouse Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
Is Alzheimer disease a failure of mobilizing immune defense? Lessons from cognitively fit oldest-old.
Comparative analysis of methods of volume adjustment in hippocampal volumetry for the diagnosis of Alzheimer disease.
A multivariate predictive modeling approach reveals a novel CSF peptide signature for both Alzheimer's Disease state classification and for predicting future disease progression.
Cerebral small vessel disease in middle age and genetic predisposition to late-onset Alzheimer's disease.
Beyond Amyloid - Widening the View on Alzheimer's Disease.
Role of microtubule-associated protein tau phosphorylation in Alzheimer's disease.
Interactions of Mitochondria/Metabolism and Calcium Regulation in Alzheimer's Disease: A Calcinist Point of View.
Individual classification of Alzheimer's disease with diffusion magnetic resonance imaging.
Decreased functional connectivity between the dorsal anterior cingulate cortex and lingual gyrus in Alzheimer's disease patients with depression.
Cyclooxygenase-2 gene polymorphisms and risk of Alzheimer's disease: A meta-analysis.
Association of plasma clusterin concentration with severity, pathology, and progression in Alzheimer disease.
Tau-mediated Neurodegeneration and Potential Implications in Diagnosis and Treatment of Alzheimer's Disease.
MicroRNA Expression Levels Are Altered in the Cerebrospinal Fluid of Patients with Young-Onset Alzheimer's Disease.
Neuronal SphK1 acetylates COX2 and contributes to pathogenesis in a model of Alzheimer's Disease.
Assessing wandering risk among individuals with Alzheimer's disease and dementia: a pilot study.
Nonstroke cardiovascular disease and risk of Alzheimer disease and dementia.
Cerebrospinal fluid cortisol and clinical disease progression in MCI and dementia of Alzheimer's type.
Association of Alzheimer Disease Susceptibility Variants and Gene Expression in the Human Brain.
CSF biomarkers in relationship to cognitive profiles in Alzheimer disease.
Reduction of Blood Amyloid-β Oligomers in Alzheimer's Disease Transgenic Mice by c-Abl Kinase Inhibition.
MicroRNA-153 physiologically inhibits expression of amyloid-β precursor protein in cultured human fetal brain cells and is dysregulated in a subset of Alzheimer disease patients.
Effectiveness of a community-based multidomain cognitive intervention program in patients with Alzheimer's disease.
Impact of the Alzheimer's Disease Neuroimaging Initiative, 2004 to 2014.
Diagnostic performance of a fully automated chemiluminescent enzyme immunoassay for Alzheimer's disease diagnosis.
Evidence for the role of luteinizing hormone in Alzheimer disease.
A Phase 2 clinical trial of PF-05212377 (SAM-760) in subjects with mild to moderate Alzheimer's disease with existing neuropsychiatric symptoms on a stable daily dose of donepezil.
Aberrant functional connectivity differentiates retrosplenial cortex from posterior cingulate cortex in prodromal Alzheimer's disease.
Biomarker Exposure-Response Analysis in Mild-To-Moderate Alzheimer's Disease Trials of Bapineuzumab.
Under-reporting of cardiovascular events in the rofecoxib Alzheimer disease studies.
Association between selected cholesterol-related gene polymorphisms and Alzheimer's disease in a Turkish cohort.
A comparative study of caregiver burden in late-onset depression and Alzheimer's disease.
A variant in PPP4R3A protects against alzheimer-related metabolic decline.
Iron neurochemistry in Alzheimer's disease and Parkinson's disease: targets for therapeutics.
Role of mitochondrial-mediated signaling pathways in Alzheimer disease and hypoxia.
Neural stem cell transplantation enhances mitochondrial biogenesis in a transgenic mouse model of Alzheimer's disease-like pathology.
Are circulating microRNAs peripheral biomarkers for Alzheimer's disease?
Caspase-1 inhibition alleviates cognitive impairment and neuropathology in an Alzheimer's disease mouse model.
The <i>Crocus sativus</i> Compounds <i>trans</i>-Crocin 4 and <i>trans</i>-Crocetin Modulate the Amyloidogenic Pathway and Tau Misprocessing in Alzheimer Disease Neuronal Cell Culture Models.
Effect of a Comprehensive Intervention on Plasma BDNF in Patients with Alzheimer's Disease.
Association Between Interleukin-1A, Interleukin-1B, and Bridging integrator 1 Polymorphisms and Alzheimer's Disease: a standard and Cumulative Meta-analysis.
Ethical challenges in preclinical Alzheimer's disease observational studies and trials: Results of the Barcelona summit.
Vasoprotective Functions of High-Density Lipoproteins Relevant to Alzheimer's Disease Are Partially Conserved in Apolipoprotein B-Depleted Plasma.
Reduced plasma levels of P-selectin and L-selectin in a pilot study from Alzheimer disease: relationship with neuro-degeneration.
Converging perturbed microvasculature and microglial clusters characterize Alzheimer disease brain.
Cost-effectiveness analysis of the treatment of mild and moderate Alzheimer's disease in Brazil.
Study on Urine Metabolic Profile of Aβ25-35-Induced Alzheimer's Disease Using UHPLC-Q-TOF-MS.
Early disruption of parvalbumin expression and perineuronal nets in the hippocampus of the Tg2576 mouse model of Alzheimer's disease can be rescued by enriched environment.
Intracerebroventricular streptozotocin-induced Alzheimer's disease-like sleep disorders in rats: Role of the GABAergic system in the parabrachial complex.
Application of artificial neural network model in diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease.
Energy and the Alzheimer brain.
Early Preclinical Changes in Hippocampal CREB-Binding Protein Expression in a Mouse Model of Familial Alzheimer's Disease.
Predictions of Alzheimer's disease treatment and care costs in European countries.
Early alterations in hippocampal perisomatic GABAergic synapses and network oscillations in a mouse model of Alzheimer's disease amyloidosis.
Amyloid β and tau are involved in sleep disorder in Alzheimer's disease by orexin A and adenosine A(1) receptor.
Impaired chemoreflex correlates with decreased c-Fos in respiratory brainstem centers of the streptozotocin-induced Alzheimer's disease rat model.
The Rat Prefrontal-Cortex Transcriptome: Effects of Aging and Sporadic Alzheimer's Disease-Like Pathology.
MicroRNA-29a Is a Candidate Biomarker for Alzheimer's Disease in Cell-Free Cerebrospinal Fluid.
Parental history of Alzheimer disease associated with lower plasma apolipoprotein E levels.
Is ApoE epsilon4 associated with cognitive functioning in African Americans diagnosed with Alzheimer Disease? An exploratory study.
Effects of creatine supplementation on learning, memory retrieval, and apoptosis in an experimental animal model of Alzheimer disease.
Advances in diagnostic testing for Alzheimer disease.
Sitagliptin protects the cognition function of the Alzheimer's disease mice through activating glucagon-like peptide-1 and BDNF-TrkB signalings.
Assessing cognition and function in Alzheimer's disease clinical trials: do we have the right tools?
[Regression analysis of cerebral blood perfusion and cognitive function in patients with mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's disease].
Is function in instrumental activities of daily living a useful feature in predicting Alzheimer's disease dementia in subjective cognitive decline?
In Vivo MRI of Amyloid Plaques in a Cholesterol-Fed Rabbit Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
Recommendations of the Alzheimer's disease-related dementias conference.
Elevated CSF GAP-43 is Alzheimer's disease specific and associated with tau and amyloid pathology.
Cerebral Hypoperfusion and Hypometabolism Detected by Arterial Spin Labeling MRI and FDG-PET in Early-Onset Alzheimer's Disease.
Cerebral changes and disrupted gray matter cortical networks in asymptomatic older adults at risk for Alzheimer's disease.
Targeting the HDAC2/HNF-4A/miR-101b/AMPK Pathway Rescues Tauopathy and Dendritic Abnormalities in Alzheimer's Disease.
Alterations of myelin morphology and oligodendrocyte development in early stage of Alzheimer's disease mouse model.
Evaluation of a mobile team dedicated to behavioural disorders as recommended by the Alzheimer Cooperative Valuation in Europe joint action: observational cohort study.
Alzheimer's disease might depend on enabling pathogens which do not necessarily cross the blood-brain barrier.
Impact of Cytokines and Chemokines on Alzheimer's Disease Neuropathological Hallmarks.
Executive function predicts survival in Alzheimer disease: a study in Shanghai.
Conference Report: 8th Clinical Trials on Alzheimer Disease (CTAD), Barcelona, Spain November 5-7, 2015.
[<sup>18</sup>F]F-DPA for the detection of activated microglia in a mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Design, synthesis, and evaluation of multitarget-directed ligands against Alzheimer's disease based on the fusion of donepezil and curcumin.
Classifying early and late mild cognitive impairment stages of Alzheimer's disease by fusing default mode networks extracted with multiple seeds.
Excessive tau accumulation in the parieto-occipital cortex characterizes early-onset Alzheimer's disease.
Is Alzheimer's disease a Type 3 Diabetes? A critical appraisal.
Common neurodegenerative pathways in obesity, diabetes, and Alzheimer's disease.
Immunomodulation by memantine in therapy of Alzheimer's disease is mediated through inhibition of Kv1.3 channels and T cell responsiveness.
Distinct pattern of hypometabolism and atrophy in preclinical and predementia Alzheimer's disease.
[Value and acceptance of risk assessment for Alzheimer's disease].
High avidity HSV-1 antibodies correlate with absence of amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment conversion to Alzheimer's disease.
4D flow MRI for intracranial hemodynamics assessment in Alzheimer's disease.
Alzheimer's disease Advax(CpG)- adjuvanted MultiTEP-based dual and single vaccines induce high-titer antibodies against various forms of tau and Aβ pathological molecules.
Central obesity in the elderly is related to late-onset Alzheimer disease.
Apolipoprotein E polymorphism and behavioral and psychological symptoms of dementia in patients with Alzheimer disease.
Magnetic resonance imaging in Alzheimer's disease and mild cognitive impairment.
Amyloid β inhibits retinoic acid synthesis exacerbating Alzheimer disease pathology which can be attenuated by an retinoic acid receptor α agonist.
Precision medicine and drug development in Alzheimer's disease: the importance of sexual dimorphism and patient stratification.
Visual Explanations From Deep 3D Convolutional Neural Networks for Alzheimer's Disease Classification.
Cerebral β-Amyloid Angiopathy Is Associated with Earlier Dementia Onset in Alzheimer's Disease.
(R)-α-Lipoyl-Gly-l-Pro-l-Glu dimethyl ester as dual acting agent for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease.
Completed suicide in an autopsy-confirmed case of early onset Alzheimer's disease.
Association Between Smoking and Cholinergic Basal Forebrain Volume in Healthy Aging and Prodromal and Dementia Stages of Alzheimer's Disease.
Autophagocytosis of mitochondria is prominent in Alzheimer disease.
Vascular oxidative stress in Alzheimer disease.
Clusterin contributes to early stage of Alzheimer's disease pathogenesis.
Rationally Designed Peptides and Peptidomimetics as Inhibitors of Amyloid-β (Aβ) Aggregation: Potential Therapeutics of Alzheimer's Disease.
Intravenous transplantation of bone marrow-derived mononuclear cells prevents memory impairment in transgenic mouse models of Alzheimer's disease.
[Interventional effects of traditional Chinese medicine on Alzheimer disease].
No consistent evidence for association between mtDNA variants and Alzheimer disease.
Wnt signaling loss accelerates the appearance of neuropathological hallmarks of Alzheimer's disease in J20-APP transgenic and wild-type mice.
Participation in cognitively-stimulating activities is associated with brain structure and cognitive function in preclinical Alzheimer's disease.
The Efficacy and Pharmacological Mechanism of Zn<sub>7</sub>MT3 to Protect against Alzheimer's Disease.
Linagliptin, a Dipeptidyl Peptidase-4 Inhibitor, Mitigates Cognitive Deficits and Pathology in the 3xTg-AD Mouse Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
Influence of pneumonia complications on the prognosis of patients with autopsy-confirmed Alzheimer's disease, dementia with Lewy bodies, and vascular dementia.
Serotonergic Drugs: Agonists/Antagonists at Specific Serotonergic Subreceptors for the Treatment of Cognitive, Depressant and Psychotic Symptoms in Alzheimer's Disease.
Alzheimer disease: Lessons from immunotherapy for Alzheimer disease.
Markers of neuroinflammation associated with Alzheimer's disease pathology in older adults.
Astragaloside IV, a Natural PPARγ Agonist, Reduces Aβ Production in Alzheimer's Disease Through Inhibition of BACE1.
[Cholesterol, neuronal activity and Alzheimer disease].
Acupuncture modulates resting state hippocampal functional connectivity in Alzheimer disease.
Vulnerability and resilience to Alzheimer's disease: early life conditions modulate neuropathology and determine cognitive reserve.
Neuroinflammation, Gut Microbiome, and Alzheimer's Disease.
Exosomal biomarkers of brain insulin resistance associated with regional atrophy in Alzheimer's disease.
Bridging the gap between statistical and biological epistasis in Alzheimer's disease.
Development, validation and application of a new fornix template for studies of aging and preclinical Alzheimer's disease.
Potential Roles of Exosomal MicroRNAs as Diagnostic Biomarkers and Therapeutic Application in Alzheimer's Disease.
Neuroinflammation in Alzheimer's Disease: The Preventive and Therapeutic Potential of Polyphenolic Nutraceuticals.
Associations of Alzheimer's disease with macular degeneration.
[The clinical use of the IWG diagnostic criteria for Alzheimer's disease: A retrospective study in a memory clinic].
A Phase II Study of Fornix Deep Brain Stimulation in Mild Alzheimer's Disease.
White matter hyperintensity burden in elderly cohort studies: The Sunnybrook Dementia Study, Alzheimer's Disease Neuroimaging Initiative, and Three-City Study.
Cardiorespiratory fitness is associated with brain structure, cognition, and mood in a middle-aged cohort at risk for Alzheimer's disease.
Neurotrophin Receptor p75 mRNA Level in Peripheral Blood Cells of Patients with Alzheimer's Disease.
Potential biomarkers for distinguishing people with Alzheimer's disease from cognitively intact elderly based on the rich-club hierarchical structure of white matter networks.
Neural substrates of cognitive reserve in Alzheimer's disease spectrum and normal aging.
Small things matter: Implications of APP intracellular domain AICD nuclear signaling in the progression and pathogenesis of Alzheimer's disease.
Storm before the quiet: neuronal hyperactivity and Aβ in the presymptomatic stages of Alzheimer's disease.
An Alzheimer's Disease-Linked Loss-of-Function CLN5 Variant Impairs Cathepsin D Maturation, Consistent with a Retromer Trafficking Defect.
Performance of transgenic TgTau-P301L mice in a 5-choice serial reaction time task (5-CSRTT) as a model of Alzheimer's disease.
Extended kindred with recessive late-onset Alzheimer disease maps to locus 8p22-p21.2: a genome-wide linkage analysis.
Choline acetyltransferase 2384G>a polymorphism and the risk of Alzheimer disease.
Brain-related proteins as potential CSF biomarkers of Alzheimer's disease: A targeted mass spectrometry approach.
CSF tau and the CSF tau/ABeta ratio for the diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease dementia and other dementias in people with mild cognitive impairment (MCI).
Multimodal Discrimination of Alzheimer's Disease Based on Regional Cortical Atrophy and Hypometabolism.
Hippocampal place cell dysfunction and the effects of muscarinic M<sub>1</sub> receptor agonism in a rat model of Alzheimer's disease.
Frailty in Relation to the Risk of Alzheimer's Disease, Dementia, and Death in Older Chinese Adults: A Seven-Year Prospective Study.
Potential of GPCRs to modulate MAPK and mTOR pathways in Alzheimer's disease.
Mortality Risk after Diagnosis of Early-Onset Alzheimer's Disease versus Late-Onset Alzheimer's Disease: A Propensity Score Matching Analysis.
Odor identification and Alzheimer disease biomarkers in clinically normal elderly.
Amyloid precursor protein and endosomal-lysosomal dysfunction in Alzheimer's disease: inseparable partners in a multifactorial disease.
A Naturalistic Study of Driving Behavior in Older Adults and Preclinical Alzheimer Disease: A Pilot Study.
Serum ceramides increase the risk of Alzheimer disease: the Women's Health and Aging Study II.
Characteristics of aquaporin expression surrounding senile plaques and cerebral amyloid angiopathy in Alzheimer disease.
Cognitive and behavioural predictors of survival in Alzheimer disease: results from a sample of treated patients in a tertiary-referral memory clinic.
Contrasted perceptions of Alzheimer's disease in the media and in the cultural productions: changes from 2010 to 2018.
Cholinesterase inhibitors and add-on nutritional supplements in Alzheimer's disease: a systematic review of randomized controlled trials.
Diabetes Mellitus Induces Alzheimer's Disease Pathology: Histopathological Evidence from Animal Models.
Translational Assays for Assessment of Cognition in Rodent Models of Alzheimer's Disease and Dementia.
Blocking GSK3β-mediated dynamin1 phosphorylation enhances BDNF-dependent TrkB endocytosis and the protective effects of BDNF in neuronal and mouse models of Alzheimer's disease.
CaMKII-dependent dendrite ramification and spine generation promote spatial training-induced memory improvement in a rat model of sporadic Alzheimer's disease.
Protective effects of a natural product, curcumin, against amyloid β induced mitochondrial and synaptic toxicities in Alzheimer's disease.
Memory complaints in subjective cognitive impairment, amnestic mild cognitive impairment and mild Alzheimer's disease.
Plasma amyloid beta-42 independently predicts both late-onset depression and Alzheimer disease.
Spatial patterns of atrophy, hypometabolism, and amyloid deposition in Alzheimer's disease correspond to dissociable functional brain networks.
Using <i>Drosophila</i> Models of Amyloid Toxicity to Study Autophagy in the Pathogenesis of Alzheimer's Disease.
The novel histone de acetylase 6 inhibitor, MPT0G211, ameliorates tau phosphorylation and cognitive deficits in an Alzheimer's disease model.
The Novel DA-CH3 Dual Incretin Restores Endoplasmic Reticulum Stress and Autophagy Impairments to Attenuate Alzheimer-Like Pathology and Cognitive Decrements in the APPSWE/PS1ΔE9 Mouse Model.
Chronic Intermittent Hypoxia Induces Robust Astrogliosis in an Alzheimer's Disease-Relevant Mouse Model.
The impact of anorexigenic peptides in experimental models of Alzheimer's disease pathology.
Retinoid X Receptor Alpha Nitro-ligand Z-10 and Its Optimized Derivative Z-36 Reduce β-Amyloid Plaques in Alzheimer's Disease Mouse Model.
Impaired Wnt Signaling in the Prefrontal Cortex of Alzheimer's Disease.
α2-macroglobulin in Alzheimer's disease: new roles for an old chaperone.
Effectiveness of omega-3 fatty acid supplementation in patients with Alzheimer disease: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Alzheimer's disease in the zebrafish: where can we take it?
Assessment of ZnT3 and PSD95 protein levels in Lewy body dementias and Alzheimer's disease: association with cognitive impairment.
Alzheimer's disease susceptibility genes modify the risk of Parkinson disease and Parkinson's disease-associated cognitive impairment.
Curcumin-graphene quantum dots for dual mode sensing platform: Electrochemical and fluorescence detection of APOe4, responsible of Alzheimer's disease.
Divergent CSF τ alterations in two common tauopathies: Alzheimer's disease and progressive supranuclear palsy.
Sex differences in Alzheimer's disease.
Metabolomics in Alzheimer's disease: The need of complementary analytical platforms for the identification of biomarkers to unravel the underlying pathology.
Gray matter volumes and treatment response of psychotic symptoms to risperidone in antipsychotic-naïve Alzheimer's disease patients.
Parietal Involvement in the Semantic Variant of Primary Progressive Aphasia with Alzheimer's Disease Cerebrospinal Fluid Profile.
Crosstalk between Gut Microbiota and Central Nervous System: A Focus on Alzheimer's Disease.
Luteinizing hormone as a key player in the cognitive decline of Alzheimer's disease.
Apolipoprotein E4 domain interaction mediates detrimental effects on mitochondria and is a potential therapeutic target for Alzheimer disease.
17A, a novel non-coding RNA, regulates GABA B alternative splicing and signaling in response to inflammatory stimuli and in Alzheimer disease.
Ketogenic diet rescues cognition in ApoE4+ patient with mild Alzheimer's disease: A case study.
Effects of M2000 (D-Mannuronic Acid) on Learning, Memory Retrieval, and Associated Determinants in a Rat Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
The association of renin-angiotensin system blockade use with the risks of cognitive impairment of aging and Alzheimer's disease: A meta-analysis.
Correlation of Alzheimer disease neuropathologic changes with cognitive status:  a review of the literature.
Alzheimer: A Decade of Drug Design. Why Molecular Topology can be an Extra Edge?
Provoked and spontaneous confabulations in Alzheimer's disease: An examination of their prevalence and relation with general cognitive and executive functioning.
Elevated methylation of OPRM1 and OPRL1 genes in Alzheimer's disease.
The spectrum of preclinical Alzheimer's disease pathology and its modulation by ApoE genotype.
Neurofibrillary Tangle Stage and the Rate of Progression of Alzheimer Symptoms: Modeling Using an Autopsy Cohort and Application to Clinical Trial Design.
Rapidly Progressive Alzheimer's Disease: Contributions to Clinical-Pathological Definition and Diagnosis.
Effect of growth differentiation factor-15 secreted by human umbilical cord blood-derived mesenchymal stem cells on amyloid beta levels in in vitro and in vivo models of Alzheimer's disease.
Sex ratio in dementia with Lewy bodies balanced between Alzheimer's disease and Parkinson's disease dementia: a cross-sectional study.
White Matter Abnormalities Track Disease Progression in PSEN1 Autosomal Dominant Alzheimer's Disease.
Raman Spectroscopy to Diagnose Alzheimer's Disease and Dementia with Lewy Bodies in Blood.
Etanercept in Alzheimer disease: A randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind, phase 2 trial.
M344 promotes nonamyloidogenic amyloid precursor protein processing while normalizing Alzheimer's disease genes and improving memory.
Is it All Said for NSAIDs in Alzheimer's Disease? Role of Mitochondrial Calcium Uptake.
Identification and characterization of an aβ oligomer precipitating peptide that may be useful to explore gene therapeutic approaches to Alzheimer disease.
Identifying therapeutic targets for Alzheimer's disease with big data.
Sex-specific characterization and evaluation of the Alzheimer's disease genetic risk factor sorl1 in zebrafish during aging and in the adult brain following a 100 ppb embryonic lead exposure.
Metabolic Syndrome as a Risk Factor for Alzheimer's Disease: Is Aβ a Crucial Factor in Both Pathologies?
The effects of physical exercise on executive function in community-dwelling older adults living with Alzheimer's-type dementia: A systematic review.
Excess Synaptojanin 1 Contributes to Place Cell Dysfunction and Memory Deficits in the Aging Hippocampus in Three Types of Alzheimer's Disease.
Somatic APP gene recombination in Alzheimer's disease and normal neurons.
Molecular Pharmacology of Rosmarinic and Salvianolic Acids: Potential Seeds for Alzheimer's and Vascular Dementia Drugs.
Amyloid beta-induced nerve growth factor dysmetabolism in Alzheimer disease.
Comprehensive MicroRNAome Analysis of the Relationship Between Alzheimer Disease and Cancer in PSEN Double-Knockout Mice.
Can angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors impact cognitive decline in early stages of Alzheimer's disease? An overview of research evidence in the elderly patient population.
Can magnesium reduce central neurodegeneration in Alzheimer's disease? Basic evidences and research needs.
Early differentiation of dementia with Lewy bodies and Alzheimer's disease: Heart rate variability at mild cognitive impairment stage.
Vitamin D Improves Neurogenesis and Cognition in a Mouse Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
Connections Between Herpes Simplex Virus Type 1 and Alzheimer's Disease Pathogenesis.
Diagnosis of Mild Cognitive Impairment Due to Alzheimer's Disease with Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation.
Association between vascular comorbidity and progression of Alzheimer's disease: a two-year observational study in Norwegian memory clinics.
Innate immunity in Alzheimer's disease: the relevance of animal models?
Medication for Alzheimer's disease and associated fall hazard: a retrospective cohort study from the Alzheimer's Disease Neuroimaging Initiative.
Liraglutide can reverse memory impairment, synaptic loss and reduce plaque load in aged APP/PS1 mice, a model of Alzheimer's disease.
Fungal infection in patients with Alzheimer's disease.
Predictors of Mortality in the Oldest Old Patients with Newly Diagnosed Alzheimer Disease in a Residential Aged Care Facility.
Neuroprotective Effect of Zataria Multiflora Essential Oil on Rats With Alzheimer Disease: A Mechanistic Study.
Initial Heart Rate Reactivity to Socioemotional Pictures in Early-Onset Alzheimer's Disease.
Adult-Onset Epilepsy in Presymptomatic Alzheimer's Disease: A Retrospective Study.
PET Tau and Amyloid-β Burden in Mild Alzheimer's Disease: Divergent Relationship with Age, Cognition, and Cerebrospinal Fluid Biomarkers.
An Intracellular Amyloid-β/AβPP Epitope Correlates with Neurodegeneration in those Neuronal Populations Early Involved in Alzheimer's Disease.
Discovery and Confirmation of Diagnostic Serum Lipid Biomarkers for Alzheimer's Disease Using Direct Infusion Mass Spectrometry.
Rhamnolipids, Microbial Virulence Factors, in Alzheimer's Disease.
Apolipoprotein E4, Gender, Body Mass Index, Inflammation, Insulin Resistance, and Air Pollution Interactions: Recipe for Alzheimer's Disease Development in Mexico City Young Females.
Cognitive Efficiency in Alzheimer's Disease is Associated with Increased Occipital Connectivity.
Comparison of Efficacy of Preventive and Therapeutic Vaccines Targeting the N Terminus of β-Amyloid in an Animal Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
Mitochondrial Abnormalities and Synaptic Loss Underlie Memory Deficits Seen in Mouse Models of Obesity and Alzheimer's Disease.
SH2B1 is Involved in the Accumulation of Amyloid-β42 in Alzheimer's Disease.
An Intranasal Formulation of Erythropoietin (Neuro-EPO) Prevents Memory Deficits and Amyloid Toxicity in the APPSwe Transgenic Mouse Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
Occupational Attainment as Risk Factor for Progression from Mild Cognitive Impairment to Alzheimer's Disease: A CREDOS Study.
Alzheimer's Disease-Like Pathologies and Cognitive Impairments Induced by Formaldehyde in Non-Human Primates.
Genetic effect of interleukin-1 beta (C-511T) polymorphism on the structural covariance network and white matter integrity in Alzheimer's disease.
The 20-Year Voyage Aboard the Journal of Alzheimer's Disease: Docking at 'Type 3 Diabetes', Environmental/Exposure Factors, Pathogenic Mechanisms, and Potential Treatments.
Early-Onset Alzheimer Disease (EOAD) With Aphasia: A Case Report.
The pleiotropic effects of omega-3 docosahexaenoic acid on the hallmarks of Alzheimer's disease.
Astrocytes from old Alzheimer's disease mice are impaired in Aβ uptake and in neuroprotection.
Targets of caspase-6 activity in human neurons and Alzheimer disease.
Prefilament tau species as potential targets for immunotherapy for Alzheimer disease and related disorders.
Overall and domain-specific life satisfaction when living with familial Alzheimer's disease risk: A quantitative approach.
Peripheral immune system in aging and Alzheimer's disease.
S100A9-Driven Amyloid-Neuroinflammatory Cascade in Traumatic Brain Injury as a Precursor State for Alzheimer's Disease.
Long-term cognitive outcome of Alzheimer's disease and dementia with Lewy bodies: dual disease is worse.
Stimulation of the Hippocampal POMC/MC4R Circuit Alleviates Synaptic Plasticity Impairment in an Alzheimer's Disease Model.
[Mechanisms of Alzheimer's disease : Neuronal hyperactivity and hypoactivity as new therapeutic targets].
Evaluation of glymphatic system activity with the diffusion MR technique: diffusion tensor image analysis along the perivascular space (DTI-ALPS) in Alzheimer's disease cases.
A Shotgun Proteomics Approach Reveals a New Toxic Role for Alzheimer's Disease Aβ Peptide: Spliceosome Impairment.
Phospholipase D functional ablation has a protective effect in an Alzheimer's disease Caenorhabditis elegans model.
Distinct patterns of increased translocator protein in posterior cortical atrophy and amnestic Alzheimer's disease.
Effects on agitation with rivastigmine patch monotherapy and combination therapy with memantine in mild to moderate Alzheimer's disease: a multicenter 24-week prospective randomized open-label study (the Korean EXelon Patch and combination with mEmantine Comparative Trial study).
Functional variability in butyrylcholinesterase activity regulates intrathecal cytokine and astroglial biomarker profiles in patients with Alzheimer's disease.
The internal link of serum steroid hormones levels in insomnia, depression, and Alzheimer's disease rats: Is there an effective way to distinguish among these three diseases based on potential biomarkers?
Novel compound VB-037 inhibits Aβ aggregation and promotes neurite outgrowth through enhancement of HSP27 and reduction of P38 and JNK-mediated inflammation in cell models for Alzheimer's disease.
Are antibodies directed against amyloid-β (Aβ) oligomers the last call for the Aβ hypothesis of Alzheimer's disease?
Mitochondrial permeability transition pore contributes to mitochondrial dysfunction in fibroblasts of patients with sporadic Alzheimer's disease.
The antibody aducanumab reduces Aβ plaques in Alzheimer's disease.
Elevated DRD4 promoter methylation increases the risk of Alzheimer's disease in males.
STIM1 deficiency is linked to Alzheimer's disease and triggers cell death in SH-SY5Y cells by upregulation of L-type voltage-operated Ca<sup>2+</sup> entry.
The power of sample size through a multi-scanner approach in MR neuroimaging regression analysis: evidence from Alzheimer's disease with and without depression.
Association between sleep disturbance in Alzheimer's disease patients and burden on and health status of their caregivers.
Brain Selenium in Alzheimer's Disease (BRAIN SEAD Study): a Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Reduction of p75 neurotrophin receptor ameliorates the cognitive deficits in a model of Alzheimer's disease.
Cerebrospinal fluid α-synuclein contributes to the differential diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease.
Integrating network, sequence and functional features using machine learning approaches towards identification of novel Alzheimer genes.
A novel mechanism of synaptic and cognitive impairments mediated via microRNA-30b in Alzheimer's disease.
Systems biology and gene networks in Alzheimer's disease.
MicroRNA-128 knockout inhibits the development of Alzheimer's disease by targeting PPARγ in mouse models.
Alzheimer disease: High serum levels of the pesticide metabolite DDE--a potential environmental risk factor for Alzheimer disease.
Cytomegalovirus: an improbable cause of Alzheimer disease.
NPTX2 and cognitive dysfunction in Alzheimer's Disease.
Stem cell therapy in Alzheimer's disease: possible benefits and limiting drawbacks.
Trigonelline protects hippocampus against intracerebral Aβ(1-40) as a model of Alzheimer's disease in the rat: insights into underlying mechanisms.
Multifaceted Regulation of ALDH1A1 by Cdk5 in Alzheimer's Disease Pathogenesis.
Comparison of olfactory and gustatory disorders in Alzheimer's disease.
Exercise and probiotics attenuate the development of Alzheimer's disease in transgenic mice: Role of microbiome.
Evaluation of cerebrospinal fluid phosphorylated tau<sub>231</sub> as a biomarker in the differential diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease and vascular dementia.
Evolution of autobiographical memory impairments in Alzheimer's disease and frontotemporal dementia - A longitudinal neuroimaging study.
Contributions of patient and citizen researchers to 'Am I the right way up?' study of balance in posterior cortical atrophy and typical Alzheimer's disease.
Can Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease unravel the mysteries of Alzheimer?
Amyloid-β and islet amyloid pathologies link Alzheimer's disease and type 2 diabetes in a transgenic model.
Cross-cultural study of caregiver burden for Alzheimer's disease in Japan and Taiwan: result from Dementia Research in Kumamoto and Tainan (DeReKaT).
Head circumference, atrophy, and cognition: implications for brain reserve in Alzheimer disease.
Computational modeling and biomarker studies of pharmacological treatment of Alzheimer's disease (Review).
Plasma β-amyloid in Alzheimer's disease and vascular disease.
Oxidative stress and altered mitochondrial protein expression in the absence of amyloid-β and tau pathology in iPSC-derived neurons from sporadic Alzheimer's disease patients.
Identification of novel quantitative traits-associated susceptibility loci for APOE ε 4 non-carriers of Alzheimer's disease.
Report by the Spanish Foundation of the Brain on the social impact of Alzheimer disease and other types of dementia.
Mithramycin A Alleviates Cognitive Deficits and Reduces Neuropathology in a Transgenic Mouse Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
Genetically elevated gamma-glutamyltransferase and Alzheimer's disease.
Risk of head and traumatic brain injuries associated with antidepressant use among community-dwelling persons with Alzheimer's disease: a nationwide matched cohort study.
PRND 3'UTR polymorphism may be associated with behavioral disturbances in Alzheimer disease.
Combining serum and urine biomarkers in the early diagnosis of mild cognitive impairment that evolves into Alzheimer's disease in patients with the apolipoprotein E ϵ4 genotype.
An antioxidant specifically targeting mitochondria delays progression of Alzheimer's disease-like pathology.
High fat diet exacerbates Alzheimer's disease-related pathology in APPswe/PS1 mice.
Alzheimer's Disease Microbiome Is Associated with Dysregulation of the Anti-Inflammatory P-Glycoprotein Pathway.
ADAM10 in Alzheimer's disease: Pharmacological modulation by natural compounds and its role as a peripheral marker.
Silencing of Long Noncoding RNA SOX21-AS1 Relieves Neuronal Oxidative Stress Injury in Mice with Alzheimer's Disease by Upregulating FZD3/5 via the Wnt Signaling Pathway.
Pharmacological basis for application of scutellarin in Alzheimer's disease: Antioxidation and antiapoptosis.
Increased cortical capillary transit time heterogeneity in Alzheimer's disease: a DSC-MRI perfusion study.
Predicting progression to Alzheimer's disease in subjects with amnestic mild cognitive impairment using performance on recall and recognition tests.
Association of the Polymorphisms and Plasma Level of CHI3L1 with Alzheimer's Disease in the Chinese Han Population: A Case-Control Study.
Evaluation of dietary and lifestyle changes as modifiers of S100β levels in Alzheimer's disease.
Diagnostic impact of CSF biomarkers for Alzheimer's disease in a tertiary memory clinic.
Tau filaments from multiple cases of sporadic and inherited Alzheimer's disease adopt a common fold.
Evaluation of the protective effect of Myrtus communis in scopolamine-induced Alzheimer model through cholinergic receptors.
Increased expression of TrkB and Capzb2 accompanies preserved cognitive status in early Alzheimer disease pathology.
Is vitamin D beneficial to Alzheimer disease? A surprising dilemma.
A case report of daily left prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) as an adjunctive treatment for Alzheimer disease.
Relative neuron loss in hippocampal sclerosis of aging and Alzheimer's disease.
Herbal medicine Davaie Loban in mild to moderate Alzheimer's disease: A 12-week randomized double-blind placebo-controlled clinical trial.
A molecular network of the aging human brain provides insights into the pathology and cognitive decline of Alzheimer's disease.
Slower Dynamics and Aged Mitochondria in Sporadic Alzheimer's Disease.
Long-term effectiveness of rivastigmine patch or capsule for mild-to-severe Alzheimer's disease: a meta-analysis.
Estimation of the risk of conversion of mild cognitive impairment of Alzheimer type to Alzheimer's disease in a south Brazilian population-based elderly cohort: the PALA study.
Safety, tolerability and efficacy of the glutaminyl cyclase inhibitor PQ912 in Alzheimer's disease: results of a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled phase 2a study.
Biochemistry of amyloid β-protein and amyloid deposits in Alzheimer disease.
Heme oxygenase-1 posttranslational modifications in the brain of subjects with Alzheimer disease and mild cognitive impairment.
Generation of Alzheimer disease-associated amyloid β42/43 peptide by γ-secretase can be inhibited directly by modulation of membrane thickness.
The BET-Bromodomain Inhibitor JQ1 Reduces Inflammation and Tau Phosphorylation at Ser396 in the Brain of the 3xTg Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
TDP-43 pathology in Alzheimer's disease, dementia with Lewy bodies and ageing.
Neurovascular dysfunction and neurodegeneration in dementia and Alzheimer's disease.
An inherited variable poly-T repeat genotype in TOMM40 in Alzheimer disease.
Altered Gut Microbiota in a Mouse Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
Mitochondria in Excitatory and Inhibitory Synapses have Similar Susceptibility to Amyloid-β Peptides Modeling Alzheimer's Disease.
Ultra-Early Phase pathologies of Alzheimer's disease and other neurodegenerative diseases.
State of Play in Alzheimer's Disease Genetics.
Treadmill Exercise Exerts Neuroprotection and Regulates Microglial Polarization and Oxidative Stress in a Streptozotocin-Induced Rat Model of Sporadic Alzheimer's Disease.
Multifunctional Compound AD-35 Improves Cognitive Impairment and Attenuates the Production of TNF-α and IL-1β in an Aβ25-35-induced Rat Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
Sleep EEG Detects Epileptiform Activity in Alzheimer's Disease with High Sensitivity.
Early Prediction of Alzheimer's Disease Using Null Longitudinal Model-Based Classifiers.
Early pathogenic event of Alzheimer's disease documented in iPSCs from patients with PSEN1 mutations.
A Method for Diagnosing Alzheimer's Disease Based on Salivary Amyloid-β Protein 42 Levels.
Computer aided diagnosis system for Alzheimer disease using brain diffusion tensor imaging features selected by Pearson's correlation.
Association among amyloid plaque, lipid, and creatine in hippocampus of TgCRND8 mouse model for Alzheimer disease.
Fasudil hydrochloride ameliorates memory deficits in rat model of streptozotocin-induced Alzheimer's disease: Involvement of PI3-kinase, eNOS and NFκB.
Alzheimer's disease: Is this a brain specific diabetic condition?
Effect of Alpinia oxyphylla-Schisandra chinensis herb pair on inflammation and apoptosis in Alzheimer's disease mice model.
The development of a stochastic mathematical model of Alzheimer's disease to help improve the design of clinical trials of potential treatments.
Dendrimeric Poly(Epsilon-Lysine) Delivery Systems for the Enhanced Permeability of Flurbiprofen across the Blood-Brain Barrier in Alzheimer's Disease.
Neurophysiological signals as predictive translational biomarkers for Alzheimer's disease treatment: effects of donepezil on neuronal network oscillations in TgF344-AD rats.
Identification of Alzheimer's Disease and Mild Cognitive Impairment Using Networks Constructed Based on Multiple Morphological Brain Features.
(-)-P7C3-S243 Protects a Rat Model of Alzheimer's Disease From Neuropsychiatric Deficits and Neurodegeneration Without Altering Amyloid Deposition or Reactive Glia.
Fine-mapping the effects of Alzheimer's disease risk loci on brain morphology.
The effects of different familial Alzheimer's disease mutations on APP processing in vivo.
The unsolved relationship of brain aging and late-onset Alzheimer disease.
The Alzheimer disease market.
Alzheimer disease: NGF gene therapy activates neurons in the AD patient brain.
No association of TREM1 rs6910730 and TREM2 rs7759295 with Alzheimer disease.
Relationships Between Confabulations and Mental Time Travel in Alzheimer's Disease.
Study on Lentivirus-Mediated ABCA7 Improves Neurocognitive Function and Related Mechanisms in the C57BL/6 Mouse Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
An intronic VNTR affects splicing of ABCA7 and increases risk of Alzheimer's disease.
Validation of an Magnetic Resonance Imaging Acquisition and Review Protocol for Alzheimer's Disease and Related Disorders.
Novelty processing and memory impairment in Alzheimer's disease: A review.
Medical Insurance Coverage and Alzheimer Disease.
Stooped Position in Elderly Patients With Alzheimer Disease.
Evidence that iron accelerates Alzheimer's pathology: a CSF biomarker study.
Clinically Unsuspected Prion Disease Among Patients With Dementia Diagnoses in an Alzheimer's Disease Database.
Callosal thickness profiles for prognosticating conversion from mild cognitive impairment to Alzheimer's disease: A classification approach.
Laser ablation ICP-MS for simultaneous quantitative imaging of iron and ferroportin in hippocampus of human brain tissues with Alzheimer's disease.
Neurovascular unit impairment in early Alzheimer's disease measured with magnetic resonance imaging.
Small Molecule Natural Products and Alzheimer's Disease.
Alzheimer's disease and late-onset epilepsy of unknown origin: two faces of beta amyloid pathology.
Brain imaging and fluid biomarker analysis in young adults at genetic risk for autosomal dominant Alzheimer's disease in the presenilin 1 E280A kindred: a case-control study.
Cognitive-behavioral treatment for depressed patients with Alzheimer's disease. An open trial.
Alzheimer disease: homocysteine and alzheimer disease: an intervention study.
3-Aryl Coumarin Derivatives Bearing Aminoalkoxy Moiety as Multi-Target-Directed Ligands against Alzheimer's Disease.
Antiphospholipid autoantibodies as blood biomarkers for detection of early stage Alzheimer's disease.
The frequency and influence of dementia risk factors in prodromal Alzheimer's disease.
Attitudes toward clinical trials across the Alzheimer's disease spectrum.
An evidence-based algorithm for the utility of FDG-PET for diagnosing Alzheimer's disease according to presence of medial temporal lobe atrophy.
The effects of counseling spouse caregivers of people with Alzheimer disease taking donepezil and of country of residence on rates of admission to nursing homes and mortality.
Prazosin for the treatment of behavioral symptoms in patients with Alzheimer disease with agitation and aggression.
Comparison of the Effect of Exercise on Late-Phase LTP of the Dentate Gyrus and CA1 of Alzheimer's Disease Model.
Delayed help seeking behavior in dementia care: preliminary findings from the Clinical Pathway for Alzheimer's Disease in China (CPAD) study.
Prospective Associations between Single Foods, Alzheimer's Dementia and Memory Decline in the Elderly.
Oxidation of KCNB1 channels in the human brain and in mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Using induced pluripotent stem cells to explore genetic and epigenetic variation associated with Alzheimer's disease.
Towards understanding brain-gut-microbiome connections in Alzheimer's disease.
Novel tacrine-tryptophan hybrids: Multi-target directed ligands as potential treatment for Alzheimer's disease.
Off-track thoughts: Intentional and unintentional mind wandering in Alzheimer's disease.
Concordance Between Cerebrospinal Fluid Biomarkers with Alzheimer's Disease Pathology Between Three Independent Assay Platforms.
White matter hyperintensities and CSF Alzheimer disease biomarkers in preclinical Alzheimer disease.
A Mathematical Model for Amyloid-𝜷 Aggregation in the Presence of Metal Ions: A Timescale Analysis for the Progress of Alzheimer Disease.
Angiotensin-(1-7) administration attenuates Alzheimer's disease-like neuropathology in rats with streptozotocin-induced diabetes via Mas receptor activation.
Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase a novel hope on a blood-based diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease.
Polyhydroxycurcuminoids but not curcumin upregulate neprilysin and can be applied to the prevention of Alzheimer's disease.
Increased Levels of Extracellular Microvesicle Markers and Decreased Levels of Endocytic/Exocytic Proteins in the Alzheimer's Disease Brain.
Computer Modeling of Alzheimer's Disease-Simulations of Synaptic Plasticity and Memory in the CA3-CA1 Hippocampal Formation Microcircuit.
Thalamic pathology and memory loss in early Alzheimer's disease: moving the focus from the medial temporal lobe to Papez circuit.
Sertraline for the treatment of depression in Alzheimer disease: week-24 outcomes.
Data-driven modeling of mitochondrial dysfunction in Alzheimer's disease.
7.0 tesla high resolution MRI study on intracerebral migration of magnet-labeled neural stem cells in a mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
The Roles of Apolipoprotein E, Lipids, and Glucose in the Pathogenesis of Alzheimer's Disease.
Modulatory Effects of Fingolimod (FTY720) on the Expression of Sphingolipid Metabolism-Related Genes in an Animal Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
Longitudinal clinical score prediction in Alzheimer's disease with soft-split sparse regression based random forest.
Effect of Apolipoprotein E ɛ4 Carrier Status on Cognitive Response to Acetylcholinesterase Inhibitors in Patients with Alzheimer's Disease: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Role of Neuroinflammation in the Trajectory of Alzheimer's Disease and in vivo Quantification Using PET.
Call for a Uniform Strategy of Collecting Alzheimer's Disease Costs: A Review and Meta-Analysis.
Pathologically Confirmed Alzheimer's Disease in APOE ɛ2 Homozygotes is Rare but Does Occur.
Mass Spectrometry-Based Metabolomic Multiplatform for Alzheimer's Disease Research.
Targeting Alzheimer's Disease at the Right Time and the Right Place: Validation of a Personalized Approach to Diagnosis and Treatment.
Patient Characteristics and Outcomes Associated with Receiving an Earlier Versus Later Diagnosis of Probable Alzheimer's Disease.
Multivariate Approach for Alzheimer's Disease Detection Using Stationary Wavelet Entropy and Predator-Prey Particle Swarm Optimization.
DNA methylation of TOMM40-APOE-APOC2 in Alzheimer's disease.
Abnormal cortical lysosomal β-hexosaminidase and β-galactosidase activity at post-synaptic sites during Alzheimer's disease progression.
Protective effects of intranasal losartan in the APP/PS1 transgenic mouse model of Alzheimer disease.
Evidence for altered dendritic spine compartmentalization in Alzheimer's disease and functional effects in a mouse model.
Advances in Multi-Functional Ligands and the Need for Metal-Related Pharmacology for the Management of Alzheimer Disease.
Calcium signaling, excitability, and synaptic plasticity defects in a mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Improvement in behavioral and psychological symptoms of dementia by rivastigmine patch in a group of Italian elderly patients with Alzheimer's disease.
Polymorphisms Within RYR3 Gene Are Associated With Risk and Age at Onset of Hypertension, Diabetes, and Alzheimer's Disease.
[Development of a novel one-phrase screening test for early Alzheimer disease].
Alzheimer disease: chaperone protein clusterin is involved in amyloid-β-associated entorhinal atrophy in early AD.
Sleep characteristics and risk of dementia and Alzheimer's disease: The Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities Study.
BP180 Autoantibodies Target Different Epitopes in Multiple Sclerosis or Alzheimer's Disease than in Bullous Pemphigoid.
Prescription of Benzodiazepines and Related Drugs in Patients with Mild Cognitive Deficits and Alzheimer's Disease.
Vitamin E, memantine, and Alzheimer disease.
Is there a link between gynecologic surgeries and Alzheimer disease?
Effect of donepezil in Alzheimer disease can be measured by a computerized human analog of the Morris water maze.
Amyloid-β positron emission tomography in the diagnostic evaluation of alzheimer disease: summary of primary findings and conclusions.
Divergent processing of monetary and social reward in behavioral variant frontotemporal dementia and Alzheimer disease.
Factor V activator from Daboia russelli russelli venom destabilizes β-amyloid aggregate, the hallmark of Alzheimer disease.
White matter abnormalities and structural hippocampal disconnections in amnestic mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's disease.
Psychotropic drug effects on gene transcriptomics relevant to Alzheimer disease.
Pathogenic protein seeding in Alzheimer disease and other neurodegenerative disorders.
Cerebrospinal fluid biomarkers of neurovascular dysfunction in mild dementia and Alzheimer's disease.
Skinfold thickness for rivastigmine patch application in Alzheimer's disease.
Feasibility of β-sheet breaker peptide-H102 treatment for Alzheimer's disease based on β-amyloid hypothesis.
The intellectual disability gene PQBP1 rescues Alzheimer's disease pathology.
Sex Differences in Neuropathology and Cognitive Behavior in APP/PS1/tau Triple-Transgenic Mouse Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
Melatonin ameliorates anxiety and depression-like behaviors and modulates proteomic changes in triple transgenic mice of Alzheimer's disease.
Breakdown of the Cerebrovasculature and Blood-Brain Barrier: A Mechanistic Link Between Diabetes Mellitus and Alzheimer's Disease.
Dissecting Complex and Multifactorial Nature of Alzheimer's Disease Pathogenesis: a Clinical, Genomic, and Systems Biology Perspective.
Glucose metabolism during resting state reveals abnormal brain networks organization in the Alzheimer's disease and mild cognitive impairment.
The Synergistic Effects of APOE Genotype and Obesity on Alzheimer's Disease Risk.
Spatiotemporal activation of the C/EBPβ/δ-secretase axis regulates the pathogenesis of Alzheimer's disease.
Evaluation of Animal Models by Comparison with Human Late-Onset Alzheimer's Disease.
Genome-wide DNA methylation profiling in the superior temporal gyrus reveals epigenetic signatures associated with Alzheimer's disease.
Pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic evaluation of donepezil for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease.
Caspase-cleaved Tau-D(421) is colocalized with the immunophilin FKBP52 in the autophagy-endolysosomal system of Alzheimer's disease neurons.
Transgenic mouse models of Alzheimer disease: developing a better model as a tool for therapeutic interventions.
Contactin-2, a synaptic and axonal protein, is reduced in cerebrospinal fluid and brain tissue in Alzheimer's disease.
Telomere shortening and Alzheimer's disease.
p21-activated kinase-aberrant activation and translocation in Alzheimer disease pathogenesis.
Hearing and cognitive impairment: a functional evaluation of associative brain areas in patients affected by Alzheimer's disease.
Comment on "Shiatsu as an Adjuvant Therapy for Depression in Patients With Alzheimer's Disease: A Pilot Study".
Florbetapir PET analysis of amyloid-β deposition in the presenilin 1 E280A autosomal dominant Alzheimer's disease kindred: a cross-sectional study.
Two phase 3 trials of bapineuzumab in mild-to-moderate Alzheimer's disease.
Synthesis and evaluation of 2-(3-arylureido)pyridines and 2-(3-arylureido)pyrazines as potential modulators of Aβ-induced mitochondrial dysfunction in Alzheimer's disease.
Normal aging in rats and pathological aging in human Alzheimer's disease decrease FAAH activity: modulation by cannabinoid agonists.
[Alzheimer dementia: course and burden on caregivers : Data over 18 months from German participants of the GERAS study].
Synthesis of novel steroidal curcumin derivatives as anti-Alzheimer's disease candidates: Evidences-based on in vivo study.
An increased neutrophil-lymphocyte ratio in Alzheimer's disease is a function of age and is weakly correlated with neocortical amyloid accumulation.
Current advances of pharmacological properties of 7-chloro-4-(phenylselanyl) quinoline: Prevention of cognitive deficit and anxiety in Alzheimer's disease model.
The effect of APOE genotype on Alzheimer's disease risk is influenced by sex and docosahexaenoic acid status.
Talk the talk and walk the walk. Evaluation of autonomy in aging and Alzheimer disease by simulating instrumental activities of daily living: the S-IADL.
The Genesis of Graphic Perseverations in Alzheimer's Disease and Vascular Dementia.
Cholinesterase targeting by polyphenols: A therapeutic approach for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease.
Extracellular Vesicle Biology in Alzheimer's Disease and Related Tauopathy.
Disease progression in relation to age at onset in a population with Alzheimer's Dementia.
Discriminative Power of Arterial Spin Labeling Magnetic Resonance Imaging and 18F-Fluorodeoxyglucose Positron Emission Tomography Changes for Amyloid-β-Positive Subjects in the Alzheimer's Disease Continuum.
Curcumin ameliorates insulin signalling pathway in brain of Alzheimer's disease transgenic mice.
Traumatic Brain Injury Increases the Expression of Nos1, Aβ Clearance, and Epileptogenesis in APP/PS1 Mouse Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
Aporphines and Alzheimer's Disease: Towards a Medical Approach Facing the Future.
Reviewing reasons for the decreased CSF Abeta42 concentration in Alzheimer disease.
Establishment of an Alzheimer's disease model with latent herpesvirus infection using PS2 and Tg2576 double transgenic mice.
Alzheimer disease: Penalized regression can predict conversion to AD.
Nav1.1-Overexpressing Interneuron Transplants Restore Brain Rhythms and Cognition in a Mouse Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
The Impact of Alzheimer's Disease in an Aging Rural Population.
Inhibiting Aβ toxicity in Alzheimer's disease by a pyridine amine derivative.
Robust Identification of Alzheimer's Disease subtypes based on cortical atrophy patterns.
PGRN Is Associated with Late-Onset Alzheimer's Disease: a Case-Control Replication Study and Meta-analysis.
Brain Serotonergic and Noradrenergic Deficiencies in Behavioral Variant Frontotemporal Dementia Compared to Early-Onset Alzheimer's Disease.
Familial Alzheimer disease presenilin-1 mutations alter the active site conformation of γ-secretase.
Apolipoprotein E genotypes and plasma levels in mild cognitive impairment conversion to Alzheimer's disease: A follow-up study.
Temporal Order of Alzheimer's Disease-Related Cognitive Marker Changes in BLSA and WRAP Longitudinal Studies.
A Common Variant in the MC1R Gene (p.V92M) is associated with Alzheimer's Disease Risk.
Searching therapeutic agents for treatment of Alzheimer disease using the Monte Carlo method.
Alzheimer Disease: Approaches to Early Diagnosis and High-Accuracy Imaging.
An overview of the possible therapeutic role of SUMOylation in the treatment of Alzheimer's disease.
Agmatine ameliorates type 2 diabetes induced-Alzheimer's disease-like alterations in high-fat diet-fed mice via reactivation of blunted insulin signalling.
Polygenic hazard score, amyloid deposition and Alzheimer's neurodegeneration.
Risk of Alzheimer's Disease in Obstructive Sleep Apnea Syndrome: Amyloid-β and Tau Imaging.
Apolipoprotein E Gene Polymorphisms Affect the Efficacy of Thiazolidinediones for Alzheimer's Disease: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Sweet Mitochondria: A Shortcut to Alzheimer's Disease.
The Past and the Future of Alzheimer's Disease Fluid Biomarkers.
Costs and Resource Use Associated with Alzheimer's Disease in Italy: Results from an Observational Study.
Exercise-linked FNDC5/irisin rescues synaptic plasticity and memory defects in Alzheimer's models.
Targeting the β secretase BACE1 for Alzheimer's disease therapy.
Sleep and Alzheimer's disease.
Salidroside suppresses inflammation in a D-galactose-induced rat model of Alzheimer's disease via SIRT1/NF-κB pathway.
Alzheimer's disease prevention: from risk factors to early intervention.
Extravascular fibrinogen in the white matter of Alzheimer's disease and normal aged brains: implications for fibrinogen as a biomarker for Alzheimer's disease.
Five-year survival after Helicobacter pylori eradication in Alzheimer disease patients.
A Subset of Cerebrospinal Fluid Proteins from a Multi-Analyte Panel Associated with Brain Atrophy, Disease Classification and Prediction in Alzheimer's Disease.
Brain Amyloid-β Plays an Initiating Role in the Pathophysiological Process of the PS1V97L-Tg Mouse Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
DYRK1A inhibition as potential treatment for Alzheimer's disease.
Therapeutic impact of rHuEPO on abnormal platelet APP, BACE 1, presenilin 1, ADAM 10 and Aβ expressions in chronic kidney disease patients with cognitive dysfunction like Alzheimer's disease: A pilot study.
Mechanisms of Mitochondrial Dysfunction in Alzheimer's Disease.
The Neurobiology and Age-Related Prevalence of the ε4 Allele of Apolipoprotein E in Alzheimer's Disease Cohorts.
Longitudinal brain structural changes in preclinical Alzheimer's disease.
Decreased expression level of BER genes in Alzheimer's disease patients is not derivative of their DNA methylation status.
Efficacy of video-music therapy on quality of life improvement in a group of patients with Alzheimer's disease: a pre-post study.
Energy metabolism and inflammation in brain aging and Alzheimer's disease.
Multifunctional liposomes reduce brain β-amyloid burden and ameliorate memory impairment in Alzheimer's disease mouse models.
Donepezil May Reduce Insulin-Like Growth Factor-1 (IGF-1) Levels in Alzheimer's disease.
Link between the unfolded protein response and dysregulation of mitochondrial bioenergetics in Alzheimer's disease.
Quantifying placebo responses in clinical evaluation of neuropsychiatric symptoms in Alzheimer's disease.
Long-term medical costs of Alzheimer's disease: matched cohort analysis.
Alzheimer's disease pathology propagation by exosomes containing toxic amyloid-beta oligomers.
Beneficial effects of increased lysozyme levels in Alzheimer's disease modelled in Drosophila melanogaster.
Rationally Designed CeNP@MnMoS4 Core-Shell Nanoparticles for Modulating Multiple Facets of Alzheimer's Disease.
Alteration of the cerebral zinc pool in a mouse model of Alzheimer disease.
Elucidating the Aβ42 Anti-Aggregation Mechanism of Action of Tramiprosate in Alzheimer's Disease: Integrating Molecular Analytical Methods, Pharmacokinetic and Clinical Data.
An alternative transcript of the Alzheimer's disease risk gene SORL1 encodes a truncated receptor.
An in vitro paradigm to assess potential anti-Aβ antibodies for Alzheimer's disease.
Identification of a rare coding variant in TREM2 in a Chinese individual with Alzheimer's disease.
Adenosine Augmentation Evoked by an ENT1 Inhibitor Improves Memory Impairment and Neuronal Plasticity in the APP/PS1 Mouse Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
APOE ε4 moderates amyloid-related memory decline in preclinical Alzheimer's disease.
Effects of Integrated Yoga Intervention on Psychopathologies and Sleep Quality Among Professional Caregivers of Older Adults With Alzheimer's Disease: A Controlled Pilot Study.
Bioinformatics methods in drug repurposing for Alzheimer's disease.
Biaryl scaffold-focused virtual screening for anti-aggregatory and neuroprotective effects in Alzheimer's disease.
Rare TREM2 variants associated with Alzheimer's disease display reduced cell surface expression.
Identification of Electrophysiological Changes in Alzheimer's Disease: A Microarray Based Transcriptomics and Molecular Pathway Analysis Study.
Protective effect of 3H-1, 2-dithiole-3-thione on cellular model of Alzheimer's disease involves Nrf2/ARE signaling pathway.
Relationship between cardiac autonomic function and cognitive function in Alzheimer's disease.
Small vascular and Alzheimer disease-related pathologic determinants of dementia in the oldest-old.
Prevalence of hyperphagia in Alzheimer's disease: a meta-analysis.
Stepping out of the shadows of Alzheimer's disease: a phenomenological hermeneutic study of older people with Alzheimer's disease caring for a therapy dog.
Graph Theory and Brain Connectivity in Alzheimer's Disease.
Z-Phe-Ala-diazomethylketone (PADK) disrupts and remodels early oligomer states of the Alzheimer disease Aβ42 protein.
Metalloproteinases and their tissue inhibitors in Alzheimer's disease and other neurodegenerative disorders.
Beyond symptomatic effects: potential of donepezil as a neuroprotective agent and disease modifier in Alzheimer's disease.
Herpes Simplex Virus Type 1 and Other Pathogens are Key Causative Factors in Sporadic Alzheimer's Disease.
A GSTM3 polymorphism associated with an etiopathogenetic mechanism in Alzheimer disease.
A monoclonal antibody targeting amyloid β (Aβ) restores complement factor I bioactivity: Potential implications in age-related macular degeneration and Alzheimer's disease.
URMC-099 facilitates amyloid-β clearance in a murine model of Alzheimer's disease.
The SORL1 gene and convergent neural risk for Alzheimer's disease across the human lifespan.
Cerebral microbleeds and CSF Alzheimer biomarkers in primary progressive aphasias.
The Impact of a Long-Term Rivastigmine and Donepezil Treatment on All-Cause Mortality in Patients With Alzheimer's Disease.
Semantic memory activation in individuals at risk for developing Alzheimer disease.
Developing indicators of appropriate and inappropriate end-of-life care in people with Alzheimer's disease, cancer or chronic obstructive pulmonary disease for population-level administrative databases: A RAND/UCLA appropriateness study.
Insulin metabolism and the risk of Alzheimer disease: the Rotterdam Study.
Psychological resilience predicts depressive symptoms among spouses of persons with Alzheimer disease over time.
Delaying the onset of Alzheimer disease: bilingualism as a form of cognitive reserve.
Current Opinion on the Role of Neurogenesis in the Therapeutic Strategies for Alzheimer Disease, Parkinson Disease, and Ischemic Stroke; Considering Neuronal Voiding Function.
Alzheimer Disease: Crosstalk between the Canonical Wnt/Beta-Catenin Pathway and PPARs Alpha and Gamma.
Effect of genetic polymorphisms on Alzheimer's disease treatment outcomes: an update.
Novel salicylamide derivatives as potent multifunctional agents for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease: Design, synthesis and biological evaluation.
The Gut Microbiome Alterations and Inflammation-Driven Pathogenesis of Alzheimer's Disease-a Critical Review.
First-in-Rat Study of Human Alzheimer's Disease Tau Propagation.
The self in Alzheimer's Disease' A Case Study with Implications for Life Quality.
Possible prophylactic anti-excitotoxic and anti-oxidant effects of virgin coconut oil on aluminium chloride-induced Alzheimer's in rat models.
Prion protein stabilizes amyloid-β (Aβ) oligomers and enhances Aβ neurotoxicity in a <i>Drosophila</i> model of Alzheimer's disease.
Functional disability in Alzheimer disease: a validation study of the Brazilian version of the Disability Assessment for Dementia (DAD-Br).
Preparation of 4-Flexible Amino-2-Arylethenyl-Quinoline Derivatives as Multi-target Agents for the Treatment of Alzheimer's Disease.
Amyloid-beta Degradation and Neuroprotection of Dauricine Mediated by Unfolded Protein Response in a Caenorhabditis elegans Model of Alzheimer's disease.
Glia-specific APOE epigenetic changes in the Alzheimer's disease brain.
Multifaceted assessment of the APP/PS1 mouse model for Alzheimer's disease: Applying MRS, DTI, and ASL.
Neurocognitive Deficits Distinguishing Mild Dementia with Lewy Bodies from Mild Alzheimer's Disease are Associated with Parkinsonism.
Facilitating the use of implicit memory and learning in the physical therapy management of individuals with Alzheimer disease: a case series.
How Preserved is Emotion Recognition in Alzheimer Disease Compared With Behavioral Variant Frontotemporal Dementia?
Harnessing Genetic Complexity to Enhance Translatability of Alzheimer's Disease Mouse Models: A Path toward Precision Medicine.
Impact of subcortical hyperintensities on dual-tasking in Alzheimer disease and aging.
Individual Correspondence of Amyloid-β and Intrinsic Connectivity in the Posterior Default Mode Network Across Stages of Alzheimer's Disease.
Predictors of physician referral for patient recruitment to Alzheimer disease clinical trials.
Proton Pump Inhibitor Use and Risk of Developing Alzheimer's Disease or Vascular Dementia: A Case-Control Analysis.
An Alzheimer's Disease Genetic Risk Score Predicts Longitudinal Thinning of Hippocampal Complex Subregions in Healthy Older Adults.
A path analysis of patient dependence and caregiver burden in Alzheimer's disease.
Scavenger Receptor-A deficiency impairs immune response of microglia and astrocytes potentiating Alzheimer's disease pathophysiology.
White matter hyperintensities on MRI in dementia with Lewy bodies, Parkinson's disease with dementia, and Alzheimer's disease.
Cognition and anatomy of adult Niemann-Pick disease type C: Insights for the Alzheimer field.
Pharmacodynamics of atabecestat (JNJ-54861911), an oral BACE1 inhibitor in patients with early Alzheimer's disease: randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study.
Integration of bioinformatics and imaging informatics for identifying rare PSEN1 variants in Alzheimer's disease.
Psychosocial or clinico-demographic factors related to neuropsychiatric symptoms in patients with Alzheimer's disease needing interventional treatment: analysis of the CATIE-AD study.
Effective DNA epitope chimeric vaccines for Alzheimer's disease using a toxin-derived carrier protein as a molecular adjuvant.
Alzheimer's Disease prevalence, costs, and prevention for military personnel and veterans.
Mitochondria, cholesterol and amyloid beta peptide: a dangerous trio in Alzheimer disease.
Brain mitochondria as a primary target in the development of treatment strategies for Alzheimer disease.
Mineral status and superoxide dismutase enzyme activity in Alzheimer's disease.
Generation of a human induced pluripotent stem cell line (LL008 1.4) from a familial Alzheimer's disease patient carrying a double KM670/671NL (Swedish) mutation in APP gene.
Wayfinding in ageing and Alzheimer's disease within a virtual senior residence: study protocol.
CSF pro-orexin and amyloid-β38 expression in Alzheimer's disease and frontotemporal dementia.
Human iPSC application in Alzheimer's disease and Tau-related neurodegenerative diseases.
Cratoxylum formosum Extract Protects against Amyloid-Beta Toxicity in a Caenorhabditis elegans Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
Fibroblast aggregation rate converges with validated peripheral biomarkers for Alzheimer's disease.
Recent Developments on Multi-Target-Directed Tacrines for Alzheimer's Disease. I. The Pyranotacrines.
Self-reference effect and autonoetic consciousness in Alzheimer disease: evidence for a persistent affective self in dementia patients.
Spongiform change in dementia with Lewy bodies and Alzheimer disease.
Neuropsychiatric symptoms and Apolipoprotein E: Associations with eventual Alzheimer's disease development.
Clustering of transcriptional profiles identifies changes to insulin signaling as an early event in a mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Long-Term Safety and Efficacy of Bapineuzumab in Patients with Mild-to-Moderate Alzheimer's Disease: A Phase 2, Open-Label Extension Study.
Inhibiting tumor necrosis factor-α before amyloidosis prevents synaptic deficits in an Alzheimer's disease model.
Polysaccharides from Pleurotus ostreatus alleviate cognitive impairment in a rat model of Alzheimer's disease.
Pharmaceutical care for patients and their caregivers in Alzheimer's disease and related disorders: a review and new perspectives.
The influence of the individual neuropsychiatric symptoms of people with Alzheimer disease on family caregiver distress-A longitudinal ALSOVA study.
[Cataract surgery among 50 Alzheimer's patient (55 eyes)].
[Toward Preclinical Trials for Alzheimer's Disease].
Alpha-synuclein in the cerebrospinal fluid differentiates synucleinopathies (Parkinson Disease, dementia with Lewy bodies, multiple system atrophy) from Alzheimer disease.
Cerebrospinal fluid lactate levels and brain [18F]FDG PET hypometabolism within the default mode network in Alzheimer's disease.
Targeting microglia for the treatment of Alzheimer's Disease.
Longitudinal telomere shortening and early Alzheimer's disease progression in adults with down syndrome.
Would transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) enhance the effects of working memory training in older adults with mild neurocognitive disorder due to Alzheimer's disease: study protocol for a randomized controlled trial.
Elevation of brain magnesium prevents synaptic loss and reverses cognitive deficits in Alzheimer's disease mouse model.
Resveratrol and Grape Extract-loaded Solid Lipid Nanoparticles for the Treatment of Alzheimer's Disease.
Interaction between personality traits and cerebrospinal fluid biomarkers of Alzheimer's disease pathology modulates cognitive performance.
Genetics of Alzheimer's Disease: the Importance of Polygenic and Epistatic Components.
The role of TREM2 in Alzheimer's disease and other neurodegenerative disorders.
Famous faces and voices: Differential profiles in early right and left semantic dementia and in Alzheimer's disease.
Lifestyle Methods for Prevention of Alzheimer's Disease From the Perspective of Traditional Persian Medicine.
What's new in Alzheimer disease?
Genetic association of the cytochrome c oxidase-related genes with Alzheimer's disease in Han Chinese.
Dextromethorphan and Quinidine for Treating Agitation in Patients With Alzheimer Disease Dementia.
Mini-Mental State Examination for the Detection of Alzheimer Disease and Other Dementias in People With Mild Cognitive Impairment.
Reply: Alzheimer Disease: Approaches to Early Diagnosis and High-Accuracy Imaging.
Visual function and retinal nerve fibre layer degeneration in patients with Alzheimer disease: correlations with severity of dementia.
Common mechanisms involved in Alzheimer's disease and type 2 diabetes: a key role of chronic bacterial infection and inflammation.
Cognition, brain atrophy, and cerebrospinal fluid biomarkers changes from preclinical to dementia stage of Alzheimer's disease and the influence of apolipoprotein e.
Concurrent cell type-specific isolation and profiling of mouse brains in inflammation and Alzheimer's disease.
Physiological Aβ Concentrations Produce a More Biomimetic Representation of the Alzheimer's Disease Phenotype in iPSC Derived Human Neurons.
Genetic and Pharmacological Discovery for Alzheimer's Disease Using Caenorhabditis elegans.
Alzheimer's disease therapeutic candidate SAK3 is an enhancer of T-type calcium channels.
Hippocampal transcriptome profiling combined with protein-protein interaction analysis elucidates Alzheimer's disease pathways and genes.
Potential fluid biomarkers for pathological brain changes in Alzheimer's disease: Implication for the screening of cognitive frailty.
Discrepancies between fluid and crystallized ability in healthy adults: a behavioral marker of preclinical Alzheimer's disease.
Saccade abnormalities in autopsy-confirmed frontotemporal lobar degeneration and Alzheimer disease.
ApoE4: an emerging therapeutic target for Alzheimer's disease.
Discovery of 4'-OH-flurbiprofen Mannich base derivatives as potential Alzheimer's disease treatment with multiple inhibitory activities.
Plasma lipids metabolism in mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's disease.
Aberrant detergent-insoluble excitatory amino acid transporter 2 accumulates in Alzheimer disease.
Rates of cognitive change in Alzheimer disease: observations across a decade of placebo-controlled clinical trials with donepezil.
Developing Cognitive Markers of Alzheimer's Disease for Primary Care: Implications for Behavioral and Global Prevention.
Herpes and Alzheimer's Disease: Subversion in the Central Nervous System and How It Might Be Halted.
Stem Cell Therapy for Alzheimer's Disease: A Review of Recent Clinical Trials.
Enriched endogenous n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids alleviate cognitive and behavioral deficits in a mice model of Alzheimer's disease.
Downstream modulation of extrinsic apoptotic pathway in streptozotocin-induced Alzheimer's dementia in rats: Erythropoietin versus curcumin.
Microglia-Based Phenotypic Screening Identifies a Novel Inhibitor of Neuroinflammation Effective in Alzheimer's Disease Models.
Chronic ghrelin administration restores hippocampal long-term potentiation and ameliorates memory impairment in rat model of Alzheimer's disease.
Alzheimer's Disease Phenotype or Inflammatory Insult Does Not Alter Function of L-Type Amino Acid Transporter 1 in Mouse Blood-Brain Barrier and Primary Astrocytes.
Free and cued selective reminding test predicts progression to Alzheimer's disease in people with mild cognitive impairment.
miR-106b inhibits tau phosphorylation at Tyr18 by targeting Fyn in a model of Alzheimer's disease.
Diabetes, Alzheimer disease, and vascular dementia: a population-based neuropathologic study.
Effect of APOE genotype on amyloid plaque load and gray matter volume in Alzheimer disease.
Can Musical or Painting Interventions Improve Chronic Pain, Mood, Quality of Life, and Cognition in Patients with Mild Alzheimer's Disease? Evidence from a Randomized Controlled Trial.
Drebrin in Alzheimer's Disease.
Urine AD7c-NTP Predicts Amyloid Deposition and Symptom of Agitation in Patients with Alzheimer's Disease and Mild Cognitive Impairment.
Egocentric versus Allocentric Spatial Memory in Behavioral Variant Frontotemporal Dementia and Alzheimer's Disease.
Radiopharmaceuticals for Assessment of Altered Metabolism and Biometal Fluxes in Brain Aging and Alzheimer's Disease with Positron Emission Tomography.
Bryostatin Effects on Cognitive Function and PKCɛ in Alzheimer's Disease Phase IIa and Expanded Access Trials.
Tau Oligomers in Sera of Patients with Alzheimer's Disease and Aged Controls.
Remyelination: A Potential Therapeutic Strategy for Alzheimer's Disease?
The Role of ADAM10 in Alzheimer's Disease.
The Gut Microbiota and Alzheimer's Disease.
Does Functional Connectivity Provide a Marker for Cognitive Rehabilitation Effects in Alzheimer's Disease? An Interventional Study.
The Efficacy of Emotion Recognition Rehabilitation for People with Alzheimer's Disease.
Family History of Alzheimer's Disease is Associated with Impaired Perceptual Discrimination of Novel Objects.
Neural Correlates of Self-Reference Effect in Early Alzheimer's Disease.
Risk of Mortality Associated with Antipsychotic Monotherapy and Polypharmacy Among Community-Dwelling Persons with Alzheimer's Disease.
Association between Plasma Ceramides and Phosphatidylcholines and Hippocampal Brain Volume in Late Onset Alzheimer's Disease.
Glucose Transporters in Brain: In Health and in Alzheimer's Disease.
The serum metabolomics signature of type 2 diabetes is obscured in Alzheimer's disease.
Hypericin inhibits oligomeric amyloid β42-induced inflammation response in microglia and ameliorates cognitive deficits in an amyloid β injection mouse model of Alzheimer's disease by suppressing MKL1.
Deaths from Alzheimer's Disease - United States, 1999-2014.
Novel promising therapeutics against chronic neuroinflammation and neurodegeneration in Alzheimer's disease.
Cognitive reserve and Alzheimer's disease biomarkers are independent determinants of cognition.
Knowledge about Alzheimer's disease in the Brazilian population.
Altered Functional Network Affects Amyloid and Structural Covariance in Alzheimer's Disease.
Choroid plexus genes for CSF production and brain homeostasis are altered in Alzheimer's disease.
On the personal utility of Alzheimer's disease-related biomarker testing in the research context.
Reduced vascular risk factors in Parkinson's disease dementia and dementia with Lewy bodies compared to Alzheimer's disease.
Animal models of Alzheimer's disease embrace diversity.
Desipramine improves depression-like behavior and working memory by up-regulating p-CREB in Alzheimer's disease associated mice.
Early synaptic deficits in the APP/PS1 mouse model of Alzheimer's disease involve neuronal adenosine A2A receptors.
Meox2 haploinsufficiency increases neuronal cell loss in a mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Disease Progression-Dependent Effects of TREM2 Deficiency in a Mouse Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
[Alzheimer's disease and epilepsy].
Big data to smart data in Alzheimer's disease: Real-world examples of advanced modeling and simulation.
MicroRNA in Alzheimer's disease revisited: implications for major neuropathological mechanisms.
Frontotemporal dementia: implications for understanding Alzheimer disease.
aChE and BuChE inhibition by rivastigmin have no effect on peripheral insulin resistance in elderly patients with Alzheimer disease.
Discovery of novel dual acetylcholinesterase inhibitors with antifibrillogenic activity related to Alzheimer's disease.
Effects of HLA-DRB1/DQB1 Genetic Variants on Neuroimaging in Healthy, Mild Cognitive Impairment, and Alzheimer's Disease Cohorts.
Association of CSF CD40 levels and synaptic degeneration across the Alzheimer's disease spectrum.
Effects of online computerized cognitive training program Beynex on the cognitive tests of individuals with subjective cognitive impairment (SCI) and Alzheimer disease on rivastigmine therapy.
Diverging patterns of amyloid deposition and hypometabolism in clinical variants of probable Alzheimer's disease.
Convergent genetic and expression data implicate immunity in Alzheimer's disease.
The potential importance of myeloid-derived suppressor cells (MDSCs) in the pathogenesis of Alzheimer's disease.
Complement receptor 1 gene (CR1) intragenic duplication and risk of Alzheimer's disease.
Multiple category verbal fluency in mild cognitive impairment and correlation with CSF biomarkers for Alzheimer's disease.
Physical activity and Alzheimer disease course.
Selenium-enriched yeast inhibited β-amyloid production and modulated autophagy in a triple transgenic mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Natural Polyphenols in the Treatment of Alzheimer's Disease.
Amyloidogenesis induced by diet cholesterol and copper in a model mouse for Alzheimer's disease and protection effects of zinc and fluvastatin.
Clearance of Amyloid Beta and Tau in Alzheimer's Disease: from Mechanisms to Therapy.
CYP46A1 and the APOEε4 Allele Polymorphisms Correlate with the Risk of Alzheimer's Disease.
On the Pathogenesis of Alzheimer's Disease: The MAM Hypothesis.
Treatment of Alzheimer disease and prognosis of dementia: time to translate research to results.
Downregulated miR-29c correlates with increased BACE1 expression in sporadic Alzheimer's disease.
Vascular mTOR-dependent mechanisms linking the control of aging to Alzheimer's disease.
Prion-Like Propagation of Post-Translationally Modified Tau in Alzheimer's Disease: A Hypothesis.
Smart Home-Based Prediction of Multidomain Symptoms Related to Alzheimer's Disease.
A Phase IIa Randomized Control Trial of VEL015 (Sodium Selenate) in Mild-Moderate Alzheimer's Disease.
Young Blood Plasma Administration to Fight Alzheimer's Disease?
Caregiver burden in Parkinson disease with dementia compared to Alzheimer disease in Korea.
Animal Model of Aluminum-Induced Alzheimer's Disease.
Proteolytic cleavage of polymeric tau protein by caspase-3: implications for Alzheimer disease.
Plasma beta-amyloid as potential biomarker of Alzheimer disease: possibility of diagnostic tool for Alzheimer disease.
Association of brain amyloid-β with cerebral perfusion and structure in Alzheimer's disease and mild cognitive impairment.
Meta-analysis of 74,046 individuals identifies 11 new susceptibility loci for Alzheimer's disease.
Clinical utility and analytical challenges in measurement of cerebrospinal fluid amyloid-β(1-42) and τ proteins as Alzheimer disease biomarkers.
Mutant APP and amyloid beta-induced defective autophagy, mitophagy, mitochondrial structural and functional changes and synaptic damage in hippocampal neurons from Alzheimer's disease.
Functional connectivity and graph theory in preclinical Alzheimer's disease.
GJA1 (connexin43) is a key regulator of Alzheimer's disease pathogenesis.
Shedding Light on the Molecular Pathology of Amyloid Plaques in Transgenic Alzheimer's Disease Mice Using Multimodal MALDI Imaging Mass Spectrometry.
Erythropoietin and epidemiology of Alzheimer disease.
Combined Plasma and Cerebrospinal Fluid Signature for the Prediction of Midterm Progression From Mild Cognitive Impairment to Alzheimer Disease.
Fish oil feeding attenuates neuroinflammatory gene expression without concomitant changes in brain eicosanoids and docosanoids in a mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Blood Inflammatory Mediators and Cognitive Decline in Alzheimer's Disease: A Two Years Longitudinal Study.
Nanoscale synchrotron X-ray speciation of iron and calcium compounds in amyloid plaque cores from Alzheimer's disease subjects.
Effects of genetic variation on the dynamics of neurodegeneration in Alzheimer's disease.
An assessesment of telephone assistance systems for caregivers of patients with Alzheimer's disease.
[Early prognosis of Alzheimer's disease based on convolutional neural networks and ensemble learning].
Alzheimer's disease: Unique markers for diagnosis & new treatment modalities.
Treadmill exercise improves short-term memory by enhancing neurogenesis in amyloid beta-induced Alzheimer disease rats.
Combined treatment of amyloid-β₁₋₄₂-stimulated bone marrow-derived dendritic cells plus splenocytes from young mice prevents the development of Alzheimer's disease in APPswe/PSENldE9 mice.
Effects of microRNA-10a on synapse remodeling in hippocampal neurons and neuronal cell proliferation and apoptosis through the BDNF-TrkB signaling pathway in a rat model of Alzheimer's disease.
Transcriptional Analysis of Blood Lymphocytes and Skin Fibroblasts, Keratinocytes, and Endothelial Cells as a Potential Biomarker for Alzheimer's Disease.
Neurovascular and Cognitive failure in Alzheimer's Disease: Benefits of Cardiovascular Therapy.
Multimodal and Multiscale Deep Neural Networks for the Early Diagnosis of Alzheimer's Disease using structural MR and FDG-PET images.
Genetic influence of plasma homocysteine on Alzheimer's disease.
Oxidative Stress, Mitochondrial Abnormalities and Proteins Deposition: Multitarget Approaches in Alzheimer's Disease.
Real-space path integration is impaired in Alzheimer's disease and mild cognitive impairment.
Neurofilament-labeled pyramidal neurons and astrocytes are deficient in DNA methylation marks in Alzheimer's disease.
Positive modulators of the α7 nicotinic receptor against neuroinflammation and cognitive impairment in Alzheimer's disease.
Pathologic and nicotinic receptor binding differences between mild cognitive impairment, Alzheimer disease, and normal aging.
Ceria-containing uncoated and coated hydroxyapatite-based galantamine nanocomposites for formidable treatment of Alzheimer's disease in ovariectomized albino-rat model.
Cerebral atherosclerosis is associated with cystic infarcts and microinfarcts but not Alzheimer pathologic changes.
Neuroepigenetics and Alzheimer's Disease: An Update.
The Progression of Neuropsychiatric Symptoms in Alzheimer's Disease During a Five-Year Follow-Up: Kuopio ALSOVA Study.
Diverse Brain Myeloid Expression Profiles Reveal Distinct Microglial Activation States and Aspects of Alzheimer's Disease Not Evident in Mouse Models.
Alzheimer's Disease Progression: Factors Influencing Cognitive Decline.
Preclinical sporadic Alzheimer's disease: target for personalized diagnosis and preventive intervention.
Curcumin Decreases Hyperphosphorylation of Tau by Down-Regulating Caveolin-1/GSK-3β in N2a/APP695swe Cells and APP/PS1 Double Transgenic Alzheimer's Disease Mice.
Plasma Proteomic Profiles of Cerebrospinal Fluid-Defined Alzheimer's Disease Pathology in Older Adults.
Cortical Metabolic and Cognitive Correlates of Disorientation in Alzheimer's Disease.
Decreased Glucose Metabolism in Medial Prefrontal Areas is Associated with Nutritional Status in Patients with Prodromal and Early Alzheimer's Disease.
Low Cognitive Awareness, but Not Complaint, is a Good Marker of Preclinical Alzheimer's Disease.
Living Alone with Alzheimer's Disease: Data from SveDem, the Swedish Dementia Registry.
Alzheimer's Disease in the Latino Community: Intersection of Genetics and Social Determinants of Health.
Alzheimer's Disease-Associated Cerebrospinal Fluid (CSF) Biomarkers do not Correlate with CSF Volumes or CSF Production Rate.
Efficacy of Antidepressants for Depression in Alzheimer's Disease: Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Higher Peripheral TREM2 mRNA Levels Relate to Cognitive Deficits and Hippocampal Atrophy in Alzheimer's Disease and Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment.
Dissociating Normal Aging from Alzheimer's Disease: A View from Cognitive Neuroscience.
Mitochondria in Alzheimer's Disease and Diabetes-Associated Neurodegeneration: License to Heal!
Selenium Levels in Serum, Red Blood Cells, and Cerebrospinal Fluid of Alzheimer's Disease Patients: A Report from the Australian Imaging, Biomarker & Lifestyle Flagship Study of Ageing (AIBL).
A 3-Month Aerobic Training Program Improves Brain Energy Metabolism in Mild Alzheimer's Disease: Preliminary Results from a Neuroimaging Study.
The Association Between Plasma Ceramides and Sphingomyelins and Risk of Alzheimer's Disease Differs by Sex and APOE in the Baltimore Longitudinal Study of Aging.
Transcriptional and epigenetic phenomena in peripheral blood cells of monozygotic twins discordant for alzheimer's disease, a case report.
Tau Platelets Correlate with Regional Brain Atrophy in Patients with Alzheimer's Disease.
Insula and Inferior Frontal Gyrus' Activities Protect Memory Performance Against Alzheimer's Disease Pathology in Old Age.
Rich club disturbances of the human connectome from subjective cognitive decline to Alzheimer's disease.
Probing the exome in Alzheimer disease and other neurodegenerative disorders.
Parietal white matter lesions in Alzheimer's disease are associated with cortical neurodegenerative pathology, but not with small vessel disease.
Measurement of Blood Thiamine Metabolites for Alzheimer's Disease Diagnosis.
An Alzheimer's-disease-protective APOE mutation.
Association between DCHS2 gene and mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's disease in an elderly Brazilian sample.
Neuropathology of nondemented aging: presumptive evidence for preclinical Alzheimer disease.
Immunotherapy for Alzheimer disease.
Knowledge-driven binning approach for rare variant association analysis: application to neuroimaging biomarkers in Alzheimer's disease.
The Alzheimer's Disease Neuroimaging Initiative 2 Biomarker Core: A review of progress and plans.
Mitochondrial Molecular Abnormalities Revealed by Proteomic Analysis of Hippocampal Organelles of Mice Triple Transgenic for Alzheimer Disease.
Using positron emission tomography and florbetapir F18 to image cortical amyloid in patients with mild cognitive impairment or dementia due to Alzheimer disease.
Dietary Modulation of Oxidative Stress in Alzheimer's Disease.
Target Enzyme in Alzheimer's Disease: Acetylcholinesterase Inhibitors.
In Silico Identification of Novel Apolipoprotein E4 Inhibitor for Alzheimer's Disease Therapy.
Re: Long-Term Efficacy and Toxicity of Cholinesterase Inhibitors in the Treatment of Alzheimer Disease.
Comment on Vandal et al. Insulin Reverses the High-Fat Diet-Induced Increase in Brain Aβ and Improves Memory in an Animal Model of Alzheimer Disease. Diabetes 2014;63:4291-4301.
Network-based approach to identify molecular signatures and therapeutic agents in Alzheimer's disease.
Are Tanycytes the Missing Link Between Type 2 Diabetes and Alzheimer's Disease?
Effects of a multicomponent exercise program in institutionalized elders with Alzheimer's disease.
Anti-β-sheet conformation monoclonal antibody reduces tau and Aβ oligomer pathology in an Alzheimer's disease model.
Elevation of the Plasma Aβ40/Aβ42 Ratio as a Diagnostic Marker of Sporadic Early-Onset Alzheimer's Disease.
Cerebral Amyloid Angiopathy-Related Microbleeds Correlate with Glucose Metabolism and Brain Volume in Alzheimer's Disease.
The Use of Neuroimaging to Assess Associations Among Diet, Nutrients, Metabolic Syndrome, and Alzheimer's Disease.
Cranberry extract supplementation exerts preventive effects through alleviating Aβ toxicity in Caenorhabditis elegans model of Alzheimer's disease.
Alzheimer's Disease: Assessing the Role of Spirochetes, Biofilms, the Immune System, and Amyloid-β with Regard to Potential Treatment and Prevention.
Comment: Yet another "disconnect" between amyloid and Alzheimer disease?
NALP1/NLRP1 genetic variants are associated with Alzheimer disease.
The GABAergic system as a therapeutic target for Alzheimer's disease.
Kororamides, Convolutamines, and Indole Derivatives as Possible Tau and Dual-Specificity Kinase Inhibitors for Alzheimer's Disease: A Computational Study.
Chronic cerebral hypoperfusion accelerates Alzheimer's disease pathology with the change of mitochondrial fission and fusion proteins expression in a novel mouse model.
Network-Driven Proteogenomics Unveils an Aging-Related Imbalance in the Olfactory IκBα-NFκB p65 Complex Functionality in Tg2576 Alzheimer's Disease Mouse Model.
[Alzheimer disease].
The Effects of Astilbin on Cognitive Impairments in a Transgenic Mouse Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
Reduced plaque size and inflammation in the APP23 mouse model for Alzheimer's disease after chronic application of polymeric nanoparticles for CNS targeted zinc delivery.
Somatic mutation that affects transcription factor binding upstream of CD55 in the temporal cortex of a late-onset Alzheimer disease patient.
MiR-214-3p attenuates cognition defects via the inhibition of autophagy in SAMP8 mouse model of sporadic Alzheimer's disease.
The flavonoid baicalein rescues synaptic plasticity and memory deficits in a mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Neuroimaging biomarkers in Alzheimer's disease and other dementias.
In Silico Analyses for Key Genes and Molecular Genetic Mechanism in Epilepsy and Alzheimer's Disease.
MRI substudy participation in Alzheimer disease (AD) clinical trials: baseline comparability of a substudy sample to entire study population.
Elevated TREM2 Gene Dosage Reprograms Microglia Responsivity and Ameliorates Pathological Phenotypes in Alzheimer's Disease Models.
Improving CSF biomarker accuracy in predicting prevalent and incident Alzheimer disease.
The physical performance test predicts aerobic capacity sufficient for independence in early-stage Alzheimer disease.
Automated diagnosis of Alzheimer disease using the scale-invariant feature transforms in magnetic resonance images.
The antipsychotic discontinuation in Alzheimer disease trial:  clinical rationale and study design.
Cerebrovascular pathology during the progression of experimental Alzheimer's disease.
Transfer of three transcription factors via a lentiviral vector ameliorates spatial learning and memory impairment in a mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Connected speech as a marker of disease progression in autopsy-proven Alzheimer's disease.
Comprehensive analysis of patient and caregiver predictors for caregiver burden, anxiety and depression in Alzheimer's disease.
The Immune System and Neuroinflammation as Potential Sources of Blood-Based Biomarkers for Alzheimer's Disease, Parkinson's Disease, and Huntington's Disease.
A spatial covariance <sup>123</sup>I-5IA-85380 SPECT study of α4β2 nicotinic receptors in Alzheimer's disease.
Late onset Alzheimer's disease genetics implicates microglial pathways in disease risk.
OAB-14, a bexarotene derivative, improves Alzheimer's disease-related pathologies and cognitive impairments by increasing β-amyloid clearance in APP/PS1 mice.
Novel multi target-directed ligands targeting 5-HT<sub>4</sub> receptors with in cellulo antioxidant properties as promising leads in Alzheimer's disease.
Alzheimer disease: Treatment of Alzheimer disease in Down syndrome.
Questions concerning the role of amyloid-β in the definition, aetiology and diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease.
Education and reported onset of symptoms among individuals with Alzheimer disease.
Atrophy of hippocampal subfields and adjacent extrahippocampal structures in dementia with Lewy bodies and Alzheimer's disease.
Late running is not too late against Alzheimer's pathology.
Plant-based vaccines for Alzheimer's disease.
The Triggering Receptor Expressed on Myeloid Cells-2 (TREM-2) as Expression of the Relationship between Microglia and Alzheimer's Disease: A Novel Marker for a Promising Pathway to Explore.
Drug Development for Alzheimer's Disease: Microglia Induced Neuroinflammation as a Target?
The cause-effect relationship between bone loss and Alzheimer's disease using statistical modeling.
Low serum concentration of free triiodothyronine (FT3) is associated with increased risk of Alzheimer's disease.
A Systematic Review on Donepezil-based Derivatives as Potential Cholinesterase Inhibitors for Alzheimer's Disease.
Effect of canola oil consumption on memory, synapse and neuropathology in the triple transgenic mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Iron deficiency alters expression of genes implicated in Alzheimer disease pathogenesis.
Alzheimer's Disease-like Paired Helical Filament Assembly from Truncated Tau Protein Is Independent of Disulfide Crosslinking.
Different clinical effect of four antidementia drugs for Alzheimer's disease patients depending on white matter severity.
Therapeutic effects of drug switching between acetylcholinesterase inhibitors in patients with Alzheimer's disease.
Visual texture agnosia in dementia with Lewy bodies and Alzheimer's disease.
Physical activity effects on the individual alpha peak frequency of older adults with and without genetic risk factors for Alzheimer's Disease: A MEG study.
O-GlcNAcylation and neuronal energy status: Implications for Alzheimer's disease.
Impact of the Quebec Alzheimer Plan on the detection and management of Alzheimer disease and other neurocognitive disorders in primary health care: a retrospective study.
Brain inflammation accompanies amyloid in the majority of mild cognitive impairment cases due to Alzheimer's disease.
Medial temporal lobe atrophy on MRI scans and the diagnosis of Alzheimer disease.
Dichotomous scoring of TDP-43 proteinopathy from specific brain regions in 27 academic research centers: associations with Alzheimer's disease and cerebrovascular disease pathologies.
Medical and Research Consent Decision-Making Capacity in Patients with Alzheimer's Disease: A Systematic Review.
Honokiol Alleviates Cognitive Deficits of Alzheimer's Disease (PS1V97L) Transgenic Mice by Activating Mitochondrial SIRT3.
Aβ34 is a BACE1-derived degradation intermediate associated with amyloid clearance and Alzheimer's disease progression.
Design, synthesis, biological evaluation and in vivo testing of dual phosphodiesterase 5 (PDE5) and histone deacetylase 6 (HDAC6)-selective inhibitors for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease.
A transcultural cognitive marker of Alzheimer's Disease.
The emerging role of microRNA-4487/6845-3p in Alzheimer's disease pathologies is induced by Aβ25-35 triggered in SH-SY5Y cell.
Protein Kinase Activity Decreases with Higher Braak Stages of Alzheimer's Disease Pathology.
Neuroprotective Mechanisms of Resveratrol in Alzheimer's Disease: Role of SIRT1.
Disclosure of amyloid status is not a barrier to recruitment in preclinical Alzheimer's disease clinical trials.
Rodent models for Alzheimer's disease drug discovery.
Relevance of transgenic mouse models to human Alzheimer disease.
Month and Season of Birth as a Risk Factor for Alzheimer's Disease: A Nationwide Nested Case-control Study.
Butyrylcholinesterase is associated with β-amyloid plaques in the transgenic APPSWE/PSEN1dE9 mouse model of Alzheimer disease.
Comparative lipidomic analysis of mouse and human brain with Alzheimer disease.
Cognitive impairment in Parkinson's disease, Alzheimer's dementia, and vascular dementia: the role of the clock-drawing test.
Higher Frequency and Complexity of Sleep Disturbances in Dementia with Lewy Bodies as Compared to Alzheimer's Disease.
Small Vessel Cerebrovascular Pathology Identified by Magnetic Resonance Imaging Is Prevalent in Alzheimer's Disease and Mild Cognitive Impairment: A Potential Target for Intervention.
Toward a New Concept of Alzheimer's Disease Models: A Perspective from Neuroinflammation.
Influence of Butyrylcholinesterase in Progression of Mild Cognitive Impairment to Alzheimer's Disease.
Genetic interaction of PICALM and APOE is associated with brain atrophy and cognitive impairment in Alzheimer's disease.
Updated TDP-43 in Alzheimer's disease staging scheme.
Highly sensitive aptasensor based on interferometric reflectance spectroscopy for the determination of amyloid β as an Alzheimer's disease biomarkers using nanoporous anodic alumina.
Genetic factors associated with the predisposition to late onset Alzheimer's disease.
Review: Neuropathology and behavioural features of transgenic murine models of Alzheimer's disease.
Is there an association between help-seeking for early detection of Alzheimer's disease and illness representations of this disease among the lay public?
The nonlinear relationship between cerebrospinal fluid Aβ42 and tau in preclinical Alzheimer's disease.
A medial temporal lobe division of labor: insights from memory in aging and early Alzheimer disease.
2015 Alzheimer's disease facts and figures.
Transcriptional Effects of ApoE4: Relevance to Alzheimer's Disease.
Epigenetics and DNA methylomic profiling in Alzheimer's disease and other neurodegenerative diseases.
Risk of Alzheimer's disease among users of postmenopausal hormone therapy: A nationwide case-control study.
Protein homeostasis of a metastable subproteome associated with Alzheimer's disease.
The protective effect of Epimedii Folium and Curculiginis Rhizoma on Alzheimer's disease by the inhibitions of NF-κB/MAPK pathway and NLRP3 inflammasome.
Early long-term administration of the CSF1R inhibitor PLX3397 ablates microglia and reduces accumulation of intraneuronal amyloid, neuritic plaque deposition and pre-fibrillar oligomers in 5XFAD mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Chronotropic Response and Cognitive Function in a Cohort at Risk for Alzheimer's Disease.
Dysfunction of mitochondria: Implications for Alzheimer's disease.
Nanowired delivery of cerebrolysin with neprilysin and p-Tau antibodies induces superior neuroprotection in Alzheimer's disease.
Key Peptides and Proteins in Alzheimer's Disease.
Using structural equation modeling to detect response shift in quality of life in patients with Alzheimer's disease.
Innovative Therapeutic Potential of Cannabinoid Receptors as Targets in Alzheimer's Disease and Less Well-Known Diseases.
Beclin 1 complex in autophagy and Alzheimer disease.
Alzheimer disease as a vascular disorder: where do mitochondria fit?
Approach to atypical Alzheimer's disease and case studies of the major subtypes.
Association between ABCA1 gene polymorphisms and the therapeutic response to donepezil therapy in Han Chinese patients with Alzheimer's disease.
Sleep deprivation impairs memory, tau metabolism, and synaptic integrity of a mouse model of Alzheimer's disease with plaques and tangles.
A randomized placebo-controlled pilot trial of omega-3 fatty acids and alpha lipoic acid in Alzheimer's disease.
Consent to medical research of vulnerable subjects from the French point of view: the example of consent in research in the case of Alzheimer disease.
Longitudinal Neuropsychiatric Predictors of Death in Alzheimer's Disease.
Critical Comparison of Different Biomarkers for Alzheimer's Disease in a Clinical Setting.
Alzheimer's Disease FDG PET Imaging Pattern in an Amyloid-Negative Mild Cognitive Impairment Subject.
Alzheimer's Disease-Associated β-Amyloid Is Rapidly Seeded by Herpesviridae to Protect against Brain Infection.
Nootkatone, a neuroprotective agent from Alpiniae Oxyphyllae Fructus, improves cognitive impairment in lipopolysaccharide-induced mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Mitochondria-associated ER membranes in Alzheimer disease.
Effects of Meditation and Music-Listening on Blood Biomarkers of Cellular Aging and Alzheimer's Disease in Adults with Subjective Cognitive Decline: An Exploratory Randomized Clinical Trial.
Association of Extracellular Vesicle Biomarkers With Alzheimer Disease in the Baltimore Longitudinal Study of Aging.
Endosomal Traffic Jams Represent a Pathogenic Hub and Therapeutic Target in Alzheimer's Disease.
Peripheral Blood MicroRNA Expression Profiles in Alzheimer's Disease: Screening, Validation, Association with Clinical Phenotype and Implications for Molecular Mechanism.
Sarcopenia and Muscle Functions at Various Stages of Alzheimer Disease.
Targeted Sequencing of Alzheimer Disease Genes in African Americans Implicates Novel Risk Variants.
Visual hallucinations in Alzheimer's disease is significantly associated with clinical diagnostic features of dementia with Lewy bodies.
Confirmation rate of blinded (99m)Tc-SPECT compared to neurochemical dementia biomarkers in CSF in patients with Alzheimer disease.
Postsynaptic Proteome of Non-Demented Individuals with Alzheimer's Disease Neuropathology.
Characteristics of Mild Cognitive Impairment Using the Thai Version of the Consortium to Establish a Registry for Alzheimer's Disease Tests: A Multivariate and Machine Learning Study.
Predicting Alzheimer's disease development: a comparison of cognitive criteria and associated neuroimaging biomarkers.
Identifying patients with Alzheimer's disease using resting-state fMRI and graph theory.
Serum Cholesterol and Incident Alzheimer's Disease: Findings from the Adult Changes in Thought Study.
Ellagic acid: Insights into its neuroprotective and cognitive enhancement effects in sporadic Alzheimer's disease.
Neuroproteomic tools for battling Alzheimer's disease.
Novel multi-target-directed ligands for Alzheimer's disease: Combining cholinesterase inhibitors and 5-HT<sub>6</sub> receptor antagonists. Design, synthesis and biological evaluation.
Identification of a BACE1 Binding Peptide Candidate for the Prevention of Amyloid Beta in Alzheimer's Disease.
Therapeutic Strategies for Alzheimer's Disease in the View of Diabetes Mellitus.
Quantitative profiling brain proteomes revealed mitochondrial dysfunction in Alzheimer's disease.
[Long-term efficacy and safety of electroacupuncture on improving MMSE in patients with Alzheimer's disease].
Neuroendocrine-Metabolic Dysfunction and Sleep Disturbances in Neurodegenerative Disorders: Focus on Alzheimer's Disease and Melatonin.
Does retinoic acid reverse cell cycle dysregulation in Alzheimer's disease lymphocytes?
Molecular and Cellular Mechanisms of Sporadic Alzheimer's Disease: Studies on Rodent Models in vivo.
Predictors of care home and hospital admissions and their costs for older people with Alzheimer's disease: findings from a large London case register.
Histogram-Based Feature Extraction from Individual Gray Matter Similarity-Matrix for Alzheimer's Disease Classification.
Spared behavioral repetition effects in Alzheimer's disease linked to an altered neural mechanism at posterior cortex.
New genetic players in late-onset Alzheimer's disease: Findings of genome-wide association studies.
PLD3 epigenetic changes in the hippocampus of Alzheimer's disease.
The Biology of Glial Cells and Their Complex Roles in Alzheimer's Disease: New Opportunities in Therapy.
Altered Expression of Small Intestinal Drug Transporters and Hepatic Metabolic Enzymes in a Mouse Model of Familial Alzheimer's Disease.
MicroRNA-146a suppresses ROCK1 allowing hyperphosphorylation of tau in Alzheimer's disease.
Genetics: Alzheimer disease and dyslipidaemia.
Degradation of emotion processing ability in corticobasal syndrome and Alzheimer's disease.
Re: Long-Term Efficacy and Toxicity of Cholinesterase Inhibitors in the Treatment of Alzheimer Disease.
Response to Comment on Vandal et al. Insulin Reverses the High-Fat Diet-Induced Increase in Brain Aβ and Improves Memory in an Animal Model of Alzheimer Disease. Diabetes 2014;63:4291-4301.
Immunity factor contributes to altered brain functional networks in individuals at risk for Alzheimer's disease: Neuroimaging-genetic evidence.
Soluble BACE-1 Activity and sAβPPβ Concentrations in Alzheimer's Disease and Age-Matched Healthy Control Cerebrospinal Fluid from the Alzheimer's Disease Neuroimaging Initiative-1 Baseline Cohort.
Bioenergetic Impairment in Animal and Cellular Models of Alzheimer's Disease: PARP-1 Inhibition Rescues Metabolic Dysfunctions.
A comprehensive analysis on preservation patterns of gene co-expression networks during Alzheimer's disease progression.
An evaluation of volume-based morphometry for prediction of mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's disease.
Early symptoms of Alzheimer's disease in Japan and Taiwan.
Shifts in gut microbiota composition in an APP/PSS1 transgenic mouse model of Alzheimer's disease during lifespan.
The effect of rare variants in TREM2 and PLD3 on longitudinal cognitive function in the Wisconsin Registry for Alzheimer's Prevention.
Hypometabolism of the posterior cingulate cortex is not restricted to Alzheimer's disease.
Posterior Ventricular Enlargement to Differentiate Dementia with Lewy Bodies from Alzheimer's Disease.
Learning Biomarker Models for Progression Estimation of Alzheimer's Disease.
Impaired neurovascular coupling in aging and Alzheimer's disease: Contribution of astrocyte dysfunction and endothelial impairment to cognitive decline.
Molecular and Functional Interaction of the Myokine Irisin with Physical Exercise and Alzheimer's Disease.
Synthesis, pharmacology and molecular docking on multifunctional tacrine-ferulic acid hybrids as cholinesterase inhibitors against Alzheimer's disease.
Discovery of novel PDE9A inhibitors with antioxidant activities for treatment of Alzheimer's disease.
Increased Levels of Brain Adrenomedullin in the Neuropathology of Alzheimer's Disease.
Positive affect and regional cerebral blood flow in Alzheimer's disease.
Impaired Picture Arrangement subscores (WAIS-III) associated with decreased place orientation and frontal/occipital blood flow in Alzheimer's disease: Implications for social judgment dysfunction. The Osaki-Tajiri Project.
The neural correlates of auditory and visuospatial span in logopenic progressive aphasia and Alzheimer's disease.
Progress in drug development for Alzheimer's disease: An overview in relation to mitochondrial energy metabolism.
Antipsychotic prescribing for Alzheimer's disease and related disorders in specialized settings from 2010 to 2014 in France: a repeated cross-sectional study.
Test-retest resting-state fMRI in healthy elderly persons with a family history of Alzheimer's disease.
Alzheimer disease with cerebrovascular disease and vascular dementia: clinical features and course compared with Alzheimer disease.
Opportunities and challenges in developing relevant animal models for Alzheimer's disease.
Whole-exome sequencing of the BDR cohort: evidence to support the role of the PILRA gene in Alzheimer's disease.
P2Y1 receptor blockade normalizes network dysfunction and cognition in an Alzheimer's disease model.
New views and possibilities of antidiabetic drugs in treating and/or preventing mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's Disease.
Characterizing Alzheimer's disease through metabolomics and investigating anti-Alzheimer's disease effects of natural products.
In Vivo Biosynthesized Zinc and Iron Oxide Nanoclusters for High Spatiotemporal Dual-Modality Bioimaging of Alzheimer's Disease.
White matter integrity and reaction time intraindividual variability in healthy aging and early-stage Alzheimer disease.
Dynamic Microtubules in Alzheimer's Disease: Association with Dendritic Spine Pathology.
False recognition in a mouse model of Alzheimer's disease: rescue with sensory restriction and memantine.
Gray matter networks and clinical progression in subjects with predementia Alzheimer's disease.
Fish consumption and omega-3 fatty acid supplementation for prevention or treatment of cognitive decline, dementia or Alzheimer's disease in older adults - any news?
Biomarker and Clinical Trial Design Support for Disease-Modifying Therapies: Report of a Survey of the EU/US: Alzheimer's Disease Task Force.
Capillary cerebral amyloid angiopathy in Alzheimer's disease: association with allocortical/hippocampal microinfarcts and cognitive decline.
What features of stigma do the public most commonly attribute to Alzheimer's disease dementia? Results of a survey of the U.S. general public.
The Effects of Music Therapy on Cognition, Psychiatric Symptoms, and Activities of Daily Living in Patients with Alzheimer's Disease.
A Systematic Review and Aggregated Analysis on the Impact of Amyloid PET Brain Imaging on the Diagnosis, Diagnostic Confidence, and Management of Patients being Evaluated for Alzheimer's Disease.
Longitudinal investigation of neuroinflammation and metabolite profiles in the APP<sub>swe</sub> ×PS1<sub>Δe9</sub> transgenic mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Microcephaly genes and risk of late-onset Alzheimer disease.
Early changes in CSF sTREM2 in dominantly inherited Alzheimer's disease occur after amyloid deposition and neuronal injury.
FEATURE SELECTION IMPROVES THE ACCURACY OF CLASSIFYING ALZHEIMER DISEASE USING DIFFUSION TENSOR IMAGES.
Impaired Cholinergic Excitation of Prefrontal Attention Circuitry in the TgCRND8 Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
Reference standard space hippocampus labels according to the European Alzheimer's Disease Consortium-Alzheimer's Disease Neuroimaging Initiative harmonized protocol: Utility in automated volumetry.
Pauses During Autobiographical Discourse Reflect Episodic Memory Processes in Early Alzheimer's Disease.
Brain imaging evidence of early involvement of subcortical regions in familial and sporadic Alzheimer's disease.
Genetically Determined Serum Uric Acid and Alzheimer's Disease Risk.
Differences Between Women and Men in Incidence Rates of Dementia and Alzheimer's Disease.
Differences in Depressive Patterns According to Disease Severityin Early-Onset Alzheimer's Disease.
Generation of App knock-in mice reveals deletion mutations protective against Alzheimer's disease-like pathology.
Neuroprotective effects of salidroside administration in a mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Outstanding Phenotypic Differences in the Profile of Amyloid-β between Tg2576 and APPswe/PS1dE9 Transgenic Mouse Models of Alzheimer's Disease.
Does the Interplay Between Aging and Neuroinflammation Modulate Alzheimer's Disease Clinical Phenotypes? A Clinico-Pathological Perspective.
T-cell brain infiltration and immature antigen-presenting cells in transgenic models of Alzheimer's disease-like cerebral amyloidosis.
SB-742457 and donepezil in Alzheimer disease: a randomized, placebo-controlled study.
Abnormal circadian locomotor rhythms and Per gene expression in six-month-old triple transgenic mice model of Alzheimer's disease.
Type-I interferon pathway in neuroinflammation and neurodegeneration: focus on Alzheimer's disease.
Blood cadmium levels and Alzheimer's disease mortality risk in older US adults.
Mitochondrial therapeutic interventions in Alzheimer's disease.
Exploration of synthetic multifunctional amides as new therapeutic agents for Alzheimer's disease through enzyme inhibition, chemoinformatic properties, molecular docking and dynamic simulation insights.
Chinese Medicine for Alzheimer's Disease: A Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials.
Reduced expression of SIRT1 and SOD-1 and the correlation between these levels in various regions of the brains of patients with Alzheimer's disease.
Circulating vitamin E levels and Alzheimer's disease: a Mendelian randomization study.
Is there still any hope for amyloid-based immunotherapy for Alzheimer's disease?
Validation of olfactory deficit as a biomarker of Alzheimer disease.
Localized instance fusion of MRI data of Alzheimer's disease for classification based on instance transfer ensemble learning.
No Genetic Overlap Between Circulating Iron Levels and Alzheimer's Disease.
Group and individual cognitive therapies in Alzheimer's disease: the ETNA3 randomized trial.
Hepatitis B core VLP-based mis-disordered tau vaccine elicits strong immune response and alleviates cognitive deficits and neuropathology progression in Tau.P301S mouse model of Alzheimer's disease and frontotemporal dementia.
Beneficial Effect of Minimal Interference on Item Memory But Not on Source Memory in Alzheimer's Disease.
Influence of N-acetyl cysteine on beta-amyloid-induced Alzheimer's disease in a rat model: A behavioral and electrophysiological study.
Electroacupuncture ameliorates spatial learning and memory impairment via attenuating NOX2-related oxidative stress in a rat model of Alzheimer's disease induced by Aβ1-42.
Citalopram for the Treatment of Agitation in Alzheimer Dementia: Genetic Influences.
Peripheral Vitamin C Levels in Alzheimer's Disease: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Neuroethics, confidentiality, and a cultural imperative in early onset Alzheimer disease: a case study with a First Nation population.
Amylin deposition in the brain: A second amyloid in Alzheimer disease?
Association and interaction effects of Alzheimer's disease-associated genes and lifestyle on cognitive aging in older adults in a Taiwanese population.
Diverse molecular targets for therapeutic strategies in Alzheimer's disease.
AAVrh.10-Mediated APOE2 Central Nervous System Gene Therapy for APOE4-Associated Alzheimer's Disease.
Amyloid burden and incident depressive symptoms in preclinical Alzheimer's disease.
Early-onset Alzheimer's disease versus frontotemporal dementia: resolution with genetic diagnoses?
Comparison of non-vertebral fracture between minodronate and risedronate therapy in elderly female patients with Alzheimer disease.
CASP3 and LDOC-1 gene expression in a patient with carcinoma in the hairy part of the head skin and Alzheimer disease.
Lymphoblast-derived integration-free iPSC line AD-TREM2-3 from a 74 year-old Alzheimer's disease patient expressing the TREM2 p.R47H variant.
Design, synthesis and biological evaluation of dual acetylcholinesterase and phosphodiesterase 5A inhibitors in treatment for Alzheimer's disease.
Insulin signaling: An opportunistic target to minify the risk of Alzheimer's disease.
New scoring methodology improves the sensitivity of the Alzheimer's Disease Assessment Scale-Cognitive subscale (ADAS-Cog) in clinical trials.
Effect of concomitant use of memantine on mortality and efficacy outcomes of galantamine-treated patients with Alzheimer's disease: post-hoc analysis of a randomized placebo-controlled study.
Reactions to learning a "not elevated" amyloid PET result in a preclinical Alzheimer's disease trial.
Administration of <i>Momordica charantia</i> Enhances the Neuroprotection and Reduces the Side Effects of LiCl in the Treatment of Alzheimer's Disease.
Discovery of novel 2,5-dihydroxyterephthalamide derivatives as multifunctional agents for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease.
Chromones: privileged scaffolds for the production of multi-target-directed-ligand agents for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease.
Association of deposition of tau and amyloid-β proteins with structural connectivity changes in cognitively normal older adults and Alzheimer's disease spectrum patients.
Abnormal changes in functional connectivity between the amygdala and frontal regions are associated with depression in Alzheimer's disease.
Contourlet-based hippocampal magnetic resonance imaging texture features for multivariant classification and prediction of Alzheimer's disease.
Platelet Proteomic Analysis Revealed Differential Pattern of Cytoskeletal- and Immune-Related Proteins at Early Stages of Alzheimer's Disease.
Autophagy is increased following either pharmacological or genetic silencing of mGluR5 signaling in Alzheimer's disease mouse models.
Cerebral blood flow measured with 3D pseudocontinuous arterial spin-labeling MR imaging in Alzheimer disease and mild cognitive impairment: a marker for disease severity.
Odor identification deficit in mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's disease is associated with hippocampal and deep gray matter atrophy.
Gender difference in valproic acid-induced neuroprotective effects on APP/PS1 double transgenic mice modeling Alzheimer's disease.
Application of Systems Theory in Longitudinal Studies on the Origin and Progression of Alzheimer's Disease.
Dual inhibitors of cholinesterases and monoamine oxidases for Alzheimer's disease.
Antidepressant-Like Effect of Ropren® in β-Amyloid-(25-35) Rat Model of Alzheimer's Disease with Altered Levels of Androgens.
Effect of a purpose in life on risk of incident Alzheimer disease and mild cognitive impairment in community-dwelling older persons.
Which medical and social decision topics are important after early diagnosis of Alzheimer's Disease from the perspectives of people with Alzheimer's Disease, spouses and professionals?
Intranasal deferoxamine affects memory loss, oxidation, and the insulin pathway in the streptozotocin rat model of Alzheimer's disease.
Relationship between small cerebral white matter lesions and cognitive function in patients with Alzheimer's disease and amnestic mild cognitive impairment.
Early cost-utility analysis of general and cerebrospinal fluid-specific Alzheimer's disease biomarkers for hypothetical disease-modifying treatment decision in mild cognitive impairment.
Identification of a peptide recognizing cerebrovascular changes in mouse models of Alzheimer's disease.
Evidence of Wnt/β-catenin alterations in brain and bone of a tauopathy mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Disentangling the biological pathways involved in early features of Alzheimer's disease in the Rotterdam Study.
Plaque-dependent morphological and electrophysiological heterogeneity of microglia in an Alzheimer's disease mouse model.
"Boomerang Neuropathology" of Late-Onset Alzheimer's Disease is Shrouded in Harmful "BDDS": Breathing, Diet, Drinking, and Sleep During Aging.
Genetic mouse models of brain ageing and Alzheimer's disease.
Intracerebroventricular Streptozotocin Injections as a Model of Alzheimer's Disease: in Search of a Relevant Mechanism.
High thiamine diphosphate level as a protective factor for Alzheimer's disease.
5-Hydroxytryptamine receptor 6 antagonist, SB258585 exerts neuroprotection in a rat model of Streptozotocin-induced Alzheimer's disease.
Prognostic classification of mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's disease: MRI independent component analysis.
HTT gene intermediate alleles in neurodegeneration: evidence for association with Alzheimer's disease.
Cultural diversity and views on Alzheimer disease in older African Americans.
Dimethyloxalylglycine preconditioning enhances protective effects of bone marrow-derived mesenchymal stem cells in Aβ- induced Alzheimer disease.
Physical Exercise and Brain Mitochondrial Fitness: The Possible Role Against Alzheimer's Disease.
Disease state changes and safety of long-term donepezil hydrochloride administration in patients with Alzheimer's disease: interim results from the long-term, large-scale J-GOLD study in Japan.
Cholinesterase Inhibitors and Behavioral & Psychological Symptoms of Alzheimer's Disease.
A Small Molecule Inhibitor of Plasminogen Activator Inhibitor-1 Reduces Brain Amyloid-β Load and Improves Memory in an Animal Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
Alterations in Acrolein Metabolism Contribute to Alzheimer's Disease.
Tissue-Plasminogen Activator Attenuates Alzheimer's Disease-Related Pathology Development in APPswe/PS1 Mice.
Differences in Aβ brain networks in Alzheimer's disease and healthy controls.
Novel interaction between Alzheimer's disease-related protein presenilin 1 and glutamate transporter 1.
National Institutes of Health State-of-the-Science Conference statement: preventing alzheimer disease and cognitive decline.
NADPH-oxidase activation and cognition in Alzheimer disease progression.
Self-rated health in patients with mild Alzheimer's disease: baseline data from the Danish Alzheimer Intervention Study.
[Agriculture workers and alzheimer disease].
Multitarget compounds bearing tacrine- and donepezil-like structural and functional motifs for the potential treatment of Alzheimer's disease.
One-carbon metabolism, cognitive impairment and CSF measures of Alzheimer pathology: homocysteine and beyond.
Statin therapy is associated with reduced neuropathologic changes of Alzheimer disease.
HMGCR is a genetic modifier for risk, age of onset and MCI conversion to Alzheimer's disease in a three cohorts study.
Comment on "cytomegalovirus infection and risk of Alzheimer disease in older black and white individuals," journal of infectious diseases, 8 august 2014.
[Presenilin 1 p. F105L mutation was associated with a Chinese pedigree with early-onset familial Alzheimer's disease].
Alteration of high-density lipoprotein functionality in Alzheimer's disease patients.
Rosmarinic Acid Derivatives' Inhibition of Glycogen Synthase Kinase-3β Is the Pharmacological Basis of Kangen-Karyu in Alzheimer's Disease.
Paired Immunoglobulin-like Type 2 Receptor Alpha G78R variant alters ligand binding and confers protection to Alzheimer's disease.
Compound CID 9998128 Is a Potential Multitarget Drug for Alzheimer's Disease.
The effect of ethyl acetate extract from persimmon leaves on Alzheimer's disease and its underlying mechanism.
The metabolic syndrome and Alzheimer disease.
Oxidant/Antioxidant Imbalance in Alzheimer's Disease: Therapeutic and Diagnostic Prospects.
New Beginnings in Alzheimer's Disease: The Most Prevalent Tauopathy.
The hypothalamus as the primary brain region of metabolic abnormalities in APP/PS1 transgenic mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Consequences of Anosognosia on the Cost of Caregivers' Care in Alzheimer's Disease.
Nutritional Status of Patients with Alzheimer's Disease and Their Caregivers.
Vascular Contributions in Alzheimer's Disease-Related Neuropathological Changes: First Autopsy Evidence from a South Asian Aging Population.
Characterization of Alzheimer's Disease and Mild Cognitive Impairment in Older Adults in Panama.
Chronic Traumatic Encephalopathy Presenting as Alzheimer's Disease in a Retired Soccer Player.
Neural evidence for defective top-down control of visual processing in Parkinson's and Alzheimer's disease.
Baseline differences and trajectories of change for deceased, placed, and community residing Alzheimer disease patients.
Apathy and executive dysfunction in Alzheimer disease.
Alzheimer's Disease: From Mitochondrial Perturbations to Mitochondrial Medicine.
No association between CALHM1 variation and risk of Alzheimer disease.
[Methylphenidate in a patient with Alzheimer's disease : Increase in drive and cardiac performance].
Exercise as a pro-cognitive, pro-neurogenic and anti-inflammatory intervention in transgenic mouse models of Alzheimer's disease.
Loss of Endothelial Nitric Oxide Synthase Promotes p25 Generation and Tau Phosphorylation in a Murine Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
The c-jun N-terminal kinase plays a key role in ocular degenerative changes in a mouse model of Alzheimer disease suggesting a correlation between ocular and brain pathologies.
The impact of the Alzheimer's Disease Neuroimaging Initiative 2: What role do public-private partnerships have in pushing the boundaries of clinical and basic science research on Alzheimer's disease?
A pathogenic <i>PSEN2</i> p.His169Asn mutation associated with early-onset Alzheimer's disease.
Peptides, Peptidomimetics, and Carbohydrate-Peptide Conjugates as Amyloidogenic Aggregation Inhibitors for Alzheimer's Disease.
Expression of BC1 Impairs Spatial Learning and Memory in Alzheimer's Disease Via APP Translation.
C/EBPβ regulates delta-secretase expression and mediates pathogenesis in mouse models of Alzheimer's disease.
A novel GLP-1/GIP/Gcg triagonist reduces cognitive deficits and pathology in the 3xTg mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Chronic consumption of a western diet induces robust glial activation in aging mice and in a mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Clinically Meaningful Outcomes in Early Alzheimer Disease: A Consortia-Driven Approach to Identifying What Matters to Patients.
There is no correlation between peripheral inflammation and cognitive status at diagnosis in Alzheimer's disease.
A functional polymorphism in the promoter region of microRNA-146a is associated with the risk of Alzheimer disease and the rate of cognitive decline in patients.
CSF microRNA Profiling in Alzheimer's Disease: a Screening and Validation Study.
Olfactory markers of depression and Alzheimer's disease.
Possible Predictors of Involuntary Weight Loss in Patients with Alzheimer's Disease.
Protective effect of paeoniflorin on inflammation and apoptosis in the cerebral cortex of a transgenic mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
MT5-MMP is a new pro-amyloidogenic proteinase that promotes amyloid pathology and cognitive decline in a transgenic mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Behavioural and psychological symptoms of dementia in Down syndrome: Early indicators of clinical Alzheimer's disease?
A Three-Factor Structure of Cognitive Functioning Among Unimpaired Carriers and Non-Carriers of Autosomal-Dominant Alzheimer's Disease.
Single Subject Classification of Alzheimer's Disease and Behavioral Variant Frontotemporal Dementia Using Anatomical, Diffusion Tensor, and Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging.
Is there a new pathway relationship between melatonin and FEZ1 in experimental rat model of Alzheimer's disease?
Increased neurofibrillary tangles in patients with Alzheimer disease with comorbid depression.
Natural Product Formulations for the Prevention and Treatment of Alzheimer's disease: A Patent Review.
Copper dyshomeostasis in Wilson disease and Alzheimer's disease as shown by serum and urine copper indicators.
Age and diagnostic performance of Alzheimer disease CSF biomarkers.
Hydroxynonenal-generated crosslinking fluorophore accumulation in Alzheimer disease reveals a dichotomy of protein turnover.
Metabolomics analysis of Xanthoceras sorbifolia husks protection of rats against Alzheimer's disease using liquid chromatography mass spectrometry.
[Genetic aspects of Alzheimer's disease (Review)].
Interhemispheric distribution of Alzheimer disease and vascular pathology in brain aging.
Longitudinal assessment of cerebral perfusion and vascular response to hypoventilation in a bigenic mouse model of Alzheimer's disease with amyloid and tau pathology.
Trends in the incidence of dementia: design and methods in the Alzheimer Cohorts Consortium.
Plasma concentrations of free amyloid β cannot predict the development of Alzheimer's disease.
A new approach for Alzheimer's disease treatment through P-gp regulation via ibuprofen.
Multi-Objective Genetic Algorithms to Find Most Relevant Volumes of the Brain Related to Alzheimer's Disease and Mild Cognitive Impairment.
Aldehyde dehydrogenase (ALDH) in Alzheimer's and Parkinson's disease.
Deciphering Alzheimer disease.
The Alzheimer's Disease Neuroimaging Initiative phase 2: Increasing the length, breadth, and depth of our understanding.
Alzheimer's Disease Neuroimaging Initiative 2 Clinical Core: Progress and plans.
Targeted brain proteomics uncover multiple pathways to Alzheimer's dementia.
Cognitive correlates of α4β2 nicotinic acetylcholine receptors in mild Alzheimer's dementia.
Secretagogin expression in the vertebrate brainstem with focus on the noradrenergic system and implications for Alzheimer's disease.
Profiling sentence repetition deficits in primary progressive aphasia and Alzheimer's disease: Error patterns and association with digit span.
Computational investigation of mechanistic insights of Aβ42 interactions against extracellular domain of nAChRα7 in Alzheimer's disease.
GABAergic Microcircuits in Alzheimer's Disease Models.
Cerebrospinal fluid levels of the synaptic protein neurogranin correlates with cognitive decline in prodromal Alzheimer's disease.
Blood-Brain Barrier ABC-transporter P-glycoprotein in Alzheimer&#39;s Disease: Still a Suspect?
MicroRNA Let-7f-5p Promotes Bone Marrow Mesenchymal Stem Cells Survival by Targeting Caspase-3 in Alzheimer Disease Model.
Cognition comes of age: comments on the new FDA draft guidance for early Alzheimer's disease.
Neuroinflammatory responses in Alzheimer's disease.
Research Progress in the Pathogenesis of Alzheimer's Disease.
Evaluation of Cerebrospinal Fluid Assay Variability in Alzheimer's Disease.
Nanoformulated alpha-mangostin ameliorates Alzheimer's disease neuropathology by elevating LDLR expression and accelerating amyloid-beta clearance.
Genome-wide association study of Alzheimer's disease with psychotic symptoms.
Alzheimer's disease: nutritional status and cognitive aspects associated with disease severity.
The Precuneus - A Witness for Excessive Aβ Gathering in Alzheimer's Disease Pathology.
Free Heme and Amyloid-β: A Fatal Liaison in Alzheimer's Disease.
Alzheimer Disease and Selected Risk Factors Disrupt a Co-regulation of Monoamine Oxidase-A/B in the Hippocampus, but Not in the Cortex.
Alzheimer disease and the role of free radicals in the pathogenesis of the disease.
Ginkgo Biloba for Mild Cognitive Impairment and Alzheimer's Disease: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials.
[Evaluation of temporality semantic knowledge in normal aging and in mild and moderate stages of Alzheimer's disease].
Venular degeneration leads to vascular dysfunction in a transgenic model of Alzheimer's disease.
SIRT3 deregulation is linked to mitochondrial dysfunction in Alzheimer's disease.
Using Base Rate of Low Scores to Identify Progression from Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment to Alzheimer's Disease.
Changes in regional cerebral blood flow associated with a 45 day course of the ketogenic agent, caprylidene, in patients with mild to moderate Alzheimer's disease: Results of a randomized, double-blinded, pilot study.
Redox-Activated Near-Infrared-Responsive Polyoxometalates Used for Photothermal Treatment of Alzheimer's Disease.
Dysregulation of Intracellular Calcium Signaling in Alzheimer's Disease.
Use of FDA approved medications for Alzheimer's disease in mild dementia is associated with reduced informal costs of care.
Altered expression of glutamate transporter-1 and water channel protein aquaporin-4 in human temporal cortex with Alzheimer's disease.
Investigation of naphthofuran moiety as potential dual inhibitor against BACE-1 and GSK-3β: molecular dynamics simulations, binding energy, and network analysis to identify first-in-class dual inhibitors against Alzheimer's disease.
The LipiDiDiet trial: what does it add to the current evidence for Fortasyn Connect in early Alzheimer's disease?
Early-onset Alzheimer disease: the contribution of neuroimaging for the diagnosis.
Non-coding variability at the APOE locus contributes to the Alzheimer's risk.
Thiamine diphosphate reduction strongly correlates with brain glucose hypometabolism in Alzheimer's disease, whereas amyloid deposition does not.
Testosterone as the missing link between pesticides, Alzheimer disease, and Parkinson disease.
Elevated mRNA Expression and Low Methylation of SNCA in Japanese Alzheimer's Disease Subjects.
Inflammatory Cytokines and Alzheimer's Disease: A Review from the Perspective of Genetic Polymorphisms.
Differential Risk of Incident Alzheimer's Disease Dementia in Stable Versus Unstable Patterns of Subjective Cognitive Decline.
Treatment strategies in Alzheimer's disease: a review with focus on selenium supplementation.
Disruption of neuronal nitric oxide synthase dimerization contributes to the development of Alzheimer's disease: Involvement of cyclin-dependent kinase 5-mediated phosphorylation of neuronal nitric oxide synthase at Ser(293).
The Potential Roles of Aquaporin 4 in Alzheimer's Disease.
Bioactive Food Abates Metabolic and Synaptic Alterations by Modulation of Gut Microbiota in a Mouse Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
Dissection of prodromal Alzheimer's disease.
Differential levels of p75NTR ectodomain in CSF and blood in patients with Alzheimer's disease: a novel diagnostic marker.
[Alzheimer disease: diagnosis before time?].
Alzheimer disease: Joining the dots between APOE ε4 and late-onset Alzheimer disease via integrative genomics.
Cinnamic acid activates PPARα to stimulate Lysosomal biogenesis and lower Amyloid plaque pathology in an Alzheimer's disease mouse model.
Discrepancy between subjective and objective sleep disturbances in early- and moderate-stage Alzheimer disease.
Protective effects of 7,8-dihydroxyflavone on neuropathological and neurochemical changes in a mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Increased expression of TREM2 in peripheral cells from mild cognitive impairment patients who progress into Alzheimer's disease.
Long-Term Extensions of Randomized Vaccination Trials of ACC-001 and QS-21 in Mild to Moderate Alzheimer's Disease.
Nuclear Factor-Kappa B and Alzheimer Disease, Unifying Genetic and Environmental Risk Factors from Cell to Humans.
Untangling the Tauopathy for Alzheimer's disease and parkinsonism.
The age of onset and evolution of Braak tangle stage and Thal amyloid pathology of Alzheimer's disease in individuals with Down syndrome.
Effect of Sodium Selenate on Hippocampal Proteome of 3×Tg-AD Mice-Exploring the Antioxidant Dogma of Selenium against Alzheimer's Disease.
Effects of donepezil on brain morphometric and metabolic changes in patients with Alzheimer's disease: A DARTEL-based VBM and (1)H-MRS.
Association of cerebrospinal fluid α-synuclein with total and phospho-tau<sub>181</sub> protein concentrations and brain amyloid load in cognitively normal subjective memory complainers stratified by Alzheimer's disease biomarkers.
Biomarkers for Alzheimer's Disease in Saliva: A Systematic Review.
Regional Amyloid-β Load and White Matter Abnormalities Contribute to Hypometabolism in Alzheimer's Dementia.
The suppression effect in visuospatial and verbal working memory span tasks in patients with Alzheimer's disease: a 2-year follow-up study.
The Bedford Alzheimer nursing-severity scale to assess dementia severity in advanced dementia: a nonparametric item response analysis and a study of its psychometric characteristics.
Drugs in Clinical Trials for Alzheimer's Disease: The Major Trends.
Role of ADH1B rs1229984 and ALDH2 rs671 gene polymorphisms in the development of Alzheimer's disease.
Association of TTR polymorphisms with hippocampal atrophy in Alzheimer disease families.
Chronic adiponectin deficiency leads to Alzheimer's disease-like cognitive impairments and pathologies through AMPK inactivation and cerebral insulin resistance in aged mice.
Patterns of Grey Matter Atrophy at Different Stages of Parkinson's and Alzheimer's Diseases and Relation to Cognition.
Plasma leptin levels and free leptin index in women with Alzheimer's disease.
Exosomal biomarkers in Down syndrome and Alzheimer's disease.
Longitudinal assessment of Aβ and cognition in aging and Alzheimer disease.
Lower Expression of Ndfip1 Is Associated With Alzheimer Disease Pathogenesis Through Decreasing DMT1 Degradation and Increasing Iron Influx.
Structural MRI-based detection of Alzheimer's disease using feature ranking and classification error.
A North Carolina service for those with questions about Alzheimer disease, other memory disorders, and family care.
Is Alzheimer's Disease Autoimmune Inflammation of the Brain That Can be Treated With Nasal Nonsteroidal Anti-Inflammatory Drugs?
Neurogenic and neuroprotective donepezil-flavonoid hybrids with sigma-1 affinity and inhibition of key enzymes in Alzheimer's disease.
MicroRNA‑125b regulates Alzheimer's disease through SphK1 regulation.
Amyloid toxicity in Alzheimer's disease.
Apolipoprotein A1 in Cerebrospinal Fluid and Plasma and Progression to Alzheimer's Disease in Non-Demented Elderly.
BIIB042, a novel γ-secretase modulator, reduces amyloidogenic Aβ isoforms in primates and rodents and plaque pathology in a mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Tau Biology and Tau-Directed Therapies for Alzheimer's Disease.
Alzheimer's disease: The right drug, the right time.
Identification of the optimal cognitive drugs among Alzheimer's disease: a Bayesian meta-analytic review.
Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Alzheimer's Disease: Role of Insulin Signalling and Therapeutic Implications.
Synthesis and Evaluation of Novel Ligustrazine Derivatives as Multi-Targeted Inhibitors for the Treatment of Alzheimer's Disease.
Rollercoaster ride of kynurenines: steering the wheel towards neuroprotection in Alzheimer's disease.
Multi-targetable chalcone analogs to treat deadly Alzheimer's disease: Current view and upcoming advice.
Cognitive Assessment Prediction in Alzheimer's Disease by Multi-Layer Multi-Target Regression.
Metabolic regional and network changes in Alzheimer's disease subtypes.
Relevance of Aβ42/40 Ratio for Detection of Alzheimer Disease Pathology in Clinical Routine: The PLM<sub>R</sub> Scale.
Neocortical and hippocampal TREM2 protein levels during the progression of Alzheimer's disease.
Profiling heterogeneity of Alzheimer's disease using white-matter impairment factors.
Quantitative EEG power and synchronization correlate with Alzheimer's disease CSF biomarkers.
Cognitive Training in Patients with Alzheimer's Disease: Findings of a 12-month Randomized Controlled Trial.
Discontinuation, Efficacy, and Safety of Cholinesterase Inhibitors for Alzheimer's Disease: a Meta-Analysis and Meta-Regression of 43 Randomized Clinical Trials Enrolling 16 106 Patients.
Partial Amelioration of Synaptic and Cognitive Deficits by Inhibiting Cofilin Dephosphorylation in an Animal Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
The Effects of LW-AFC on Intestinal Microbiome in Senescence-Accelerated Mouse Prone 8 Strain, a Mouse Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
Intranasal Administration of a Polyethylenimine-Conjugated Scavenger Peptide Reduces Amyloid-β Accumulation in a Mouse Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
[Therapeutic strategies for Alzheimer disease based on endoplasmic reticulum stress].
Vascular and degenerative processes differentially affect regional interhemispheric connections in normal aging, mild cognitive impairment, and Alzheimer disease.
Altered serum glycomics in Alzheimer disease: a potential blood biomarker?
Preclinical Alzheimer disease: brain oxidative stress, Abeta peptide and proteomics.
[Amyloid Positron Emission Tomography in the Therapeutic Strategies for Alzheimer's Disease].
Neuroprotective effects of bergenin in Alzheimer's disease: Investigation through molecular docking, in vitro and in vivo studies.
Characterization of Amyloid-β Plaques and Autofluorescent Lipofuscin Aggregates in Alzheimer's Disease Brain: A Confocal Microscopy Approach.
Preanalytical variables and Alzheimer disease biomarker concentrations in cerebrospinal fluid.
Death Preparation and Boredom Reduction as Functions of Reminiscence in Alzheimer's Disease.
Application of advanced machine learning methods on resting-state fMRI network for identification of mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's disease.
PPARγ agonist pioglitazone improves cerebellar dysfunction at pre-Aβ deposition stage in APPswe/PS1dE9 Alzheimer's disease model mice.
Baseline CSF p-tau levels independently predict progression of hippocampal atrophy in Alzheimer disease.
Evidence of altered posteromedial cortical FMRI activity in subjects at risk for Alzheimer disease.
Sleep: A Novel Mechanistic Pathway, Biomarker, and Treatment Target in the Pathology of Alzheimer's Disease?
Principal components analysis of agitation outcomes in Alzheimer's disease.
Cerebral Responses to Acupuncture at GV24 and Bilateral GB13 in Rat Models of Alzheimer's Disease.
Early-stage attenuation of phase-amplitude coupling in the hippocampus and medial prefrontal cortex in a transgenic rat model of Alzheimer's disease.
Everyday cognition scales are related to cognitive function in the early stage of probable Alzheimer's disease and FDG-PET findings.
Seizure susceptibility in the APP/PS1 mouse model of Alzheimer's disease and relationship with amyloid β plaques.
Evaluation of a novel Serious Game based assessment tool for patients with Alzheimer's disease.
Biophysical interaction of resveratrol with sirtuin pathway: Significance in Alzheimer's disease.
Gene expression levels as endophenotypes in genome-wide association studies of Alzheimer disease.
Distinguishing early and late brain aging from the Alzheimer's disease spectrum: consistent morphological patterns across independent samples.
Multilingualism (but not always bilingualism) delays the onset of Alzheimer disease: evidence from a bilingual community.
Overexpression of Metallothionein-1 Modulates the Phenotype of the Tg2576 Mouse Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
Perception of change in sexual activity in Alzheimer's disease: views of people with dementia and their spouse-caregivers.
Generation of a human induced pluripotent stem cell line from a patient with a rare A673T variant in amyloid precursor protein gene that reduces the risk for Alzheimer's disease.
Estrogen-related receptor alpha is involved in Alzheimer's disease-like pathology.
A dual vaccine against influenza & Alzheimer's disease failed to enhance anti-β-amyloid antibody responses in mice with pre-existing virus specific memory.
Alzheimer's Disease Severity is Not Significantly Associated with Short Sleep: Survey by Actigraphy on 208 Mild and Moderate Alzheimer's Disease Patients.
Clinical features and APOE genotype of pathologically proven early-onset Alzheimer disease.
The Relationship between Obstructive Sleep Apnea and Alzheimer's Disease.
Sulforaphane Inhibits the Generation of Amyloid-β Oligomer and Promotes Spatial Learning and Memory in Alzheimer's Disease (PS1V97L) Transgenic Mice.
An Estimate of Attributable Cases of Alzheimer Disease and Vascular Dementia due to Modifiable Risk Factors: The Impact of Primary Prevention in Europe and in Italy.
Lipopolysaccharide-induced memory impairment in rats: a model of Alzheimer's disease.
α-Melanocyte Stimulating Hormone as a Potential Therapy for Alzheimer`s Disease.
Ethical Issues in the Development of Readiness Cohorts in Alzheimer's Disease Research.
Involvement of glucose related energy crisis and endoplasmic reticulum stress: Insinuation of streptozotocin induced Alzheimer's like pathology.
Beyond amyloid: getting real about nonamyloid targets in Alzheimer's disease.
Recombinant DNA vaccine against neurite outgrowth inhibitors attenuates behavioral deficits and decreases Abeta in an Alzheimer's disease mouse model.
Post-translational remodeling of ryanodine receptor induces calcium leak leading to Alzheimer's disease-like pathologies and cognitive deficits.
Cortical microstructure in young onset Alzheimer's disease using neurite orientation dispersion and density imaging.
"The Memory of Beauty" Survives Alzheimer's Disease (but Cannot Help Memory).
Reduced TRPC6 mRNA levels in the blood cells of patients with Alzheimer's disease and mild cognitive impairment.
Predicting Cognitive Decline across Four Decades in Mutation Carriers and Non-carriers in Autosomal-Dominant Alzheimer's Disease.
A quick test of cognitive speed in older adults with Alzheimer's disease and mild cognitive impairment: A preliminary behavioral and brain imaging study.
Protein kinase C -activating isophthalate derivatives mitigate Alzheimer's disease-related cellular alterations.
Sirtuin 1 and Alzheimer's disease: An up-to-date review.
Inhalational Alzheimer's disease: an unrecognized - and treatable - epidemic.
Longitudinal score prediction for Alzheimer's disease based on ensemble correntropy and spatial-temporal constraint.
Rho GTPases as therapeutic targets in Alzheimer's disease.
Peptides isolated from animal venom as a platform for new therapeutics for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease.
Intact Semantic Priming of Critical Lures in Alzheimer's Disease: Implications for False Memory.
Shared effects of the clusterin gene on the default mode network among individuals at risk for Alzheimer's disease.
Increased iPLA2 activity and levels of phosphorylated GSK3B in platelets are associated with donepezil treatment in Alzheimer's disease patients.
Alzheimer's disease: time to focus on the brain, not just molecules.
Atherosclerotic risk factors, vascular cognitive impairment, and Alzheimer disease.
T3D-959: A Multi-Faceted Disease Remedial Drug Candidate for the Treatment of Alzheimer's Disease.
Plasma and cerebrospinal fluid amyloid beta for the diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease dementia and other dementias in people with mild cognitive impairment (MCI).
Frontal White Matter Hyperintensity Is Associated with Verbal Aggressiveness in Elderly Women with Alzheimer Disease and Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment.
Glutamate Transporter GLT1 Expression in Alzheimer Disease and Dementia With Lewy Bodies.
Sulforaphane Upregulates the Heat Shock Protein Co-Chaperone CHIP and Clears Amyloid-β and Tau in a Mouse Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
GABA<sub>A</sub> receptor subunit expression changes in the human Alzheimer's disease hippocampus, subiculum, entorhinal cortex and superior temporal gyrus.
Increasing the salience of fluency cues does not reduce the recognition memory impairment in Alzheimer's disease!
Phosphorylation of tau protein at sites Ser(396-404) is one of the earliest events in Alzheimer's disease and Down syndrome.
Diagnosis of Cognitive Impairment Compatible with Early Diagnosis of Alzheimer's Disease. A Bayesian Network Model based on the Analysis of Oral Definitions of Semantic Categories.
MIND diet associated with reduced incidence of Alzheimer's disease.
Biliverdin reductase-A: a novel drug target for atorvastatin in a dog pre-clinical model of Alzheimer disease.
A pilot randomized controlled trial evaluating an integrated treatment of rivastigmine transdermal patch and cognitive stimulation in patients with Alzheimer's disease.
Positron emission tomography measurement of brain MAO-B inhibition in patients with Alzheimer's disease and elderly controls after oral administration of sembragiline.
Cognitive Effects of Soy Isoflavones in Patients with Alzheimer's Disease.
Donepezil-butylated hydroxytoluene (BHT) hybrids as Anti-Alzheimer's disease agents with cholinergic, antioxidant, and neuroprotective properties.
Formation of Toxic Oligomeric Assemblies of RNA-binding Protein: Musashi in Alzheimer's disease.
A perfect storm: Challenges encountered by family caregivers of persons with Alzheimer's disease during natural disasters.
BP variability and cognitive impairment: vascular risk factors for Alzheimer disease?
Tracking discourse complexity preceding Alzheimer's disease diagnosis: a case study comparing the press conferences of Presidents Ronald Reagan and George Herbert Walker Bush.
MH84 improves mitochondrial dysfunction in a mouse model of early Alzheimer's disease.
Docosahexaenoic Acid-Phosphatidylcholine Improves Cognitive Deficits in an Aβ23-35-Induced Alzheimer's Disease Rat Model.
Sirtuin 2 Inhibition Improves Cognitive Performance and Acts on Amyloid-β Protein Precursor Processing in Two Alzheimer's Disease Mouse Models.
Serotoninergic antidepressants positively affect platelet ADAM10 expression in patients with Alzheimer's disease.
Multi-target-directed ligands for treating Alzheimer's disease: Butyrylcholinesterase inhibitors displaying antioxidant and neuroprotective activities.
Modeling Disease Progression via Multisource Multitask Learners: A Case Study With Alzheimer's Disease.
PSEN1 Mutant iPSC-Derived Model Reveals Severe Astrocyte Pathology in Alzheimer's Disease.
Dysregulation of Elongation Factor 1A Expression is Correlated with Synaptic Plasticity Impairments in Alzheimer's Disease.
Locomotor activity, emotionality, sensori-motor gating, learning and memory in the APPswe/PS1dE9 mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Association of serum vascular endothelial growth factor levels and cerebral microbleeds in patients with Alzheimer's disease.
Prediction of Incipient Alzheimer's Disease Dementia in Patients with Mild Cognitive Impairment.
Type-1 interferon signaling mediates neuro-inflammatory events in models of Alzheimer's disease.
CRISPR Transcriptional Activation Analysis Unmasks an Occult γ-Secretase Processivity Defect in Familial Alzheimer's Disease Skin Fibroblasts.
Alzheimer disease and its management: a review.
Prevalence of Apolipoprotein E Polymorphisms in Alzheimer's Disease, Mild Cognitive Impairment, and Healthy Elderly: A Northern Greece Study.
Alzheimer's-related cortical atrophy is associated with postoperative delirium severity in persons without dementia.
Alzheimer disease: CSF levels of mitochondrial DNA-a new biomarker for preclinical Alzheimer disease?
The healthy ageing gene expression signature for Alzheimer's disease diagnosis: a random sampling perspective.
Differentiating pathologic delta from healthy physiologic delta in patients with Alzheimer disease.
Patient characteristics associated with screening positive for Alzheimer's disease and related dementia.
Differences in performance in CAMCOG-R domains between old and oldest old patients with Alzheimer's disease.
Alzheimer disease: which test is best?
Inverse occurrence of cancer and Alzheimer disease: a population-based incidence study.
Alzheimer disease: heightened emotional contagion in Alzheimer disease.
Cerebrospinal fluid and plasma biomarkers in Alzheimer disease.
Stress as risk factor for Alzheimer's disease.
PARK2 enhancement is able to compensate mitophagy alterations found in sporadic Alzheimer's disease.
Somatodendritic accumulation of Tau in Alzheimer's disease is promoted by Fyn-mediated local protein translation.
[From being a child to being ill; changes in thinking about Alzheimer's disease].
Atrophy patterns in early clinical stages across distinct phenotypes of Alzheimer's disease.
Elevated serum DDE and risk for Alzheimer disease--reply.
A deuterohemin peptide protects a transgenic Caenorhabditis elegans model of Alzheimer's disease by inhibiting Aβ<sub>1-42</sub> aggregation.
Benefits of use, and tolerance of, medium-chain triglyceride medical food in the management of Japanese patients with Alzheimer's disease: a prospective, open-label pilot study.
MicroRNAs as Therapeutic Targets for Alzheimer's Disease.
Brain imaging of neurovascular dysfunction in Alzheimer's disease.
GPR40 receptor activation leads to CREB phosphorylation and improves cognitive performance in an Alzheimer's disease mouse model.
A blood-based, 7-metabolite signature for the early diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease.
Quantitative susceptibility mapping to evaluate the early stage of Alzheimer's disease.
Functionalization and Characterization of Magnetic Nanoparticles for the Detection of Ferritin Accumulation in Alzheimer's Disease.
New semicarbazones as gorge-spanning ligands of acetylcholinesterase and potential new drugs against Alzheimer's disease: Synthesis, molecular modeling, NMR, and biological evaluation.
Redefining Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment as an Early Form of Alzheimer's Disease Based on Assessment of Memory Systems.
Methodological challenges in assessing the impact of comorbidities on costs in Alzheimer's disease clinical trials.
Targeting Neuroinflammation to Treat Alzheimer's Disease.
Genetic reduction of Nrf2 exacerbates cognitive deficits in a mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Alzheimer's disease and neurodegenerative diseases in France.
Dopamine loss alters the hippocampus-nucleus accumbens synaptic transmission in the Tg2576 mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Donepezil modulates the endogenous immune response: implications for Alzheimer's disease.
Soluble prion protein and its N-terminal fragment prevent impairment of synaptic plasticity by Aβ oligomers: Implications for novel therapeutic strategy in Alzheimer's disease.
Relationship between white matter lesions and regional cerebral blood flow changes during longitudinal follow up in Alzheimer's disease.
Cognitive enhancement of volatile oil from the stems of Schisandra chinensis Baill. in Alzheimer's disease rats.
Granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor neuroprotective activities in Alzheimer's disease mice.
Cracking novel shared targets between epilepsy and Alzheimer's disease: need of the hour.
A benefit-finding intervention for family caregivers of persons with Alzheimer disease: study protocol of a randomized controlled trial.
The Arc Gene Confers Genetic Susceptibility to Alzheimer's Disease in Han Chinese.
Correlations among age, cognitive impairment, and comorbidities in Alzheimer's disease: report from a center for cognitive disorders.
Clinical utility and applicability of biomarker-based diagnostic criteria for Alzheimer's disease: a BeDeCo survey.
Modulators of Acetylcholinesterase Activity: From Alzheimer's Disease to Anti-Cancer Drugs.
The investigation and comparison of the underlying needs of common disruptive behaviours in patients with Alzheimer's disease.
Reduction of epileptiform activity by valproic acid in a mouse model of Alzheimer's disease is not long-lasting after treatment discontinuation.
Neurophysiological signatures of Alzheimer's disease and frontotemporal lobar degeneration: pathology versus phenotype.
Anxiety as a risk factor of Alzheimer's disease and vascular dementia.
The prion-like propagation hypothesis in Alzheimer's and Parkinson's disease.
Alzheimer's disease.
Strikingly reduced amyloid burden and improved behavioral performance in Alzheimer's disease mice immunized with recombinant chimeric vaccines by hexavalent foldable Aβ₁₋₁₅ fused to toxin-derived carrier proteins.
Extrapyramidal signs before and after diagnosis of incident Alzheimer disease in a prospective population study.
Neuropsychological Measures that Predict Progression from Mild Cognitive Impairment to Alzheimer's type dementia in Older Adults: a Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Alzheimer's disease: An overview of amyloid beta dependent pathogenesis and its therapeutic implications along with in silico approaches emphasizing the role of natural products.
A core avenue for transcultural research on dementia: on the cross-linguistic generalization of language-related effects in Alzheimer's disease and Parkinson's disease.
Cardiovascular and metabolic comorbidities in patients with Alzheimer's disease and vascular dementia compared to a psychiatric control cohort.
Alzheimer's disease in the omics era.
Does inflammation precede tau aggregation in early Alzheimer's disease? A PET study.
Levels of retinal IAPP are altered in Alzheimer's disease patients and correlate with vascular changes and hippocampal IAPP levels.
Cortical Thickness Estimations of FreeSurfer and the CAT12 Toolbox in Patients with Alzheimer's Disease and Healthy Controls.
Curcumin in Alzheimer's disease: Can we think to new strategies and perspectives for this molecule?
Elderly apolipoprotein E‑/‑ mice with advanced atherosclerotic lesions in the aorta do not develop Alzheimer's disease-like pathologies.
Clinical and biomarker changes in dominantly inherited Alzheimer's disease.
Neutralization of TNFSF10 ameliorates functional outcome in a murine model of Alzheimer's disease.
Newspaper Coverage of Alzheimer's Disease: Comparing Online Newspapers in Hebrew and Arabic across Time.
HLA-A2 Alleles Mediate Alzheimer's Disease by Altering Hippocampal Volume.
Is the Use of Proton-pump Inhibitors a Risk Factor for Alzheimer's Disease? Molecular Mechanisms and Clinical Implications.
Reactive astrocytes in Alzheimer's disease: A double-edged sword.
[Alzheimer's disease from Auguste Deter to the present : Progress, disappointments and open questions].
Characterization of pathogenic SORL1 genetic variants for association with Alzheimer's disease: a clinical interpretation strategy.
Somatostatin, tau, and beta-amyloid within the anterior olfactory nucleus in Alzheimer disease.
Obstructive sleep apnoea and Alzheimer's disease: In search of shared pathomechanisms.
A brief instrument to assess treatment response in the patient with advanced Alzheimer disease.
Occupational Complexity and Cognitive Reserve in a Middle-Aged Cohort at Risk for Alzheimer's Disease.
Design, Synthesis, Molecular Docking, and Cholinesterase Inhibitory Potential of Phthalimide-Dithiocarbamate Hybrids as New Agents for Treatment of Alzheimer's Disease.
Exome sequencing in an Italian family with Alzheimer's disease points to a role for seizure-related gene 6 (SEZ6) rare variant R615H.
Alzheimer's senile plaque as shown by microcryodissection, a new technique for dissociating tissue structures.
Age Progression of Neuropathological Markers in the Brain of the Chilean Rodent Octodon degus, a Natural Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
Differential alteration of hippocampal function and plasticity in females and males of the APPxPS1 mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Whole-food diet worsened cognitive dysfunction in an Alzheimer's disease mouse model.
Vascular amyloidosis impairs the gliovascular unit in a mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Effect of deoxyribonuclease I treatment for dementia in end-stage Alzheimer's disease: a case report.
Quantification of molecular interactions between ApoE, amyloid-beta (Aβ) and laminin: Relevance to accumulation of Aβ in Alzheimer's disease.
Heart diseases and long-term risk of dementia and Alzheimer's disease: a population-based CAIDE study.
Characterization of brain anatomical patterns by comparing region intensity distributions: Applications to the description of Alzheimer's disease.
Reduced presynaptic vesicle stores mediate cellular and network plasticity defects in an early-stage mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Retinal fluorescence lifetime imaging ophthalmoscopy measures depend on the severity of Alzheimer's disease.
Impact of cognitive reserve on the progression of mild cognitive impairment to Alzheimer's disease in Japan.
The Alzheimer's disease-associated TREM2 gene is regulated by p53 tumor suppressor protein.
Discovery of δ-sultone-fused pyrazoles for treating Alzheimer's disease: Design, synthesis, biological evaluation and SAR studies.
Physical activity can improve cognition in patients with Alzheimer's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Effects of Tea Catechins on Alzheimer's Disease: Recent Updates and Perspectives.
Heat Shock Proteins in Alzheimer's Disease: Role and Targeting.
Increased Active OMI/HTRA2 Serine Protease Displays a Positive Correlation with Cholinergic Alterations in the Alzheimer's Disease Brain.
A Potential Role of Periodontal Inflammation in Alzheimer's Disease: A Review.
Comparison of the glycopattern alterations of mitochondrial proteins in cerebral cortex between rat Alzheimer's disease and the cerebral ischemia model.
A Novel Grading Biomarker for the Prediction of Conversion From Mild Cognitive Impairment to Alzheimer's Disease.
Cyclin dependent kinase 5: A novel avenue for Alzheimer's disease.
Old and new acetylcholinesterase inhibitors for Alzheimer's disease.
Association between Hippocampal Shape, Neuroinflammation, and Cognitive Decline in Alzheimer's Disease.
Sex-Related Reserve Hypothesis in Alzheimer's Disease: Changes in Cortical Thickness with a Five-Year Longitudinal Follow-Up.
A Novel Therapeutic Approach to Treat Alzheimer's Disease by Neurotrophic Support During the Period of Synaptic Compensation.
Expression Profiling of Cytokine, Cholinergic Markers, and Amyloid-β Deposition in the APPSWE/PS1dE9 Mouse Model of Alzheimer's Disease Pathology.
Erythromyeloid-Derived TREM2: A Major Determinant of Alzheimer's Disease Pathology in Down Syndrome.
Progression of Alzheimer's Disease: A Longitudinal Study in Norwegian Memory Clinics.
Association between naturally occurring anti-amyloid β autoantibodies and medial temporal lobe atrophy in Alzheimer's disease.
Design, synthesis, in-silico and biological evaluation of novel chalcone derivatives as multi-function agents for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease.
Evaluating Alzheimer's disease biomarkers as mediators of age-related cognitive decline.
TOMM40 poly-T repeat lengths, age of onset and psychosis risk in Alzheimer disease.
SEN1500, a novel oral amyloid-β aggregation inhibitor, attenuates brain pathology in a mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Beneficial effects of white wine polyphenols-enriched diet on Alzheimer's disease-like pathology.
Oleocanthal-rich extra-virgin olive oil enhances donepezil effect by reducing amyloid-β load and related toxicity in a mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Novel Multitarget-Directed Ligands Aiming at Symptoms and Causes of Alzheimer's Disease.
The impact of genetic counselors' use of facilitative strategies on cognitive and emotional processing of genetic risk disclosure for Alzheimer's disease.
Early alteration of distribution and activity of hippocampal type-1 cannabinoid receptor in Alzheimer's disease-like mice overexpressing the human mutant amyloid precursor protein.
Neuropsychological differences between men and women with Alzheimer's disease.
Inhibition of early upstream events in prodromal Alzheimer's disease by use of targeted antioxidants.
Biomarkers of Alzheimer's disease: the present and the future.
Amyloid Beta-Weighted Cortical Thickness: A New Imaging Biomarker in Alzheimer's Disease.
A review on the hybrids of hydroxycinnamic acid as multi-target-directed ligands against Alzheimer's disease.
Exposure to Aluminum in Daily Life and Alzheimer's Disease.
A Decade of Cerebrospinal Fluid Biomarkers for Alzheimer's Disease in Belgium.
Association between LRP1 C766T polymorphism and Alzheimer's disease susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Altered Neuroinflammation and Behavior after Traumatic Brain Injury in a Mouse Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
Plasma soluble neuregulin-1 as a diagnostic biomarker for Alzheimer's disease.
Selective Degeneration of Entorhinal-CA1 Synapses in Alzheimer's Disease via Activation of DAPK1.
Structural imaging biomarkers of Alzheimer's disease: predicting disease progression.
"Exceptional brain aging" without Alzheimer's disease: triggers, accelerators, and the net sum game.
Determination of inhibitory activities of enzymes, related to Alzheimer's disease and diabetes mellitus of plane tree (Platanus orientalis L.) extracts and their antioxidant, antimicrobial and anticancer activities.
Design, synthesis and evaluation of pterostilbene β-amino alcohol derivatives as multifunctional agents for Alzheimer's disease treatment.
Comparison of automated volumetry of the hippocampus using NeuroQuant® and visual assessment of the medial temporal lobe in Alzheimer's disease.
Cognitive and affective benefits of combination therapy with galantamine plus cognitive rehabilitation for Alzheimer's disease.
Different patterns of brain activation in normal aging and Alzheimer's disease from cognitional sight: meta analysis using activation likelihood estimation.
Integrative approach to sporadic Alzheimer's disease: deficiency of TYROBP in cerebral Aβ amyloidosis mouse normalizes clinical phenotype and complement subnetwork molecular pathology without reducing Aβ burden.
Interplay between the APOE Genotype and Possible Plasma Biomarkers in Alzheimer's Disease.
Platelet Tau Protein as a Potential Peripheral Biomarker in Alzheimer's Disease: An Explorative Study.
Voice Markers of Lexical Access in Mild Cognitive Impairment and Alzheimer's Disease.
Diminished CRE-Induced Plasticity is Linked to Memory Deficits in Familial Alzheimer's Disease Mice.
The biomarker-based diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease. 1-ethical and societal issues.
[Bioinks and in vitro neurovascular unit production - New prospects in Alzheimer's disease research].
Generation of induced pluripotent stem cell line (ZZUi0013-A) from a 65-year-old patient with a novel MEOX2 gene mutation in Alzheimer's disease.
Impaired chronic pain-like behaviour and altered opioidergic system in the TASTPM mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Alzheimer's Disease, Drosophila melanogaster and Polyphenols.
Population attributable fraction of modifiable risk factors for Alzheimer disease: A systematic review of systematic reviews.
SORL1 Variants in Familial Alzheimer's Disease.
MicroRNA Profiling of CSF Reveals Potential Biomarkers to Detect Alzheimer`s Disease.
[Effects of Acupuncture Stimulation of Bilateral "Hegu" (LI 4) and "Taichong" (LR 3) on Learning-memory Ability, Hippocampal AP 42 Expression and Inflammatory Cytokines in Rats with Alzheimer's Disease].
Alzheimer disease: functional dissection of CD33 locus implicates innate immune response in Alzheimer disease pathology.
Effects of SolCos model-based individual reminiscence on older adults with mild to moderate dementia due to Alzheimer disease: a pilot study.
History of medically treated diabetes and risk of Alzheimer disease in a nationwide case-control study.
5-LOX in Alzheimer's Disease: Potential Serum Marker and In Vitro Evidences for Rescue of Neurotoxicity by Its Inhibitor YWCS.
Therapies for Prevention and Treatment of Alzheimer's Disease.
Nuclear receptor agonist-driven modification of inflammation and amyloid pathology enhances and sustains cognitive improvements in a mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Association between advanced glycation end-products and functional performance in Alzheimer's disease and mixed dementia.
Cortical sources of resting state EEG rhythms are related to brain hypometabolism in subjects with Alzheimer's disease: an EEG-PET study.
Continuous and cyclic progesterone differentially interact with estradiol in the regulation of Alzheimer-like pathology in female 3xTransgenic-Alzheimer's disease mice.
Antioxidative and Neuroprotective Effects of Curcumin in an Alzheimer's Disease Rat Model Co-Treated with Intracerebroventricular Streptozotocin and Subcutaneous D-Galactose.
Using redescription mining to relate clinical and biological characteristics of cognitively impaired and Alzheimer's disease patients.
Pathological conformations involving the amino terminus of tau occur early in Alzheimer's disease and are differentially detected by monoclonal antibodies.
Avidity of antineurocytoskeletal antibodies in Alzheimer's disease patients.
Predictive testing and Alzheimer disease.
Alzheimer disease risk factors--reply.
Interaction Between Midlife Blood Glucose and APOE Genotype Predicts Later Alzheimer's Disease Pathology.
Mitochondrial Regulatory Pathways in the Pathogenesis of Alzheimer's Disease.
Dual-target anti-Alzheimer's disease agents with both iron ion chelating and monoamine oxidase-B inhibitory activity.
Presenilins as Drug Targets for Alzheimer's Disease-Recent Insights from Cell Biology and Electrophysiology as Novel Opportunities in Drug Development.
SIRT1, miR-132 and miR-212 link human longevity to Alzheimer's Disease.
BRCA1 may modulate neuronal cell cycle re-entry in Alzheimer disease.
Can ketones compensate for deteriorating brain glucose uptake during aging? Implications for the risk and treatment of Alzheimer's disease.
Gx-50 reduces β-amyloid-induced TNF-α, IL-1β, NO, and PGE2 expression and inhibits NF-κB signaling in a mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Central insulin dysregulation and energy dyshomeostasis in two mouse models of Alzheimer's disease.
Viral gene transfer of APPsα rescues synaptic failure in an Alzheimer's disease mouse model.
Efficacy of PPAR-γ agonist pioglitazone in mild Alzheimer disease.
Immunolocalization of Tom1 in relation to protein degradation systems in Alzheimer's disease.
Abnormal degree centrality in Alzheimer's disease patients with depression: A resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
TREM2 Maintains Microglial Metabolic Fitness in Alzheimer's Disease.
TREM2 variants in Alzheimer's disease.
Rare coding variants in the phospholipase D3 gene confer risk for Alzheimer's disease.
[The role of the basal forebrain cholinergic dysfunction in pathogenesis of declarative memory disorder in Alzheimer's disease].
Pathogenesis and Therapeutic Strategies in Alzheimer's Disease: From Brain to Periphery.
Oxidative Stress and Decreased Mitochondrial Superoxide Dismutase 2 and Peroxiredoxins 1 and 4 Based Mechanism of Concurrent Activation of AMPK and mTOR in Alzheimer's Disease.
Use of psychotropic medications in relation to neuropsychiatric symptoms, cognition and functional performance in Alzheimer's disease over a three-year period: Kuopio ALSOVA study.
Quantitative evaluation of tau PET tracers <sup>18</sup>F-THK5351 and <sup>18</sup>F-AV-1451 in Alzheimer's disease with standardized uptake value peak-alignment (SUVP) normalization.
Deletion of Type-2 Cannabinoid Receptor Induces Alzheimer's Disease-Like Tau Pathology and Memory Impairment Through AMPK/GSK3β Pathway.
Elucidating the Role of TREM2 in Alzheimer's Disease.
Vascular signaling abnormalities in Alzheimer disease.
Amyloid imaging with (18)F-florbetaben in Alzheimer disease and other dementias.
Amyloid-dependent and amyloid-independent stages of Alzheimer disease.
Identification and functional characterization of a putative IDE, C28F5.4 (ceIDE-1), in Caenorhabditis elegans: Implications for Alzheimer's disease.
Rapid multiplexed detection of beta-amyloid and total-tau as biomarkers for Alzheimer's disease in cerebrospinal fluid.
Widely targeted metabolomics of Alzheimer's disease postmortem cerebrospinal fluid based on 9-fluorenylmethyl chloroformate derivatized ultra-high performance liquid chromatography tandem mass spectrometry.
Factors affecting the appetites of persons with Alzheimer's disease and mild cognitive impairment.
Muscarinic and nicotinic acetylcholine receptor agonists: current scenario in Alzheimer's disease therapy.
Plasma phospho-tau181 increases with Alzheimer's disease clinical severity and is associated with tau- and amyloid-positron emission tomography.
Factors Influencing Successful Lumbar Puncture in Alzheimer Research.
Montreal cognitive assessment: validation study for mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer disease.
CSF Aβ<sub>1-42</sub>, but not p-Tau<sub>181</sub>, Predicted Progression from Amnestic MCI to Alzheimer's Disease Dementia.
Fused Group Lasso Regularized Multi-Task Feature Learning and Its Application to the Cognitive Performance Prediction of Alzheimer's Disease.
Cholinergic enhancement increases regional cerebral blood flow to the posterior cingulate cortex in mild Alzheimer's disease.
Role of ASK1/p38 Cascade in a Mouse Model of Alzheimer's Disease and Brain Aging.
Very low doses of muscimol and baclofen ameliorate cognitive deficits and regulate protein expression in the brain of a rat model of streptozocin-induced Alzheimer's disease.
Exercise decreases BACE and APP levels in the hippocampus of a rat model of Alzheimer's disease.
Monitoring of early diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease using the cellular prion protein and poly(pyrrole-2-carboxylic acid) modified electrode.
The role of nutrient-based epigenetic changes in buffering against stress, aging, and Alzheimer's disease.
How early can we predict Alzheimer's disease using computational anatomy?
Atherosclerosis, Hypertension, and Diabetes in Alzheimer's Disease, Vascular Dementia, and Mixed Dementia: Prevalence and Presentation.
The Integrated Alzheimer's Disease Rating Scale (iADRS) Findings from the EXPEDITION3 Trial.
Role of Genetics and Epigenetics in the Pathogenesis of Alzheimer's Disease and Frontotemporal Dementia.
Molecular and functional signatures in a novel Alzheimer's disease mouse model assessed by quantitative proteomics.
Alzheimer's Disease rs11767557 Variant Regulates EPHA1 Gene Expression Specifically in Human Whole Blood.
Amyloid Network Topology Characterizes the Progression of Alzheimer's Disease During the Predementia Stages.
Motor function deficits in the 12 month-old female 5xFAD mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
New tacrine-acridine hybrids as promising multifunctional drugs for potential treatment of Alzheimer's disease.
Combining viscoelasticity, diffusivity and volume of the hippocampus for the diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease based on magnetic resonance imaging.
Alpha1-chimaerin, a Rac1 GTPase-activating protein, is expressed at reduced mRNA levels in the brain of Alzheimer's disease patients.
Ocular changes in TgF344-AD rat model of Alzheimer's disease.
Tau passive immunization blocks seeding and spread of Alzheimer hyperphosphorylated Tau-induced pathology in 3 × Tg-AD mice.
Cerebrospinal Fluid Biomarkers for the Differential Diagnosis between Alzheimer's Disease and Frontotemporal Lobar Degeneration: Systematic Review, HSROC Analysis, and Confounding Factors.
Alterations in erythrocyte fatty acid composition in preclinical Alzheimer's disease.
Novel N-benzylpiperidine carboxamide derivatives as potential cholinesterase inhibitors for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease.
Aβ pathology downregulates brain mGluR5 density in a mouse model of Alzheimer.
Safety and changes in plasma and cerebrospinal fluid amyloid beta after a single administration of an amyloid beta monoclonal antibody in subjects with Alzheimer disease.
Positron emission tomography neuroimaging in neurodegenerative diseases: Alzheimer's disease, Parkinson's disease, and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
The roles of apolipoprotein E3 and CYP2D6 (rs1065852) gene polymorphisms in the predictability of responses to individualized therapy with donepezil in Han Chinese patients with Alzheimer's disease.
The central role of AMP-kinase and energy homeostasis impairment in Alzheimer's disease: a multifactor network analysis.
APP/Aβ structural diversity and Alzheimer's disease pathogenesis.
Noncognitive Behavioral Changes Associated With Alzheimer's Disease: Implications of Neuroimaging Findings.
Rivastigmine Improves Appetite by Increasing the Plasma Acyl/Des-Acyl Ghrelin Ratio and Cortisol in Alzheimer Disease.
sFRP-mediated Wnt sequestration as a potential therapeutic target for Alzheimer's disease.
The Alzheimer's Disease Neuroimaging Initiative 2 PET Core: 2015.
Developing Disease-Modifying Treatments in Alzheimer's Disease - A Perspective from Roche and Genentech.
Restoring calcium homeostasis to treat Alzheimer's disease: a future perspective.
[Meta-analysis of vitamin C, vitamin E and β-carotene levels in the plasma of Alzheimer's disease patients].
Human ApoE Isoforms Differentially Modulate Brain Glucose and Ketone Body Metabolism: Implications for Alzheimer's Disease Risk Reduction and Early Intervention.
APOE genotype and cognition in healthy individuals at risk of Alzheimer's disease: A review.
Intranasal insulin in Alzheimer's disease: Food for thought.
Connecting Alzheimer's disease to diabetes: Underlying mechanisms and potential therapeutic targets.
A cross-sectional comparison of brain glucose and ketone metabolism in cognitively healthy older adults, mild cognitive impairment and early Alzheimer's disease.
Mini-Cog for the diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease dementia and other dementias within a secondary care setting.
Meta-Analysis of Transcriptome Data Related to Hippocampus Biopsies and iPSC-Derived Neuronal Cells from Alzheimer's Disease Patients Reveals an Association with FOXA1 and FOXA2 Gene Regulatory Networks.
The role of neutrophil granule proteins in neuroinflammation and Alzheimer's disease.
A pharmacoeconomic evaluation of cholinesterase inhibitors and memantine for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease.
Plasma levels of soluble amyloid precursor protein β in symptomatic Alzheimer's disease.
Caregivers' attitude toward disclosure of Alzheimer's disease diagnosis in Urban China.
Alzheimer's disease and methanol toxicity (part 2): lessons from four rhesus macaques (Macaca mulatta) chronically fed methanol.
Synaptic degeneration and neurogranin in the pathophysiology of Alzheimer's disease.
Editorial: Towards New Approaches in Alzheimer's Research and Alzheimer's Disease.
Person-Based Versus Generalized Impulsivity Disinhibition in Frontotemporal Dementia and Alzheimer Disease.
Serum insulin-like growth factor-I and amyloid beta protein in Alzheimer's disease: relationship with cognitive function.
Amaryllidaceae alkaloids from Narcissus pseudonarcissus L. cv. Dutch Master as potential drugs in treatment of Alzheimer's disease.
A new scale measuring psychologic impact of genetic susceptibility testing for Alzheimer disease.
Acetylcholinesterase Inhibitor Donepezil Effects on Plasma β-Hydroxybutyrate Levels in the Treatment of Alzheimer's Disease.
Subjective Spatial Navigation Complaints - A Frequent Symptom Reported by Patients with Subjective Cognitive Decline, Mild Cognitive Impairment and Alzheimer's Disease.
Tau in Alzheimer's Disease: Mechanisms and Therapeutic Strategies.
Metformin - a Future Therapy for Neurodegenerative Diseases : Theme: Drug Discovery, Development and Delivery in Alzheimer's Disease Guest Editor: Davide Brambilla.
Synthesis and biological assessment of racemic benzochromenopyrimidinetriones as promising agents for Alzheimer's disease therapy.
Automatic analysis of medial temporal lobe atrophy from structural MRIs for the early assessment of Alzheimer disease.
Association of Early-Onset Alzheimer Disease With Elevated Low-Density Lipoprotein Cholesterol Levels and Rare Genetic Coding Variants of APOB.
Inhibition of glial hemichannels by boldine treatment reduces neuronal suffering in a murine model of Alzheimer's disease.
Repeat propofol anesthesia does not exacerbate plaque deposition or synapse loss in APP/PS1 Alzheimer's disease mice.
Membrane Aging as the Real Culprit of Alzheimer's Disease: Modification of a Hypothesis.
Loss of kallikrein-related peptidase 7 exacerbates amyloid pathology in Alzheimer's disease model mice.
NSAIDs prevent, but do not reverse, neuronal cell cycle reentry in a mouse model of Alzheimer disease.
Estimation of lifetime risks of Alzheimer's disease dementia using biomarkers for preclinical disease.
Cataract may be a non-memory feature of Alzheimer's disease in older people.
An early dysregulation of FAK and MEK/ERK signaling pathways precedes the β-amyloid deposition in the olfactory bulb of APP/PS1 mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
[Perfusion brain SPECT and Alzheimer disease].
Targeted Assessment of Enlargement of the Perivascular Space in Alzheimer's Disease and Vascular Dementia Subtypes Implicates Astroglial Involvement Specific to Alzheimer's Disease.
Quantitative Amyloid Imaging in Autosomal Dominant Alzheimer's Disease: Results from the DIAN Study Group.
Circadian and Brain State Modulation of Network Hyperexcitability in Alzheimer's Disease.
Epileptic Prodromal Alzheimer's Disease, a Retrospective Study of 13 New Cases: Expanding the Spectrum of Alzheimer's Disease to an Epileptic Variant?
Satureja bachtiarica ameliorate beta-amyloid induced memory impairment, oxidative stress and cholinergic deficit in animal model of Alzheimer's disease.
Modeling the Relationships Among Late-Life Body Mass Index, Cerebrovascular Disease, and Alzheimer's Disease Neuropathology in an Autopsy Sample of 1,421 Subjects from the National Alzheimer's Coordinating Center Data Set.
Targeted delivery of nerve growth factor to the cholinergic basal forebrain of Alzheimer's disease patients: application of a second-generation encapsulated cell biodelivery device.
Changes in the plasma proteome at asymptomatic and symptomatic stages of autosomal dominant Alzheimer's disease.
Imaging characteristic of dual-phase (18)F-florbetapir (AV-45/Amyvid) PET for the concomitant detection of perfusion deficits and beta-amyloid deposition in Alzheimer's disease and mild cognitive impairment.
Evaluating Recall and Recognition Memory Using the Montreal Cognitive Assessment: Applicability for Alzheimer's and Huntington's Diseases.
Diagnostic Value of a Tablet-Based Drawing Task for Discrimination of Patients in the Early Course of Alzheimer's Disease from Healthy Individuals.
The Effects of Aerobic Exercise on Cognitive Function of Alzheimer's Disease Patients.
Novel upregulation of amyloid-β precursor protein (APP) by microRNA-346 via targeting of APP mRNA 5'-untranslated region: Implications in Alzheimer's disease.
Novel chelators based on adamantane-derived semicarbazones and hydrazones that target multiple hallmarks of Alzheimer's disease.
Meta-analysis confirms CR1, CLU, and PICALM as alzheimer disease risk loci and reveals interactions with APOE genotypes.
[Alzheimer's disease and Helicobacter pylori infection: a possible link?].
U1 snRNP Alteration and Neuronal Cell Cycle Reentry in Alzheimer Disease.
The long-lived Octodon degus as a rodent drug discovery model for Alzheimer's and other age-related diseases.
Fornical Closed-Loop Stimulation for Alzheimer's Disease.
Neuroinflammation in Alzheimer's disease: Pleiotropic roles for cytokines and neuronal pentraxins.
Anesthetic Isoflurane or Desflurane Plus Surgery Differently Affects Cognitive Function in Alzheimer's Disease Transgenic Mice.
Cognitive recovery and restoration of cell proliferation in the dentate gyrus in the 5XFAD transgenic mice model of Alzheimer's disease following 2-hydroxy-DHA treatment.
Downregulated serum miR-223 servers as biomarker in Alzheimer's disease.
Multi-target-directed therapeutic potential of 7-methoxytacrine-adamantylamine heterodimers in the Alzheimer's disease treatment.
Cerebral dopamine neurotrophic factor improves long-term memory in APP/PS1 transgenic mice modeling Alzheimer's disease as well as in wild-type mice.
Luteinizing-hormone releasing hormone therapy and the risk of death from Alzheimer disease.
Structural and functional patterns in healthy aging, mild cognitive impairment, and Alzheimer disease.
Alzheimer disease-like clinical phenotype in a family with FTDP-17 caused by a MAPT R406W mutation.
BAP31 deficiency contributes to the formation of amyloid-β plaques in Alzheimer's disease by reducing the stability of RTN3.
Voxel-level comparison of arterial spin-labeled perfusion MRI and FDG-PET in Alzheimer disease.
Processing of the synaptic cell adhesion molecule neurexin-3beta by Alzheimer disease alpha- and gamma-secretases.
Clinical Effects of Tramiprosate in APOE4/4 Homozygous Patients with Mild Alzheimer's Disease Suggest Disease Modification Potential.
Neuropsychiatric symptoms in patients with Alzheimer's disease with a vascular component.
Treatment with cholinesterase inhibitors and memantine of patients in the Alzheimer's Disease Neuroimaging Initiative.
Changes in Brain Volume with Bapineuzumab in Mild to Moderate Alzheimer's Disease.
The value of subtraction MRI in detection of amyloid-related imaging abnormalities with oedema or effusion in Alzheimer's patients: An interobserver study.
Use of dynamic (18)F-fluorodeoxyglucose positron emission tomography to investigate choroid plexus function in Alzheimer's disease.
THD-Module Extractor: An Application for CEN Module Extraction and Interesting Gene Identification for Alzheimer's Disease.
A Novel Presenilin 1 Mutation in Early-Onset Alzheimer's Disease With Prominent Frontal Features.
[Awareness and understanding of consent in Alzheimer's disease].
A critique of the drug discovery and phase 3 clinical programs targeting the amyloid hypothesis for Alzheimer disease.
Classification of Alzheimer's Disease Based on Eight-Layer Convolutional Neural Network with Leaky Rectified Linear Unit and Max Pooling.
Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Alzheimer's Disease: Overlapping Biologic Mechanisms and Environmental Risk Factors.
Small vessel disease is linked to disrupted structural network covariance in Alzheimer's disease.
Does taking statins affect the pathological burden in autopsy-confirmed Alzheimer's dementia?
Economic evaluation of the impact of memantine on time to nursing home admission in the treatment of Alzheimer disease.
Quantitative Metabolomics in Alzheimer's Disease: Technical Considerations for Improved Reproducibility.
Cerebrospinal Fluid C-C Motif Chemokine Ligand 2 Correlates with Brain Atrophy and Cognitive Impairment in Alzheimer's Disease.
Detection of β-Amyloid by Sialic Acid Coated Bovine Serum Albumin Magnetic Nanoparticles in a Mouse Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
NABi, a novel β-sheet breaker, inhibits Aβ aggregation and neuronal toxicity: Therapeutic implications for Alzheimer's disease.
The NGF Metabolic Pathway in the CNS and its Dysregulation in Down Syndrome and Alzheimer's Disease.
Mildronate improves cognition and reduces amyloid-β pathology in transgenic Alzheimer's disease mice.
Multinutrient diets improve cerebral perfusion and neuroprotection in a murine model of Alzheimer's disease.
First-In-Human safety and long-term exposure data for AAB-003 (PF-05236812) and biomarkers after intravenous infusions of escalating doses in patients with mild to moderate Alzheimer's disease.
The peroxisome proliferators activated receptor-gamma agonists as therapeutics for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease and mild-to-moderate Alzheimer's disease: a meta-analysis.
Comparison of imaging biomarkers for Alzheimer's disease: amyloid imaging with [18F]florbetapir positron emission tomography and magnetic resonance imaging voxel-based analysis for entorhinal cortex atrophy.
Dysregulation of the epigenetic landscape of normal aging in Alzheimer's disease.
Phospholipase A2 activation as a therapeutic approach for cognitive enhancement in early-stage Alzheimer disease.
Integrative network analysis of nineteen brain regions identifies molecular signatures and networks underlying selective regional vulnerability to Alzheimer's disease.
Angiotensin IV Receptors Mediate the Cognitive and Cerebrovascular Benefits of Losartan in a Mouse Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
Long-term central pathology and cognitive impairment are exacerbated in a mixed model of Alzheimer's disease and type 2 diabetes.
Clinical effect of cerebrovascular atherosclerosis on cognition in Alzheimer's disease.
A Bacterial Component to Alzheimer's-Type Dementia Seen via a Systems Biology Approach that Links Iron Dysregulation and Inflammagen Shedding to Disease.
Dl-3-n-butylphthalide-induced upregulation of antioxidant defense is involved in the enhancement of cross talk between CREB and Nrf2 in an Alzheimer's disease mouse model.
Therapeutic strategies for Alzheimer's disease in clinical trials.
INPP5D rs35349669 polymorphism with late-onset Alzheimer's disease: A replication study and meta-analysis.
NLRP3 is activated in Alzheimer's disease and contributes to pathology in APP/PS1 mice.
Alzheimer's Disease: A Systemic Review of Substantial Therapeutic Targets and the Leading Multi-functional Molecules.
Astrocyte: An Innovative Approach for Alzheimer's Disease Therapy.
Regional staging of white matter signal abnormalities in aging and Alzheimer's disease.
Serum Protein-Based Profiles as Novel Biomarkers for the Diagnosis of Alzheimer's Disease.
[Effects of yarn polysaccharide on antioxidant capacity of mice with Alzheimer disease].
[Alzheimer disease and apathy].
The ethanol extract of Zizyphus jujuba var. spinosa seeds ameliorates the memory deficits in Alzheimer's disease model mice.
[Effect of acupuncture on the ultrastructure of neurons and astrocytes in the hippocampal dentate gyrus in rats with Alzheimer's disease induced by Aβ<sub>1-42</sub>].
Benzodiazepines and Alzheimer disease.
Benzodiazepine use and risk for Alzheimer disease.
Factors influencing confabulation in Japanese patients with Alzheimer's disease.
Pyridoxine exerts antioxidant effects in cell model of Alzheimer's disease via the Nrf-2/HO-1 pathway.
Tacripyrimidines, the first tacrine-dihydropyrimidine hybrids, as multi-target-directed ligands for Alzheimer's disease.
Can people with Alzheimer's disease improve their day-to-day functioning with a tablet computer?
The potential of virtual reality-based training to enhance the functional autonomy of Alzheimer's disease patients in cooking activities: A single case study.
Cannabinoid Receptor 2 Participates in Amyloid-β Processing in a Mouse Model of Alzheimer's Disease but Plays a Minor Role in the Therapeutic Properties of a Cannabis-Based Medicine.
Course and Determinants of Anosognosia in Alzheimer's Disease: A 12-Month Follow-up.
Biochemical and Radiological Markers of Alzheimer's Disease Progression.
The Streptomyces metabolite anhydroexfoliamycin ameliorates hallmarks of Alzheimer's disease in vitro and in vivo.
Smoking exacerbates amyloid pathology in a mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
A complex association between ABCA7 genotypes and blood lipid levels in Southern Chinese Han patients of sporadic Alzheimer's disease.
Activation of microglia and astrocytes: a roadway to neuroinflammation and Alzheimer's disease.
Cross-species translation of the Morris maze for Alzheimer's disease.
Targeting vascular amyloid in arterioles of Alzheimer disease transgenic mice with amyloid β protein antibody-coated nanoparticles.
Examining the potential clinical value of curcumin in the prevention and diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease.
Technology-Based Behavioral Interventions for Daily Activities and Supported Ambulation in People With Alzheimer's Disease.
Protein structures in Alzheimer's disease: The basis for rationale therapeutic design.
Central vascular disease and exacerbated pathology in a mixed model of type 2 diabetes and Alzheimer's disease.
Hyperbaric Oxygen and Ginkgo Biloba Extract Ameliorate Cognitive and Memory Impairment via Nuclear Factor Kappa-B Pathway in Rat Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
Verbal or Visual Memory Score and Regional Cerebral Blood Flow in Alzheimer Disease.
Beneficial effects of the β-secretase inhibitor GRL-8234 in 5XFAD Alzheimer's transgenic mice lessen during disease progression.
Tea polyphenols as multi-target therapeutics for Alzheimer's disease: An in silico study.
The selective positive allosteric M1 muscarinic receptor modulator PQCA attenuates learning and memory deficits in the Tg2576 Alzheimer's disease mouse model.
Data Platform for the Research and Prevention of Alzheimer's Disease.
Alzheimer's Disease as the Product of a Progressive Energy Deficiency Syndrome in the Central Nervous System: The Neuroenergetic Hypothesis.
TRPC Channels and Alzheimer's Disease.
Role of synaptic activity in the regulation of amyloid beta levels in Alzheimer's disease.
Atorvastatin May Correct Dyslipidemia in Adult Patients at Risk for Alzheimer's Disease Through an Anti-Inflammatory Pathway.
Yeast as a Model for Studies on Aβ Aggregation Toxicity in Alzheimer's Disease, Autophagic Responses, and Drug Screening.
Location of white matter changes and response to donepezil in patients with Alzheimer's disease: A retrospective and observational study.
Failed Alzheimer's trial does not kill leading theory of disease.
Association of apolipoproteins e4 and c1 with onset age and memory: a study of sporadic Alzheimer disease in Taiwan.
MicroRNA expression data analysis to identify key miRNAs associated with Alzheimer's disease.
Behavioral and SCN neurophysiological disruption in the Tg-SwDI mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Differences among patients with Alzheimer's disease, older adults with mild cognitive impairment and healthy older adults in finger dexterity.
Spanish version of the Mattis Dementia Rating Scale-2 for early detection of Alzheimer's disease and mild cognitive impairment.
Integration of transcriptomic and genomic data suggests candidate mechanisms for APOE4-mediated pathogenic action in Alzheimer's disease.
Recent Insights on Alzheimer's Disease Originating from Yeast Models.
Tau Proteins and Tauopathies in Alzheimer's Disease.
The utility of a network-based clustering method for dimension reduction of imaging and non-imaging biomarkers predictive of Alzheimer's disease.
The relation between disease severity and cost of caring for patients with Alzheimer disease in Canada.
Application of paraconsistent artificial neural networks as a method of aid in the diagnosis of Alzheimer disease.
