Asthma in Adults.
Prevalence and features of asthma-chronic obstructive pulmonary disease overlap in Northern Italy general population.
[Chinese guidelines for the diagnosis and treatment of allergic asthma (2019, the first edition)].
Fish-oil supplementation in pregnancy, child metabolomics and asthma risk.
Association of IL-13 rs20541 and rs1295686 variants with symptomatic asthma in a Saudi Arabian population.
Peak expiratory flow as an endpoint for clinical trials in asthma: a comparison with FEV<sub>1</sub>.
Effects of the home-based educational intervention on health outcomes among primarily Hispanic children with asthma: a quasi-experimental study.
Advanced Molecular Knowledge of Therapeutic Drugs and Natural Products Focusing on Inflammatory Cytokines in Asthma.
"Characteristics of patients admitted to emergency department for asthma attack: a real-LIFE study".
"You've got to breathe, you know" - asthma patients and carers' perceptions around purchase and use of asthma preventer medicines.
Spontaneous pneumomediastinum complicating severe acute asthma exacerbation in adult patients.
Protocol for the Wessex AsThma CoHort of difficult asthma (WATCH): a pragmatic real-life longitudinal study of difficult asthma in the clinic.
Chitinase-like protein YKL-40 correlates with inflammatory phenotypes, anti-asthma responsiveness and future exacerbations.
Rapid onset of effect of benralizumab on morning peak expiratory flow in severe, uncontrolled asthma.
Leukotriene A4 Hydrolase Activation and Leukotriene B4 Production by Eosinophils in Severe Asthma.
Associations between short-term exposure to fine particulate matter and acute exacerbation of asthma in Yancheng, China.
Association between indoor nitrous acid, outdoor nitrogen dioxide, and asthma attacks: results of a pilot study.
[Influence of five-in-one management mode on disease prevention and control of school children with asthma].
[The role of S100A8/RAGE and Caveolin-1 and the effect of roxithromycin on their expression in a rat model of neutrophilic asthma].
5-HT<sub>2</sub> receptor activation alleviates airway inflammation and structural remodeling in a chronic mouse asthma model.
Tezepelumab: a novel biological therapy for the treatment of severe uncontrolled asthma.
PM<sub>2.5</sub> exposure and cold stress exacerbates asthma in mice by increasing histone acetylation in IL-4 gene promoter in CD4<sup>+</sup> T cells.
Impacts of exposure to humidex on the risk of childhood asthma hospitalizations in Hefei, China: Effect modification by gender and age.
Identification of multiple dysregulated metabolic pathways by GC-MS-based profiling of liver tissue in mice with OVA-induced asthma exposed to PM<sub>2.5</sub>.
<i>Toxocara</i> sero-prevalence and its relationship with allergic asthma in asthmatic patients in north-eastern Iran.
Expression Levels of Predominant Adipokines and Activations of STAT3, STAT6 in an Experimental Mice Model of Obese Asthma.
Essential Medicines at the National Level: The Global Asthma Network's Essential Asthma Medicines Survey 2014.
Impact of community respiratory viral infections in urban children with asthma.
The Levels of Serum Biomarkers in Stable Asthma Patients with Comorbidities.
The Review of in Vitro and in Vivo Studies over the Glycyrrhizic Acid as Natural Remedy Option for Treatment of Allergic Asthma.
Prevalence and factors associated with asthma among adolescents and adults in Uganda: a general population based survey.
Impact of IgE sensitization and rhinitis on inflammatory biomarkers and lung function in adolescents with and without asthma.
Remotely Monitored Therapy and Nitric Oxide Suppression Identifies Nonadherence in Severe Asthma.
Asthma, asthma control and risk of acute myocardial infarction: HUNT study.
Genetic variants in 17q12-21 locus and childhood asthma in Brazil: Interaction with Varicella zoster virus seropositivity.
Role of Th2 cytokines on the onset of asthma induced by meta-xylene in mice.
Interference of miR-943-3p with secreted frizzled-related proteins4 (SFRP4) in an asthma mouse model.
Multimorbidity in Asthma, Allergic Conditions and COPD Increase Disease Severity, Drug Use and Costs: The Finnish Pharmacy Survey.
Differences in Adherence Barriers to Inhaled Medicines between Japanese Patients with Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease and Asthma Evaluated using the "Adherence Starts with Knowledge 20" (ASK-20) Questionnaire.
Vitamin D supplementation attenuates asthma development following traffic-related particulate matter exposure.
The Korean Version of the Test for Respiratory and Asthma Control in Kids (TRACK): Reliability and Validity.
Cannabidiol reduces airway inflammation and fibrosis in experimental allergic asthma.
Paediatric asthma prevalence: The first national population-based survey in Iran.
Examination of the cut-off values for a questionnaire used to evaluate asthma control in Japanese asthma patients.
Comparing the effect of pulmonary rehabilitation in patients with uncontrolled and partially controlled asthma.
Assessing health outcomes, quality of life, and healthcare use among school-age children with asthma.
Evaluation of clinically and physiologically atypical asthma: If it doesn't wheeze it may still be asthma.
Hair nicotine at 15 months old, tobacco exposure and wheeze or asthma from 15 months to 6 years old.
[A Difficult-to-Treat Asthma Bronchiale Is Not Necessarily a Severe Asthma].
[An assessment of the sublingual immunotherapy with Dermatophagoides farinae on asthma control level and pulmonary function of allergic asthma and rhinitis in adult patient].
Short-term effect of PM<sub>2.5</sub> on pediatric asthma incidence in Shanghai, China.
Microfibrillar-associated protein 4 in serum is associated with asthma in Danish adolescents and young adults.
Influence of environment on residence and selected demographic and clinical parameters of preschool children with IgE-dependent asthma.
[The clinical characteristics and airway inflammatory phenotypes in 35 patients with severe asthma].
Antagonistic effect of vitamin E on nAl<sub>2</sub>O<sub>3</sub>-induced exacerbation of Th2 and Th17-mediated allergic asthma via oxidative stress.
Dimethyl fumarate abrogates dust mite-induced allergic asthma by altering dendritic cell function.
Immunomodulatory asthma therapy in the equine animal model: A dose-response study and evaluation of a long-term effect.
Direct Costs of Asthma in a Referral Public Children's Hospital in Tehran, Iran.
Elevated Expression of Tim-3 and PD-1 Immune Checkpoint Receptors on T-CD4+ Lymphocytes of Patients with Asthma.
Temporarily quadrupling the dose of inhaled steroid to prevent asthma exacerbations: FAST.
Managing patients with severe asthma in Australia: Current challenges with the existing models of care.
Associations of residential exposure to agricultural pesticides with asthma prevalence in adolescence: The PIAMA birth cohort.
Impact of doxofylline compared to theophylline in asthma: A pooled analysis of functional and clinical outcomes from two multicentre, double-blind, randomized studies (DOROTHEO 1 and DOROTHEO 2).
The correlation between Runx3 and bronchial asthma.
Diagnosis of concomitant inducible laryngeal obstruction and asthma.
Perimenstrual asthma: Report of a case with therapeutic intervention of oral prednisone.
Family caregivers' reported nonadherence to the controller medication of asthma in children in Casablanca (Morocco): Extent and associated factors.
Trends in Racial and Ethnic Disparities in Childhood Asthma in Miami, Florida: 2005-2013.
Oxidative stress in asthma: Part of the puzzle.
Flexibility and strength training in asthma: A pilot study.
Prevalence of airway hyperresponsiveness and its seasonal variation in children with asthma.
[Clinical control status and quality of life in patients with chronic rhinosinusitis and asthma after endoscopic surgery].
Exosomes: A new approach to asthma pathology.
Use of Asthma APGAR Tools in Primary Care Practices: A Cluster-Randomized Controlled Trial.
Phenotype-Specific Therapeutic Effect of <i>Rhodiola wallichiana</i> var. <i>cholaensis</i> Combined with Dexamethasone on Experimental Murine Asthma and Its Comprehensive Pharmacological Mechanism.
Determinants of poorly controlled asthma among asthmatic patients in Jimma University Medical Center, Southwest Ethiopia: a case control study.
Soluble fibre supplementation with and without a probiotic in adults with asthma: A 7-day randomised, double blind, three way cross-over trial.
Tumstatin fragment selectively inhibits neutrophil infiltration in experimental asthma exacerbation.
Maternal Cytokine Profiles during Pregnancy Predict Asthma in Children of Mothers without Asthma.
Asthma diagnosis among children along an urban-rural gradient.
A functional splice variant associated with decreased asthma risk abolishes the ability of gasdermin B to induce epithelial cell pyroptosis.
Menopausal asthma-much ado about nothing? An observational study.
Trends in the Prevalence of Childhood Asthma in Seoul Metropolitan City, Korea: The Seoul Atopy ∙ Asthma-friendly School Project.
Pharmacogenetics of inhaled long-acting beta2-agonists in asthma: A systematic review.
The Effects of Short-Term and Very Short-Term Particulate Matter Exposure on Asthma-Related Hospital Visits: National Health Insurance Data.
Validation of the patient-completed asthma knowledge questionnaire (PAKQ).
Exposure to Indoor Mouldy Odour Increases the Risk of Asthma in Older Adults Living in Social Housing.
[Clinical study on asthma and aspirin asthma affecting chronic rhinosinusitis].
Defining Bronchial Asthma with Phosphoinositide 3-Kinase Delta Activation: Towards Endotype-Driven Management.
Asthma severity in four countries of Latin America.
Correlations of severity of asthma in children with body mass index, adiponectin and leptin.
Obesity affects peripheral lymphoid organs immune response in murine asthma model.
Sulforaphane treatment reverses corticosteroid resistance in a mixed granulocytic mouse model of asthma by upregulation of antioxidants and attenuation of Th17 immune responses in the airways.
Possible pathogenic roles of nitric oxide in asthma.
Implications of prostaglandin D2 and leukotrienes in exhaled breath condensates of asthma.
Cumulative Impact of Environmental Pollution and Population Vulnerability on Pediatric Asthma Hospitalizations: A Multilevel Analysis of CalEnviroScreen.
Immunological Factors Associated with Adult Asthma in the Aseer Region, Southwestern Saudi Arabia.
Association of IL1RL1 rs3771180 and TSLP rs1837253 variants with asthma in the Guangxi Zhuang population in China.
Global Initiative for Asthma 2016-derived asthma control with fluticasone propionate and salmeterol: A Gaining Optimal Asthma Control (GOAL) study reanalysis.
Real-world effectiveness evaluation of budesonide/formoterol Spiromax for the management of asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease in the UK.
Disconnect of type 2 biomarkers in severe asthma; dominated by FeNO as a predictor of exacerbations and periostin as predictor of reduced lung function.
Selecting the right biologic for your patients with severe asthma.
Early Life Weight Gain and Development of Childhood Asthma in a Prospective Birth Cohort.
Clinical and Pathologic Factors Predicting Future Asthma in Wheezing Children. A Longitudinal Study.
Rates of asthma exacerbations and mortality and associated factors in Uganda: a 2-year prospective cohort study.
Antibiotics in the first week of life were associated with atopic asthma at 12 years of age.
Chinese guidelines for childhood asthma 2016: Major updates, recommendations and key regional data.
School nurse asthma program reduces healthcare utilization in children with persistent asthma.
Assessing the value of the Meaningful Use Clinical Summary for patients and families with pediatric asthma.
Asthma exacerbations and socio-economic status in French adults with persistent asthma: A prospective cohort study.
Does Continuous Positive Airway Pressure (CPAP) treatment of obstructive sleep apnoea (OSA) improve asthma-related clinical outcomes in patients with co-existing conditions?- A systematic review.
A Charter to Improve Patient Care in Severe Asthma.
Is the consumption of fast foods associated with asthma or other allergic diseases?
Reduction in polyamine catabolism leads to spermine-mediated airway epithelial injury and induces asthma features.
Pregnancy-associated plasma protein-A (PAPP-A) levels in patients with severe allergic asthma are reduced by omalizumab.
The potential of anti-infectives and immunomodulators as therapies for asthma and asthma exacerbations.
Obesity/overweight and asthma control in LEBANESE adults: a cross-sectional study.
Association between Household Food Insecurity and Asthma in Korean Adults.
Effectiveness of the eCARE programme: a short message service for asthma monitoring.
The effect and burden modification of heating on adult asthma hospitalizations in Shijiazhuang: a time-series analysis.
Genomic mosaicism: A neglected factor that promotes variability in asthma diagnosis.
Role of angiotensin II type 1 (AT1) and type 2 (AT2) receptors in airway reactivity and inflammation in an allergic mouse model of asthma.
Perturbations of the arginine metabolome following exposures to traffic-related air pollution in a panel of commuters with and without asthma.
Inflammatory profile in optimally treated patients with adult versus early-onset asthma.
Combined impact of healthy lifestyle factors on risk of asthma, rhinoconjunctivitis and eczema in school children: ISAAC phase III.
Asthma and selective migration from farming environments in a three-generation cohort study.
Polydatin protects against ovalbumin-induced bronchial asthma in rats; involvement of urocortin and surfactant-D expression.
A randomised pragmatic trial of corticosteroid optimization in severe asthma using a composite biomarker algorithm to adjust corticosteroid dose versus standard care: study protocol for a randomised trial.
Pharmacoeconomics of Bronchial Asthma.
Effects of childhood exposure to PM<sub>2.5</sub> in a Memphis pediatric asthma cohort.
Geostatistical predictive modeling for asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease using socioeconomic and environmental determinants.
A national burden assessment of estimated pediatric asthma emergency department visits that may be attributed to elevated ozone levels associated with the presence of smoke.
Application of the community health worker model in adult asthma and COPD in the U.S.: a systematic review.
[Distribution of airway inflammation phenotype in patients with bronchial asthma and its correlation with control level].
Association between the First Occurrence of Asthma and Residential Greenness in Children and Teenagers in Taiwan.
Physical and socioeconomic impact of asthma in Nigeria: Experience of patients attending three tertiary hospitals.
Promoter Polymorphism (-308G/A) of Tumor Necrosis Factor-Alpha (<i>TNF-α</i>) Gene and Asthma Risk: An Updated Meta-Analysis.
Post-traumatic stress disorder and asthma risk: A nationwide longitudinal study.
Traffic related air pollution and the burden of childhood asthma in the contiguous United States in 2000 and 2010.
Association between fungal spore exposure in inner-city schools and asthma morbidity.
Bronchial Thermoplasty for Severe Asthma with Mucus Hypersecretion.
Uncontrolled asthma phenotypes defined from parameters using quantitative CT analysis.
Vitamin D status in pregnant women with asthma and its association with adverse respiratory outcomes during infancy.
Leptin receptor gene polymorphisms and sex modify the association between acetaminophen use and asthma among young adults: results from two observational studies.
Misdiagnosis of asthma and COPD and underuse of spirometry in primary care unselected patients.
"Kiss myAsthma": Using a participatory design approach to develop a self-management app with young people with asthma.
Estimating asthma control questionnaire (ACQ) scores from claims data.
Variation in asthma care at hospital discharge by race/ethnicity groups.
The impact of HIV on the prevalence of asthma in Uganda: a general population survey.
The concepts of asthma endotypes and phenotypes to guide current and novel treatment strategies.
Efficacy and safety of benralizumab for eosinophilic asthma: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
A computable phenotype for asthma case identification in adult and pediatric patients: External validation in the Chicago Area Patient-Outcomes Research Network (CAPriCORN).
Associations of atopy and asthma during aging of an adult population over a 20-year follow-up.
Health related quality of life in relation to asthma - Data from a cross sectional study.
Correlation of types of food and asthma diagnosis in childhood: A case-control study.
[Asthma and cocaine use].
Efficacy and safety of dupilumab for the treatment of uncontrolled asthma: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Evaluation of the psychometric properties of the Greek version of the Active Life with Asthma (Gr-ALMA) review: a descriptive methodological study.
A Review of Macrophage MicroRNAs' Role in Human Asthma.
Asthma in the Primary Care Setting.
Asthma in Schools: How School-Based Partnerships Improve Pediatric Asthma Care.
Extracellular DNA, Neutrophil Extracellular Traps, and Inflammasome Activation in Severe Asthma.
Small airway dysfunction may be an indicator of early asthma: findings from high-resolution CT.
Modern life makes children allergic. A cross-sectional study: associations of home environment and lifestyles with asthma and allergy among children in Tianjin region, China.
Childhood Asthma Inception and Progression: Role of Microbial Exposures, Susceptibility to Viruses and Early Allergic Sensitization.
Air Pollution/Irritants, Asthma Control, and Health-Related Quality of Life among 9/11-Exposed Individuals with Asthma.
A cross sectional survey to estimate prevalence and associated factors of asthma on Reunion Island, Indian Ocean.
Impact of the Allergic Asthma on Foot Health-Related Quality of Life and Depression: A Novel Case-Control Research.
Using a human-centered design approach for collaborative decision-making in pediatric asthma care.
New Directions in Pediatric Asthma.
Inner-City Asthma in Childhood.
Household dampness-related exposures in relation to childhood asthma and rhinitis in China: A multicentre observational study.
Asthma and academic performance in urban children.
Asthma mortality based on death certificates: A demographic survey in Kagawa, Japan.
Asthma, COPD, and home environments: Interventions with older adults.
The impact of therapy on the risk of asthma in type 2 diabetes.
The effects of endoscopic sinus surgery on pulmonary function in chronic rhinosinusitis patients with asthma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
African American ancestry contribution to asthma and atopic dermatitis.
Genetic risk of FCRL3 and FCRL5 polymorphisms in children with asthma and allergic rhinitis in a Chinese Han population.
Autophagy Activation in Asthma Airways Remodeling.
Elevated levels of interleukin-33 are associated with allergic and eosinophilic asthma.
Age and African-American race impact the validity and reliability of the asthma control test in persistent asthmatics.
An Integrative Transcriptomic and Metabolomic Study of Lung Function in Children With Asthma.
Passive Nocturnal Physiologic Monitoring Enables Early Detection of Exacerbations in Children with Asthma. A Proof-of-Concept Study.
Asthma severity and heterogeneity: Insights from prevalence trends and associated demographic variables and anthropometric indices among Israeli adolescents.
Improving the asthma disparity gap with legal advocacy? A qualitative study of patient-identified challenges to improve social and environmental factors that contribute to poorly controlled asthma.
Persistent variations in national asthma mortality, hospital admissions and prevalence by socioeconomic status and region in England.
Atopic asthma after rhinovirus-induced wheezing is associated with DNA methylation change in the SMAD3 gene promoter.
Barriers and facilitators to self-management of asthma in adolescents: An interview study to inform development of a novel intervention.
Sex differences in outcomes after discharge from Alberta emergency departments for asthma: A large population-based study.
Laps or lengths? The effects of different exercise programs on asthma control in children.
Excessive daytime sleepiness in asthma: What are the risk factors?
Exposure to Vitamin D Fortification Policy in Prenatal Life and the Risk of Childhood Asthma: Results From the D-Tect Study.
Severe asthma in Japan.
Impact of non-drug therapies on asthma control: A systematic review of the literature.
Bu-Shen-Yi-Qi formula ameliorates airway remodeling in murine chronic asthma by modulating airway inflammation and oxidative stress in the lung.
Biological treatments for severe asthma: A major advance in asthma care.
α-Galactosylceramide treatment before allergen sensitization promotes iNKT cell-mediated induction of Treg cells, preventing Th2 cell responses in murine asthma.
Characteristics of inner-city children with life-threatening asthma.
Role of transient receptor potential cation channel subfamily V member 1 (TRPV1) on ozone-exacerbated allergic asthma in mice.
Inner-City Asthma in Children.
Severe asthma in children: Evaluation and management.
Asthma Medication Prescribing Practices in Pediatric Office Visits.
Shared decision-making in the BREATHE asthma intervention trial: A research protocol.
Obesity, but not metabolic syndrome, as a risk factor for late-onset asthma in Japanese women.
Accuracy of objective tests for diagnosing adult asthma in symptomatic patients: A systematic literature review and hierarchical Bayesian latent-class meta-analysis.
Development of an asthma risk factors scale (ARFS) for risk assessment asthma screening in children.
CD26 and Asthma: a Comprehensive Review.
Fractional Exhaled Nitric Oxide for the Diagnosis of Childhood Asthma: a Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.
An ensemble learning method for asthma control level detection with leveraging medical knowledge-based classifier and supervised learning.
Bronchial Thermoplasty in Patients with Severe Uncontrolled Asthma: First Korean Cases.
Therapeutic Effect of <i>Dipsacus asperoides</i> C. Y. Cheng et T. M. Ai in Ovalbumin-Induced Murine Model of Asthma.
A cis-eQTL allele regulating reduced expression of CHI3L1 is associated with late-onset adult asthma in Japanese cohorts.
JAX2, an ethanol extract of Hyssopus cuspidatus Boriss, can prevent bronchial asthma by inhibiting MAPK/NF-κB inflammatory signaling.
An evaluation of roflumilast and PDE4 inhibitors with a focus on the treatment of asthma.
Limitations of the results from randomized clinical trials involving intravenous and nebulised magnesium sulphate in adults with severe acute asthma.
Non-type 2 inflammation in severe asthma is propelled by neutrophil cytoplasts and maintained by defective resolution.
Identification of multiple dysregulated metabolic pathways by GC-MS-based profiling of lung tissue in mice with PM<sub>2.5</sub>-induced asthma.
A randomised trial of vitamin D in acute-stage allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis complicating asthma.
Regulatory T cells regulate the distribution of natural killer T cells through CD39 signal transduction in asthma.
Cross-sectional associations of vitamin D status with asthma prevalence, exacerbations, and control in New Zealand adults.
Mast Cell-Mediated Orchestration of the Immune Responses in Human Allergic Asthma: Current Insights.
Understanding Asthma Phenotypes, Endotypes, and Mechanisms of Disease.
Associations between environmental heavy metal exposure and childhood asthma: A population-based study.
Cannabis-Associated Asthma and Allergies.
Efficacy and safety of Yu-Ping-Feng powder for asthma in children: a protocol of systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Acupuncture on treating asthma: A protocol for systematic review and meta analysis.
Intra-articular triamcinolone acetonide improves lung function in horses with severe asthma.
Dismantling the pathophysiology of asthma using imaging.
High health gain patients with asthma: a cross-sectional study analysing national Scottish data sets.
Pediatric asthma treatment: What to do when international guideline recommendations do not agree.
Association between daily ambient air pollution and respiratory symptoms in children with asthma and healthy children in western Japan.
Comorbid "treatable traits" in difficult asthma: Current evidence and clinical evaluation.
Interprofessional Pulmocheck care pathway: An innovative approach to managing pediatric asthma care in the Netherlands.
Smoking in the family is most predictive of the development of childhood asthma in preterm babies <30 weeks gestation: Results of the Respiratory Outcomes Study 2 (RESPOS2).
Seasonal patterns of Asthma medication fills among diverse populations of the United States.
Association between asthma and falls: A nationwide population-based study.
Reducing emergency department visits utilizing a primary care asthma specialty clinic in a high-risk patient population.
Effects of regular exercise on asthma control in young adults.
Assessing the impact of a remote digital coaching engagement program on patient-reported outcomes in asthma.
How Online Communities of People With Long-Term Conditions Function and Evolve: Network Analysis of the Structure and Dynamics of the Asthma UK and British Lung Foundation Online Communities.
Complex association patterns for inflammatory mediators in induced sputum from subjects with asthma.
Differential effects of obesity on eosinophilic vs. non-eosinophilic asthma subtypes.
National estimates of 30-day readmissions among children hospitalized for asthma in the United States.
Relationships between self-reported asthma and pulmonary function and various measures of obesity.
Omalizumab in non-allergic Asthma: A report of 13 cases.
Asthma management experiences of Australians who are native Arabic speakers.
Association between Soft Drink Consumption and Asthma among Qatari Adults.
Prevalence of asthma and other allergic conditions in adults in Khuzestan, southwest Iran, 2018.
Allergen Sensitization and Asthma Outcomes among World Trade Center Rescue and Recovery Workers.
Different sensitivities to ambient temperature between first- and re-admission childhood asthma cases in Hong Kong - A time series study.
Prepregnancy asthma and the subsequent risk of central nervous system defects in offspring.
Introduction of fish and other foods during infancy and risk of asthma in the All Babies In Southeast Sweden cohort study.
LncRNA-MEG3 functions as a competing endogenous RNA to regulate Treg/Th17 balance in patients with asthma by targeting microRNA-17/ RORγt.
Treatment of asthma in smokers: A questionnaire survey in Japanese clinical practice.
[The Effectiveness of Counseling Using Preventative Informational Sheets with Climate and Environmental Data from Insurance Pharmacies in Preventing Worsened Asthma Symptoms].
Development of a pediatric asthma predictive index for hospitalization.
Occupation and task as risk factors for asthma-related outcomes among healthcare workers in New York City.
Quality of life impairment due to chronic rhinosinusitis in asthmatics is mediated by asthma control.
Short-term impact of PM<sub>2.5</sub> on contemporaneous asthma medication use: Behavior and the value of pollution reductions.
Saxagliptin mitigates airway inflammation in a mouse model of acute asthma via modulation of NF-kB and TLR4.
Airway Microbiome in Different Inflammatory Phenotypes of Asthma: A Cross-Sectional Study in Northeast China.
Association between gaseous pollutants and emergency ambulance dispatches for asthma in Chengdu, China: a time-stratified case-crossover study.
Korean childhood asthma study (KAS): a prospective, observational cohort of Korean asthmatic children.
Use of Both Qualitative and Quantitative Methods to Estimate Meaningful Change Thresholds for Key Endpoints in Pediatric Asthma Trials.
Maternal levels of perfluoroalkyl substances (PFASs) during pregnancy and childhood allergy and asthma related outcomes and infections in the Norwegian Mother and Child (MoBa) cohort.
Quality of life of the family of children with asthma is not related to asthma severity.
The microbiome in asthma: Role in pathogenesis, phenotype, and response to treatment.
Better understanding the influence and complexity of beliefs on medication adherence in asthma.
Changes in the relationship between childhood asthma and ambient air pollution in Taiwan: Results from a nationwide survey repeated 5 years apart.
Demographic and neonatal risk factors for childhood asthma in the USA.
A traditional Chinese patent medicine-Suhuang zhike capsule for cough variant asthma in adults: A protocol of systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Prevalence of Asthma among Young Men Residing in Urban Areas with Different Sources of Air Pollution.
Electronic Cigarettes: Their Constituents and Potential Links to Asthma.
Physicians' preference for controller medication in mild persistent asthma.
DNA methylation levels associated with race and childhood asthma severity.
Consensus communication strategies to improve doctor-patient relationship in paediatric severe asthma.
The Asthma Controller Step-down Yardstick.
Bacterial biogeography of adult airways in atopic asthma.
Biological exacerbation clusters demonstrate asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease overlap with distinct mediator and microbiome profiles.
The pediatric asthma yardstick: Practical recommendations for a sustained step-up in asthma therapy for children with inadequately controlled asthma.
What do patients want from their asthma care doctors?
Usefulness of asthma predictive index in ascertaining asthma status of children using medical records: An explorative study.
Use of SNOMED CT® and LOINC® to standardize terminology for primary care asthma electronic health records.
Relationship of circulating chemerin and omentin levels with Th17 and Th9 cell immune responses in patients with asthma.
Systematic review and content analysis of asthma knowledge questionnaires: A focus on the knowledge surrounding acute exacerbation management.
Children with asthma and their caregivers help improve written asthma action plans: A pilot mixed-method study.
Medication use, sleep, and caregiver smoking status among urban children with asthma.
Exogenous sex steroid hormones and asthma in females: protocol for a population-based retrospective cohort study using a UK primary care database.
Working while unwell: Workplace impairment in people with severe asthma.
Environmental Concerns for Children with Asthma on the Navajo Nation.
The national burden of poorly controlled asthma, school absence and parental work loss among school-aged children in the United States.
Impact of shared decision making on asthma quality of life and asthma control among children.
Questionnaire Survey for Bronchial Asthma in Elderly Care Facilities.
Metabolomic Analysis of Serum Glycerophospholipid Levels in Eosinophilic and Neutrophilic Asthma.
Extent, trends, and determinants of controller/reliever balance in mild asthma: a 14-year population-based study.
An evaluation of the effects of saffron supplementation on the asthma clinical symptoms and asthma severity in patients with mild and moderate persistent allergic asthma: a double-blind, randomized placebo-controlled trial.
Association between ADAM33 polymorphisms and asthma risk: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association study in African-admixed populations across the Americas recapitulates asthma risk loci in non-African populations.
Factors Associated with Persistent Lower Respiratory Symptoms or Asthma among Residents Exposed to a Sulphur Stockpile Fire Incident.
Asthma patient satisfaction with different dry powder inhalers.
Adiponectin alleviates exacerbation of airway inflammation and oxidative stress in obesity-related asthma mice partly through AMPK signaling pathway.
Message in a bottle: How evidence-based medicine and a programme change model improved asthma management in a low-income emergency department in Papua New Guinea.
Mechanisms and Management of Asthma Exacerbations.
Prevalence of asthma in multiple sclerosis: A United States population-based study.
The short-term association between air pollution and childhood asthma hospital admissions in urban areas of Hefei City in China: A time-series study.
Question 3: Can we diagnose asthma in children under the age of 5 years?
[Patients in the IDEAL cohort: A snapshot of severe asthma in France].
The early detection of asthma based on blood gene expression.
A Transcriptomic Method to Determine Airway Immune Dysfunction in T2-High and T2-Low Asthma.
Interactions between polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and epoxide hydrolase 1 play roles in asthma.
Interleukin-7 gene polymorphism rs766736182 associates with the risk of asthma in children.
Anti-IL-5 in Mild Asthma Alters Rhinovirus-induced Macrophage, B-Cell, and Neutrophil Responses (MATERIAL). A Placebo-controlled, Double-Blind Study.
Lung Microbiome Is Influenced by the Environment and Asthmatic Status in an Equine Model of Asthma.
Polydatin attenuates reactive oxygen species-induced airway remodeling by promoting Nrf2-mediated antioxidant signaling in asthma mouse model.
Indoor air pollution aggravates asthma in Chinese children and induces the changes in serum level of miR-155.
Effects of ambient ozone concentrations with different averaging times on asthma exacerbations: A meta-analysis.
Probiotics, prebiotics, and synbiotics for the treatment of asthma: Protocol for a systematic review.
Longitudinal comparison of outcomes in patients with smoking-related asthma-COPD overlap and in non-smoking asthmatics with incomplete reversibility of airway obstruction.
A longitudinal study of cannabis use increasing the use of asthma medication in young Norwegian adults.
Timing of household food insecurity exposures and asthma in a cohort of US school-aged children.
DNA Methylation in Inflammatory Pathways Modifies the Association between BMI and Adult-Onset Non-Atopic Asthma.
Dilemmas and New Paradigms in Asthma Management.
Efficacy and safety of AZD7594, an inhaled non-steroidal selective glucocorticoid receptor modulator, in patients with asthma: a phase 2a randomized, double blind, placebo-controlled crossover trial.
A Novel Insight on Endotyping Heterogeneous Severe Asthma Based on Endoplasmic Reticulum Stress: Beyond the "Type 2/Non-Type 2 Dichotomy".
Role of Biologics in Asthma.
Exacerbation Patterns in Adults with Asthma in England. A Population-based Study.
Maternal history of miscarriages and measures of fertility in relation to childhood asthma.
Serum perfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) and risk of asthma and various allergies in adolescents. The Tromsø study Fit Futures in Northern Norway.
Omalizumab lowers asthma exacerbations, oral corticosteroid intake and blood eosinophils: Results of a 5-YEAR single-centre observational study.
Change in FEV<sub>1</sub> and Feno Measurements as Predictors of Future Asthma Outcomes in Children.
Pediatric asthma: An unmet need for more effective, focused treatments.
Role of Th17-cell related cytokines in geriatric asthma.
Asthma alleviates obesity in males through regulating metabolism and energy expenditure.
Ezrin, a Membrane Cytoskeleton Cross-Linker Protein, as a Marker of Epithelial Damage in Asthma.
Evaluating the role of mindfulness in terms of asthma-related outcomes and depression and anxiety symptoms among individuals with asthma.
Successful treatment of eosinophilic otitis media associated with severe bronchial asthma with an anti-IL-5 monoclonal antibody, mepolizumab.
Impact of two oral doses of 100,000 IU of vitamin D<sub>3</sub> in preschoolers with viral-induced asthma: a pilot randomised controlled trial.
African ancestry is associated with cluster-based childhood asthma subphenotypes.
Liberty Asthma QUEST: Phase 3 Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled, Parallel-Group Study to Evaluate Dupilumab Efficacy/Safety in Patients with Uncontrolled, Moderate-to-Severe Asthma.
Cytokine Responses to Rhinovirus and Development of Asthma, Allergic Sensitization, and Respiratory Infections during Childhood.
Vitamin D receptor variants and uncontrolled asthma.
Effects of human rhinovirus on epithelial barrier integrity and function in children with asthma.
The prevalence of asthma in Iranian adults: The first national survey and the most recent updates.
More than a decade follow-up in patients with severe or difficult-to-treat asthma: The Epidemiology and Natural History of Asthma: Outcomes and Treatment Regimens (TENOR) II.
Improving predictive asthma algorithms with modelled environment data for Scotland: an observational cohort study protocol.
Modelling the asthma phenotype: impact of cigarette smoke exposure.
Nasal DNA methylation is associated with childhood asthma.
Unique mechanisms of connective tissue growth factor regulation in airway smooth muscle in asthma: Relationship with airway remodelling.
Identification of patterns of factors preceding severe or life-threatening asthma exacerbations in a nationwide study.
Cat exposure in early life decreases asthma risk from the 17q21 high-risk variant.
Vitamin D in Asthma: Mechanisms of Action and Considerations for Clinical Trials.
Breastfeeding duration is inversely associated with asthma in Japanese children aged 3 years.
A cost-effectiveness threshold analysis of a multidisciplinary structured educational intervention in pediatric asthma.
Determination of asthma control using administrative data regarding short-acting beta-agonist inhaler purchase.
Effect of obesity on sinonasal disease in asthma.
Genetic association of ADAM33 polymorphisms with childhood asthma in Chinese Han population: A case-control study.
Use of dupilumab on the treatment of moderate-to-severe asthma: a systematic review.
The effectiveness of relaxation training in the quality of life and anxiety of patients with asthma.
[Magnesium and vitamin B<sub>2</sub> status of children with bronchial asthma and obesity].
Safety of tiotropium in patients with asthma.
Self-reported asthma diagnosis and mental health: Findings from the Collaborative Psychiatric Epidemiology Surveys.
Beneficial Effect of Early Intervention with Garenoxacin for Bacterial Infection-Induced Acute Exacerbation of Bronchial Asthma and Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease.
Association of plasma soluble CD14 level with asthma severity in adults: a case control study in China.
Urinary organic acids as biomarkers in the assessment of pulmonary function in children with asthma.
School and Community-based Nurse-led Asthma Interventions for School-aged Children and Their Parents: A Systematic Literature Review.
The Short-Term Effects of Ambient Air Pollutants on Childhood Asthma Hospitalization in Taiwan: A National Study.
Airway obstruction and bronchial reactivity from age 1 month until 13 years in children with asthma: A prospective birth cohort study.
Treatment, outcomes and costs of asthma exacerbations in Chilean children: a prospective multicenter observational study.
Effect of inhaled corticosteroids on serum periostin levels in adult patients with mild-moderate asthma.
Clinical Implications of Single Nucleotide Polymorphisms in Diagnosis of Asthma and its Subtypes.
The effect of neonatal maternal separation on short-chain fatty acids and airway inflammation in adult asthma mice.
Role of microRNA in severe asthma.
Secondhand Exposure to Aerosols From Electronic Nicotine Delivery Systems and Asthma Exacerbations Among Youth With Asthma.
Usefulness of serum biopterin as a predictive biomarker for childhood asthma control: A prospective cohort study.
Osteoprotegerin mediate RANK/RANKL signaling inhibition eases asthma inflammatory reaction by affecting the survival and function of dendritic cells.
Asthma, Eczema, and Food Allergy in Children Following Liver Transplantation.
Asthma phenotypes based on health services use for allergic diseases in a province-wide birth cohort.
Asthma diagnosis in infants and preschool children: a systematic review of clinical guidelines.
Association between quality of life, severity of asthma, sleep disorders and exercise capacity in children with asthma: a cross-sectional study.
Impact of Preeclampsia on the Relationship between Maternal Asthma and Offspring Asthma. An Observation from the VDAART Clinical Trial.
The PUFFinCA scale: development of an instrument for evaluating the primary care functions of family physicians in childhood asthma.
Dupilumab improves symptoms, quality of life, and productivity in uncontrolled persistent asthma.
Clinical Approach to the Therapy of Asthma-COPD Overlap.
Performance of the Asthma Impact on Quality of Life Scale (A-IQOLS) in diverse asthma research populations and demographic subgroups.
Gamma globulin replacement therapy in uncontrolled, severe asthma associated with humoral immunodeficiency: A series of five case reports.
Treatment adherence and level of control in moderate persistent asthma in children and adolescents treated with fluticasone and salmeterol.
Asthma prevalence disparities and differences in sociodemographic associations with asthma, between Native Hawaiian/Other Pacific Islander, Asian, and White adults in Hawaii - Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System (BRFSS), 2001-2010.
[PREVALENCE OF FUNCTIONAL DYSPEPSIA SYMPTOMS IN PATIENTS WITH ASTHMA].
[SWITCHING BIOLOGICS LED TO GOOD CONTROL IN SEVERE CHILDHOOD ASTHMA: A CASE REPORT].
[The influence of the aeropalinological factors of the aerial environment at the southern coast of the Crimea on the results of the spa and health resort-based treatment of the patients presenting with bronchial asthma].
Psychoemotic features, status of cognitive functions and assessment of bronchial asthma patients' quality of life.
Allergic rhinitis and asthma co-morbidity.
[Risk factors for uncontrolled asthma in adults].
Asthma: An Undermined State of Immunodeficiency.
Severe asthma in obese patients: Improvement of lung function after treatment with omalizumab.
Residential crowding and asthma in preschool children, a cross-sectional study.
A Novel Oral Glutarimide Derivative XC8 Suppresses Sephadex-Induced Lung Inflammation in Rats and Ovalbumin-induced Acute and Chronic Asthma in Guinea Pigs.
Prevalence of allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis among patients with severe bronchial asthma in a tertiary care hospital in Northern India.
Large care gaps in primary care management of asthma: a longitudinal practice audit.
Deducting MicroRNA-Mediated Changes Common in Bronchial Epithelial Cells of Asthma and Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease-A Next-Generation Sequencing-Guided Bioinformatic Approach.
A specific combined long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acid supplementation reverses fatty acid profile alterations in a mouse model of chronic asthma.
Status of metered dose inhaler technique among patients with asthma and its effect on asthma control in Northwest Ethiopia.
Galectin-3 enhances monocyte-derived macrophage efferocytosis of apoptotic granulocytes in asthma.
Systemic reaction rates with omalizumab, subcutaneous immunotherapy, and combination therapy in children with allergic asthma.
Clinical burden of asynchrony in patients with asthma when using metered-dose inhalers for control.
Chicago Public School nurses examine barriers to school asthma care coordination.
Moderate-to-severe asthma in individuals of European ancestry: a genome-wide association study.
Changes in the prevalence of asthma and related risk factors in adolescents: Three surveys between 1994 and 2015.
The impact of adenotonsillectomy on pediatric asthma.
Maternal vitamin D and E intakes in pregnancy and asthma to age 15 years: A cohort study.
Epithelial SERPINB10, a novel marker of airway eosinophilia in asthma, contributes to allergic airway inflammation.
Long-term exposure to ambient fine particles associated with asthma: A cross-sectional study among older adults in six low- and middle-income countries.
Thrombin lag time is increased in children with mild asthma.
Comparing Asthma Control Questionnaire (ACQ) and National Asthma Education and Prevention Program (NAEPP) asthma control criteria.
Anti-IL-5 treatments in patients with severe asthma by blood eosinophil thresholds: Indirect treatment comparison.
Type 2 Diabetes and Asthma: Systematic Review of the Bidirectional Relationship.
Prospective Open-Label Study of 48-Week Subcutaneous Administration of Mepolizumab in Japanese Patients With Severe Eosinophilic Asthma.
Asthma and health related quality of life in late midlife adults.
Outcomes of the Montana Asthma Home Visiting Program: A home-based asthma education program.
Novel Biological Therapies in Severe Asthma: Targeting the Right Trait.
Predictors of reversible airway obstruction with omalizumab in severe asthma: a real-life study.
Essential oil of Croton Zehntneri attenuates lung injury in the OVA-induced asthma model.
Effects of Nerve Growth Factor shRNA Inhibition on Asthma Phenotypes in a Mouse Model of Asthma.
Ambient Air Pollution and Asthma-Related Outcomes in Children of Color of the USA: a Scoping Review of Literature Published Between 2013 and 2017.
Challenges in the treatment of asthma in children and adolescents.
Guideline on management of the acute asthma attack in children by Italian Society of Pediatrics.
The role of HDAC2 in cigarette smoke-induced airway inflammation in a murine model of asthma and the effect of intervention with roxithromycin.
Managing problematic severe asthma: beyond the guidelines.
Gamma tocopherol-enriched supplement reduces sputum eosinophilia and endotoxin-induced sputum neutrophilia in volunteers with asthma.
Correlation of induced sputum eosinophil levels with clinical parameters in mild and moderate persistent asthma in children aged 7-18 years.
Comparing executive functions between patients with chronic asthma and healthy subjects.
Thai pediatricians' current practice toward childhood asthma.
Hospitalizations for asthma among adults exposed to the September 11, 2001 World Trade Center terrorist attack.
Economic Cost of Asthma and Psychiatric Morbidity in Nigerian Patients with Asthma.
Increased risk of appendectomy in patients with asthma: A nested case-control study using a national sample cohort.
[The Childhood Asthma Control Test improves the therapeutic adaptations recommended for asthmatics aged 6 to 11 years in primary practice. A Randomized comparative prospective study].
Murine models of hapten-induced asthma.
Sex Bias in Asthma Prevalence and Pathogenesis.
The Role of the Microbiome in Asthma: The Gut⁻Lung Axis.
Is preterm birth associated with asthma among children from birth to 17 years old? -A study based on 2011-2012 US National Survey of Children's Health.
Dexamethasone versus prednisone for children receiving asthma treatment in the paediatric inpatient population: protocol for a feasibility randomised controlled trial.
Theory-Based Digital Interventions to Improve Asthma Self-Management Outcomes: Systematic Review.
shRNA-Induced Knockdown of a Bioinformatically Predicted Target IL10 Influences Functional Parameters in Spontaneously Hypertensive Rats with Asthma.
Clinical Issues in Severe Asthma: Debates and Discussions About Personalizing Patient Management.
Small Animal Models of Respiratory Viral Infection Related to Asthma.
Asthma features in severe COPD: Identifying treatable traits.
Asthma control in preschool children with small airway function as measured by IOS and fractional exhaled nitric oxide.
Use and inhalation technique of inhaled medication in patients with asthma and COPD: data from a randomized controlled trial.
[Diving and asthma: Literature review].
Risk of asthma onset after natural and surgical menopause: Results from the French E3N cohort.
Daily inhaled corticosteroids or montelukast for preschoolers with asthma or recurrent wheezing: A systematic review.
Randomised controlled trials in severe asthma: selection by phenotype or stereotype.
Petiveria alliacea Suppresses Airway Inflammation and Allergen-Specific Th2 Responses in Ovalbumin-Sensitized Murine Model of Asthma.
Adherence to medication in children and adolescents with asthma: methods for monitoring and intervention.
Leptin gene polymorphism affects leptin level in childhood asthma.
Recognition of the peripheral airway impairment phenotype in children with well-controlled asthma.
Monocytes accumulate in the airways of children with fatal asthma.
Annexin A5 Protein as a Potential Biomarker for the Diagnosis of Asthma.
Associations of tumor necrosis factor-α polymorphisms with the risk of asthma: a meta-analysis.
Neutrophils induce smooth muscle hyperplasia via neutrophil elastase-induced FGF-2 in a mouse model of asthma with mixed inflammation.
Association between diabetes and asthma: Evidence from a nationwide Korean study.
Novel eosinophilic gene expression networks associated with IgE in two distinct asthma populations.
Predictors of Asthma/COPD Overlap in FDNY Firefighters With World Trade Center Dust Exposure: A Longitudinal Study.
Does allergy explain why some children have severe asthma?
Tailoring asthma treatment on eosinophilic markers (exhaled nitric oxide or sputum eosinophils): a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Allergen-induced activation of natural killer cells represents an early-life immune response in the development of allergic asthma.
The efficacy and safety of long-term add-on treatment of azithromycin in asthma: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Inhaled steroids with and without regular formoterol for asthma: serious adverse events.
Budesonide-formoterol reliever therapy versus maintenance budesonide plus terbutaline reliever therapy in adults with mild to moderate asthma (PRACTICAL): a 52-week, open-label, multicentre, superiority, randomised controlled trial.
An evaluation of fevipiprant for the treatment of asthma: a promising new therapy?
Knowledge and perceptions on childhood asthma among care-takers of children with asthma at a National Referral Hospital in Western Kenya: a descriptive study.
An Open-Label, Multi-Institutional, Randomized Study to Evaluate the Additive Effect of a Leukotriene Receptor Antagonist on Cough Score in Patients with Cough-Variant Asthma Being Treated with Inhaled Corticosteroids.
Resveratrol Attenuates Allergic Asthma and Associated Inflammation in the Lungs Through Regulation of miRNA-34a That Targets FoxP3 in Mice.
Evaluation of cardiac biomarkers in children with acute severe bronchial Asthma-A prospective study from tertiary care center in northern India.
Relationship between Serum Omega-3 Fatty Acid and Asthma Endpoints.
The Protective Effects of 2,3,5,4'-Tetrahydroxystilbene-2-<i>O</i>-β-d-Glucoside in the OVA-Induced Asthma Mice Model.
Identification of deleterious and regulatory genomic variations in known asthma loci.
Molecular Relationships between Bronchial Asthma and Hypertension as Comorbid Diseases.
Prevalence of asthma and its management: A review.
Epidemiology of asthma and associated factors in an urban Pakistani population: adult asthma study-Karachi.
Eosinophilic asthma, according to a blood eosinophil criterion, is associated with disease severity and lack of control among underprivileged urban Brazilians.
Differentiation of adult severe asthma from difficult-to-treat asthma - Outcomes of a systematic assessment protocol.
An evaluation of the effect of saffron supplementation on the antibody titer to heat-shock protein (HSP) 70, hsCRP and spirometry test in patients with mild and moderate persistent allergic asthma: A triple-blind, randomized placebo-controlled trial.
Association between trace elements levels and asthma susceptibility.
Asthma and other allergic diseases in relation to suicidal behavior among South Korean adolescents.
Modulatory role of gabapentin against ovalbumin-induced asthma, bronchial and airway inflammation in mice.
Greater susceptibility of girls to airborne Benzo[a]pyrene for obesity-associated childhood asthma.
Beta 2 Adrenergic Receptor Genetic Polymorphisms in Bronchial Asthma: Relationship to Disease Risk, Severity, and Treatment Response.
A population-based birth cohort study of the association between childhood-onset asthma and exposure to industrial air pollutant emissions.
Differences in airway structural changes assessed by 3-dimensional computed tomography in asthma and asthma-chronic obstructive pulmonary disease overlap.
Influence of Adherence to Inhaled Corticosteroids and Inhaler Handling Errors on Asthma Control in a Japanese Population.
The effect of early growth patterns and lung function on the development of childhood asthma: a population based study.
Are condition-specific utilities more valid than generic preference-based ones in asthma? Evidence from a study comparing EQ-5D-3L and SF-6D with AQL-5D.
Systematic literature review of the clinical, humanistic, and economic burden associated with asthma uncontrolled by GINA Steps 4 or 5 treatment.
Increased expression of serum periostin and YKL40 in children with severe asthma and asthma exacerbation.
Managing Asthma in Pregnancy (MAP) trial: FENO levels and childhood asthma.
Epigenome analysis links gene regulatory elements in group 2 innate lymphocytes to asthma susceptibility.
Review and appraisal of guidelines for the management of asthma during pregnancy.
Pharmacists' views on the development of asthma pharmaceutical care model in Indonesia: A needs analysis study.
An integrated operational definition and conceptual model of asthma self-management in teens.
The relationship between asthma and depression in a community-based sample.
Investigating the Association of Orosomucoid 1-like 3 (ORMDL3) Gene Polymorphism (rs12603332) with Susceptibility to Allergic Asthma in Iranian Northwestern Azeri Population.
How Do Storms Affect Asthma?
Treatment of Allergic Rhinitis as a Strategy for Preventing Asthma.
Effects of traffic-related air pollution on susceptibility to infantile bronchiolitis and childhood asthma: A cohort study in Korea.
Improving Asthma-Related Outcomes Among Children Participating in the Head-Off Environmental Asthma in Louisiana (HEAL), Phase II Study.
A composite of exhaled LTB<sub>4</sub> , LXA<sub>4</sub> , FeNO, and FEV<sub>1</sub> as an "asthma classification ratio" characterizes childhood asthma.
Drawing asthma: An exploration of patients' perceptions and experiences.
Factors associated with adherence to asthma treatment with inhaled corticosteroids: A cross-sectional exploratory study.
[A follow-up study of six years' outcome of children with asthma in urban area of Beijing].
Mucus plugs in patients with asthma linked to eosinophilia and airflow obstruction.
Different functional genes of upper airway microbiome associated with natural course of childhood asthma.
Comparative features of Asthma with frequent or infrequent exacerbations: A longitudinal study of retrospective and prospective events.
Comparison of a rapid albuterol pathway with a standard pathway for the treatment of children with a moderate to severe asthma exacerbation in the emergency department.
Implementation of asthma clinical practice guidelines in primary care: A cross-sectional study based on the Knowledge-to-Action Cycle.
Upper airway and skin symptoms in allergic and non-allergic asthma: Results from the Swedish GA<sup>2</sup>LEN study.
Chuankezhi injection for asthma: Protocol of a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Targeted Therapy for Severe Asthma in Children and Adolescents: Current and Future Perspectives.
Neighborhood Social Conditions, Family Relationships, and Childhood Asthma.
Family Chaos and Asthma Control.
Prevalence, risk factors, and management of asthma in China: a national cross-sectional study.
STAT6 variants and non-atopic asthma in Pakistani population.
Effect of indoor air quality on the natural history of asthma in an urban population in Poland.
Pearls and pitfalls in the diagnosis of cough variant asthma.
Efficacy of <i>Lactobacillus</i> Administration in School-Age Children with Asthma: A Randomized, Placebo-Controlled Trial.
Children with Obesity and Asthma: Which Are the Best Options for Their Management?
Small, Prospective, Observational, Pilot Study in Patients with Severe Asthma after Discontinuation of Omalizumab Treatment.
Clinical and economic burden of severe asthma: A French cohort study.
Impact of patient satisfaction with his or her inhaler on adherence and asthma control.
Cross-sectional study on Asthma Insights and Management in the Gulf and Russia.
Retrospectively reported childhood adversity is associated with asthma and chronic bronchitis, independent of mental health.
Caesarean delivery, childhood asthma, and effect modification by sex: An observational study and meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of anti-interleukin-5 therapy in patients with asthma: A pairwise and Bayesian network meta-analysis.
Sleep and asthma.
GAS5 promotes airway smooth muscle cell proliferation in asthma via controlling miR-10a/BDNF signaling pathway.
Inhibition of H3K27me3 demethylases attenuates asthma by reversing the shift in airway smooth muscle phenotype.
Association of food allergy and decreased lung function in children and young adults with asthma.
MFG-E8/integrin β3 signaling contributes to airway inflammation response and airway remodeling in an ovalbumin-induced murine model of asthma.
Exposure to formaldehyde and diisononyl phthalate exacerbate neuroinflammation through NF-κB activation in a mouse asthma model.
High ambient levels of grass, weed and other pollen are associated with asthma admissions in children and adolescents: A large 5-year case-crossover study.
Thirdhand smoke component can exacerbate a mouse asthma model through mast cells.
Aryl hydrocarbon receptor activation by diesel exhaust particles mediates epithelium-derived cytokines expression in severe allergic asthma.
Effect of the anti-IL-17 antibody on allergic inflammation in an obesity-related asthma model.
Work aggravated asthma in Great Britain: a cross-sectional postal survey.
Urinary bisphenol A concentrations in relation to asthma in a sample of Egyptian children.
Objective confirmation of asthma diagnosis improves medication adherence.
Efficacy and safety of Chinese medicines for asthma: A systematic review protocol.
[Predictive significance of exhaled breath temperature for airway inflammation changes in children with asthma].
Asthma Hospitalizations Among Homeless Children in New York State.
Association of outdoor air pollution with the prevalence of asthma in children of Latin America and the Caribbean: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Impact of Operational Definitions on the Predictors and Prevalence of Asthma Estimates: Experience from a University Students' Survey and Implications for Interpretation of Disease Burden.
Antibiotic use in children with asthma: cohort study in UK and Dutch primary care databases.
Practical utility of general practice data capture and spatial analysis for understanding COPD and asthma.
Current opinions for the management of asthma associated with ear, nose and throat comorbidities.
Efficacy and safety of antagonists for chemoattractant receptor-homologous molecule expressed on Th2 cells in adult patients with asthma: a meta-analysis and systematic review.
Airway Remodeling in Asthma: Evaluation in 5 Consecutive Bronchial Generations by Using High-Resolution Computed Tomography.
Effectiveness of a short training program for community pharmacists to improve knowledge and practice of asthma counselling - A simulated patient study.
Validation of ATS clinical practice guideline cut-points for FeNO in asthma.
Looking for Airways Periostin in Severe Asthma: Could It Be Useful for Clustering Type 2 Endotype?
Concomitant diagnosis of asthma and COPD: a quantitative study in UK primary care.
Environmental risk factors for asthma in 13-14 year old African children.
Advances in asthma in 2017: Mechanisms, biologics, and genetics.
Gallic acid attenuates allergic airway inflammation via suppressed interleukin-33 and group 2 innate lymphoid cells in ovalbumin-induced asthma in mice.
Risk factors for chronic lung disease and asthma differ among children born extremely preterm.
Obesity-associated severe asthma in an adult Japanese population.
Gene expression data analysis identifies multiple deregulated pathways in patients with asthma.
Asthma and Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease Overlap in Women. Incidence and Risk Factors.
Continuous positive airway pressure for obstructive sleep apnoea does not improve asthma control.
The use of motivational interviewing in improving medication adherence for individuals with asthma: a systematic review.
Secondhand smoke exposure and asthma outcomes among African-American and Latino children with asthma.
Airway pathological heterogeneity in asthma: Visualization of disease microclusters using topological data analysis.
Health care access, concentrated poverty, and pediatric asthma hospital care use in California's San Joaquin Valley: A multilevel approach.
Regulatory Effect of Xiaoqinglong Decoction on Thymic Stromal Lymphopoietin (TSLP) Inflammation Promoter in Mice with Cold Asthma.
Clinical Course and Factors Associated with Asthma Control in Children under Control-based Asthma Management: A Prospective Study.
Automated chart review utilizing natural language processing algorithm for asthma predictive index.
Reports of wheezing and of diagnosed asthma are associated with impaired social functioning: Secondary analysis of the cross-sectional World Health Survey data.
House dust mite allergen causes certain features of steroid resistant asthma in high fat fed obese mice.
Response to omalizumab using patient enrichment criteria from trials of novel biologics in asthma.
Mucus hypersecretion in asthma is associated with rhinosinusitis, polyps and exacerbations.
Internet-Based Monitoring in the Severe Asthma Research Program Identifies a Subgroup of Patients With Labile Asthma Control.
Utilization of a patient-centered asthma passport tool in a subspecialty clinic.
Adolescent flourishing in relation to having asthma: Results from a population-based cross-sectional study.
School absence and productivity outcomes associated with childhood asthma in the USA.
Bariatric surgery: a potential cure for asthma?
Evaluation of a breathing retraining intervention to improve quality of life in asthma: quantitative process analysis of the BREATHE randomized controlled trial.
Pediatric asthma comprises different phenotypic clusters with unique nasal microbiotas.
Chronic asthma-induced behavioral and hippocampal neuronal morphological changes are concurrent with BDNF, cofilin1 and Cdc42/RhoA alterations in immature mice.
Diagnostic Accuracy of Bronchodilator Response for Asthma in a Population of South China.
National Analysis of State Health Policies on Students' Right to Self-Carry and Self-Administer Asthma Inhalers at School.
Investigating the relationships among neighborhood factors and asthma control in African American children: A study protocol.
The impact of maternal smoking during pregnancy on childhood asthma: adjusted for exposure misclassification; results from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey, 2011-2012.
A proposed scheme to cope with comorbidities in asthma.
MBD2-mediated Th17 differentiation in severe asthma is associated with impaired SOCS3 expression.
Prevalence of anaphylaxis among adults admitted to critical care for severe asthma exacerbation.
Determinants for asthma control, quality of life and use of complementary and alternative medicine in asthmatic pediatric patients in four cities.
Interleukin-17A and -17F single nucleotide polymorphisms associate with susceptibility of asthma in Chinese Han population.
Closing the gap: Understanding African American asthma knowledge and beliefs.
The effects of caregiver depression on childhood asthma: Pathways and mechanisms.
Associations between environmental quality and adult asthma prevalence in medical claims data.
Does lung microbiome play a causal or casual role in asthma?
Exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, vitamin D, and lung function in children with asthma.
Unconventional natural gas development and pediatric asthma hospitalizations in Pennsylvania.
Mahuang decoction mitigates airway inflammation and regulates IL-21/STAT3 signaling pathway in rat asthma model.
Agreement between asthma questionnaire and health care register data.
Health literacy in children with asthma: A systematic review.
Regulation of the IL-33/ST2 pathway contributes to the anti-inflammatory effect of acupuncture in the ovalbumin-induced murine asthma model.
Neonatal hyperoxia promotes asthma-like features through IL-33-dependent ILC2 responses.
Psychosocial working conditions as determinants of asthma self-management at work: A systematic review.
Sociodemographic Factors Mediate Race and Ethnicity-associated Childhood Asthma Health Disparities: a Longitudinal Analysis.
Obstruction phenotype as a predictor of asthma severity and instability in children.
Asthma, GERD and Obesity: Triangle of Inflammation.
Rapid Effect of Benralizumab for Hypereosinophilia in a Case of Severe Asthma with Eosinophilic Chronic Rhinosinusitis.
Farm-like indoor microbiota in non-farm homes protects children from asthma development.
Work-related stress and incident asthma and rhinitis: results from the SOLAR study.
[Pathogenesis of steroid-resistant asthma and the influence of vitamin D].
The nasal methylome as a biomarker of asthma and airway inflammation in children.
Asthma and Rotary-Wing Military Aircrew Selection.
Investigation of blood biomarkers for the diagnosis of mild to moderate asthma in horses.
Evaluation of the efficacy of nicotine in treatment of allergic asthma in BALB/c mice.
Re-evaluation of the diagnostic value of fractional exhaled nitric oxide & its impact in patients with asthma.
[Evaluation of vitamin D serum levels in asthmatic adults and their relationship with asthma control].
[Trends in asthma prevalence and its symptoms in Mexican late adolescents over a 7-year period].
Eosinophils Target Therapy for Severe Asthma: Critical Points.
Smartphone Applications for Encouraging Asthma Self-Management in Adolescents: A Systematic Review.
Childhood asthma is associated with COPD and known asthma variants in COPDGene: a genome-wide association study.
Anti-Inflammatory Activities of Pentaherbs formula and Its Influence on Gut Microbiota in Allergic Asthma.
Engaging patients and primary care providers in the design of novel opinion leader based interventions for acute asthma in the emergency department: a mixed methods study.
Tiotropium add-on to inhaled corticosteroids versus addition of long-acting β<sub>2</sub>-agonists for adults with asthma.
Impact of a single 10 min education session on asthma control as measured by ACT.
Increased pro-inflammatory cytokine-secreting regulatory T cells are correlated with the plasticity of T helper cell differentiation and reflect disease status in asthma.
[Association Between Fine Particulate Matter and Asthma Hospital Outpatient Visits in Hangzhou].
Challenges in the management of asthma associated with smoking-induced airway diseases.
Comparative Efficacy of Anti IL-4, IL-5 and IL-13 Drugs for Treatment of Eosinophilic Asthma: A Network Meta-analysis.
Association between asthma and migraine: A cross-sectional study of over 110 000 adolescents.
Experiences, expectations, and fears of adolescents with epilepsy or bronchial asthma.
Mechanisms of organophosphorus pesticide toxicity in the context of airway hyperreactivity and asthma.
Heterogeneity and the origins of asthma.
A bispecific antibody strategy to target multiple type 2 cytokines in asthma.
Short-term effect of air pollution on asthma patient visits in Shanghai area and assessment of economic costs.
Plasma metabolite profiles in children with current asthma.
Novel genes and insights in complete asthma remission: A genome-wide association study on clinical and complete asthma remission.
Underdiagnosis and Overdiagnosis of Asthma.
House Dust Mite Sublingual Immunotherapy for Pediatric Patients With Allergic Asthma.
Childhood asthma clusters reveal neutrophil-predominant phenotype with distinct gene expression.
Asthma and Fungus: Role in Allergic Bronchopulmonary Aspergillosis (ABPA) and Other Conditions.
Asthma - A Disease of How We Breathe: Role of Breathing Exercises and Pranayam.
Biomarkers for differentiation of patients with asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Implementation of a "real world" School-Based Asthma Therapy program targeting urban children with poorly controlled asthma.
Anxiety, Depression, and Asthma Control: Changes After Standardized Treatment.
Multiancestry association study identifies new asthma risk loci that colocalize with immune-cell enhancer marks.
FeNO and Exercise Testing in Children at Risk of Asthma.
Physical Activity and Exercise Capacity in Severe Asthma: Key Clinical Associations.
Asthma Cost-Effectiveness Analyses: Are We Using the Recommended Outcomes in Estimating Value?
Trends in Omalizumab Utilization for Asthma: Evidence of Suboptimal Patient Selection.
Validity of the Asthma Control Test Questionnaire Among Smoking Asthmatics.
Early control treatment with montelukast in preschool children with asthma: A randomized controlled trial.
Omalizumab versus Mepolizumab as add-on therapy in asthma patients not well controlled on at least an inhaled corticosteroid: A network meta-analysis.
Investigation of the relationship between asthma and subclinical atherosclerosis by carotid/femoral intima media and epicardial fat thickness measurement.
Prevalence and associated factors for self-reported asthma in a Canadian population: The Canadian Community Health Survey, 2014.
A Systematic Review of Associations of Physical Activity and Sedentary Time with Asthma Outcomes.
Increased Dose and Duration of Statin Use Is Associated with Decreased Asthma-Related Emergency Department Visits and Hospitalizations.
Inhaled Corticosteroids Safety and Adverse Effects in Patients with Asthma.
Basophil Membrane Expression of Epithelial Cytokine Receptors in Patients with Severe Asthma.
[The Chinese experts' consensus on the evaluation and management of asthma exacerbation].
Recommendations for the prevention and diagnosis of asthma in children: Evidence from international guidelines adapted for Mexico.
Distinct Phenotypes of Smokers with Fixed Airflow Limitation Identified by Cluster Analysis of Severe Asthma.
Development of a questionnaire to evaluate asthma control in Japanese asthma patients.
Features of asthma which provide meaningful insights for understanding the disease heterogeneity.
Natural Language Processing for Asthma Ascertainment in Different Practice Settings.
Mood disorders in adult asthma phenotypes.
The influence of comorbid asthma on the severity of symptoms in children with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder.
Increased IL-4- and IL-17-producing CD8<sup>+</sup> cells are related to decreased CD39<sup>+</sup>CD4<sup>+</sup>Foxp3<sup>+</sup> cells in allergic asthma.
Childhood asthma in Batumi, Georgia: Prevalence and environmental correlates.
Prevalence, determinants and clinical correlates of vitamin D deficiency in adults with inhaled corticosteroid-treated asthma in London, UK.
Analysis of the Relationship between Adult Asthma and Stroke: A Longitudinal Follow-Up Study Using the Korean National Sample Cohort.
Temporal evolution of and factors associated with asthma and wheezing in schoolchildren in Brazil.
[Intervention measures for maintenance of clinical control in the remission stage of childhood asthma].
Ambulatory Management of Childhood Asthma Using a Novel Self-management Application.
Relationship between parent mood and resilience and child health outcomes in pediatric asthma.
Diagnosis and management of asthma, COPD and asthma-COPD overlap among primary care physicians and respiratory/allergy specialists: A global survey.
[Correlation between expressions of myeloperoxidase and eosinophil cationic protein in sputum and clinical features of asthma-chronic obstructive pulmonary disease overlap].
Involvement and Possible Role of Eosinophils in Asthma Exacerbation.
A comparative analysis of errors in inhaler technique among COPD versus asthma patients.
The prostaglandin D<sub>2</sub> receptor 2 pathway in asthma: a key player in airway inflammation.
The association between paracetamol use and the risk of asthma, rhinitis and eczema in the Polish population.
Fra2 Overexpression in Mice Leads to Non-allergic Asthma Development in an IL-13 Dependent Manner.
A metagenome-wide association study of gut microbiota in asthma in UK adults.
Sulfated non-anticoagulant heparin blocks Th2-induced asthma by modulating the IL-4/signal transducer and activator of transcription 6/Janus kinase 1 pathway.
Changes in erythrocyte polyunsaturated fatty acids and plasma eicosanoids level in patients with asthma.
Predicting asthma in older adults on the basis of clinical history.
Commensal bacteria aggravate allergic asthma via NLRP3/IL-1β signaling in post-weaning mice.
Cost impact of monitoring exhaled nitric oxide in asthma management.
Prevalence of functional GI disorders among pediatric patients with persistent asthma.
Three-step algorithm for biological therapy targeted IgE and IL-5 in severe asthma.
Generating evidence to inform an update of asthma clinical practice guidelines: Perspectives from the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute.
Polymorphisms in the DAD1 and OXA1L genes are associated with asthma and atopy in a South American population.
Immunomodulatory effects of Thymol through modulation of redox status and trace element content in experimental model of asthma.
What is New in the Management of Childhood Asthma?
Predictors of repeated acute hospital attendance for asthma in children: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Inflammation and asthma control in children with comorbid obstructive sleep apnea.
Genetic profiles of transcriptomic clusters of childhood asthma determine specific severe subtype.
Severe Asthma: Challenges and Pitfalls in Management.
Wheeze trajectories are modifiable through early-life intervention and predict asthma in adolescence.
Asthma across the lifespan: Time for a paradigm shift.
Screening Spirometry in Military Personnel Correlates Poorly with Exercise Tolerance and Asthma History.
Clinical effect of corticosteroids in asthma-affected horses: A quantitative synthesis.
Asthma and Medicines - Long-Term Side-Effects, Monitoring and Dose Titration.
Asthma Exacerbation Coincident with Saddle Pulmonary Embolism and Paradoxical Embolism.
Differential expression of miR-155 and Let-7a in the plasma of childhood asthma: Potential biomarkers for diagnosis and severity.
Incorporating adherence in cost-effectiveness analyses of asthma: a systematic review.
Honey in Bronchial Asthma: From Folk Tales to Scientific Facts.
Asia Pacific survey of physicians on asthma and allergic rhinitis (ASPAIR): data from China.
Controller therapy in Asians and whites with persistent Asthma.
Exercise-induced bronchoconstriction in children with asthma: An observational cohort study.
At-risk children with asthma (ARC): a systematic review.
HFA-BDP Metered-Dose Inhaler Exhaled Through the Nose Improves Eosinophilic Chronic Rhinosinusitis With Bronchial Asthma: A Blinded, Placebo-Controlled Study.
Temporal and spatial associations between influenza and asthma hospitalisations in New York City from 2002 to 2012: a longitudinal ecological study.
Health characteristics of patients with asthma, COPD and asthma-COPD overlap in the NHANES database.
Asthma and the risk of prostate cancer.
Insights into frequent asthma exacerbations from a primary care perspective and the implications of UK National Review of Asthma Deaths recommendations.
Health care resource utilization and cost for asthma patients regularly treated with oral corticosteroids - a Swedish observational cohort study (PACEHR).
30-year trends in asthma and the trends in relation to hospitalization and mortality.
Association of Polymorphisms in DNA Repair Gene <i>XRCC3</i> with Asthma in Taiwan.
Human leukocyte antigen-G 3' untranslated region polymorphisms are associated with asthma severity.
Efficacy and effectiveness of omalizumab in the treatment of childhood asthma.
Asthma MicroRNA Regulome Development Using Validated miRNA-Target Interaction Visualization.
Seasonal variability of exacerbations of severe, uncontrolled eosinophilic asthma and clinical benefits of benralizumab.
Relationship between mold exposure, specific IgE sensitization, and clinical asthma: A case-control study.
Role of sublingual immunotherapy in the treatment of asthma: An updated systematic review.
Exertional dyspnea and operating lung volumes in asthma.
Between-Visit Variability in FEV<sub>1</sub> as a Diagnostic Test for Asthma in Adults.
Sputum-to-serum hydrogen sulphide ratio as a novel biomarker of predicting future risks of asthma exacerbation.
Implication of fraction of exhaled nitric oxide and blood eosinophil count in severe asthma.
Physical activity and asthma: cause or consequence? A bidirectional longitudinal analysis.
Reported Problems and Adherence in Using Asthma Medications Among Adolescents and Their Caregivers.
ILC2 frequency and activity are inhibited by glucocorticoid treatment via STAT pathway in patients with asthma.
The nasal microbiome in asthma.
Eosinophil-derived exosomes contribute to asthma remodelling by activating structural lung cells.
Experimental asthma persists in IL-33 receptor knockout mice because of the emergence of thymic stromal lymphopoietin-driven IL-9<sup>+</sup> and IL-13<sup>+</sup> type 2 innate lymphoid cell subpopulations.
Shared decision making and time to exacerbation in children with asthma.
A crucial role of the PD-1H coinhibitory receptor in suppressing experimental asthma.
Pro-Resolving Lipid Mediators in the Pathophysiology of Asthma.
Prospective predictors of exacerbation status in severe asthma over a 3-year follow-up.
Role of Epigenetics in the Pathogenesis of Asthma.
Association between Caregiver Exposure to Toxics during Pregnancy and Childhood-onset Asthma: A Case-control Study.
Exhaled breath condensate metabolome clusters for endotype discovery in asthma.
Airway remodelling and inflammation in asthma are dependent on the extracellular matrix protein fibulin-1c.
Identification of a plasma miRNA biomarker signature for allergic asthma: A translational approach.
Is asthma associated with cognitive impairments? A meta-analytic review.
Caregiver's depressive symptoms and asthma control in children from an underserved community.
IL-1β upregulates Muc5ac expression via NF-κB-induced HIF-1α in asthma.
How should treatment approaches differ depending on the severity of asthma?
Influences of environmental bacteria and their metabolites on allergies, asthma, and host microbiota.
Psychometric properties of a Chinese asthma quality of life questionnaire.
Novel monoclonal treatments in severe asthma.
Insulin use increases risk of asthma but metformin use reduces the risk in patients with diabetes in a Taiwanese population cohort.
Cognitive Functions in Patients with Clinically Stable (Mild to Moderate) Asthma in South West Nigeria: Assessment using Automated Neuropsychological Test Battery.
Dihydroartemisinin Ameliorated Ovalbumin-Induced Asthma in Mice via Regulation of MiR-183C.
Respiratory viral infection in early life and development of asthma in childhood: A protocol for systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Influence of post-traumatic stress disorder on asthma].
Upregulation of microRNA‑16 alters the response to inhaled β‑agonists in patients with asthma though modulating expression of ADRB2.
Identifying phenotypes and factors impacting outcomes in older adults with asthma: A research protocol and recruitment results.
Allergic Asthma Favors <i>Brucella</i> Growth in the Lungs of Infected Mice.
[Comparative characteristics of cytokine and IgE levels in patients with bronchial asthma of professional and non-professional genesis].
The effect of breastfeeding on the risk of asthma in high-risk children: a case-control study in Shanghai, China.
The use of intravenous versus subcutaneous monoclonal antibodies in the treatment of severe asthma: a review.
Tumor necrosis factor-alpha protein concentrations in bronchoalveolar lavage fluid from healthy horses and horses with severe equine asthma.
The role of miR-29c/B7-H3 axis in children with allergic asthma.
Is the EQ-5D fit for purpose in asthma? Acceptability and content validity from the patient perspective.
Increased blood levels of cellular fibronectin in asthma: Relation to the asthma severity, inflammation, and prothrombotic blood alterations.
Efficacy and safety of once-daily fluticasone furoate/vilanterol (FF/VI) versus twice-daily inhaled corticosteroids/long-acting β<sub>2</sub>-agonists (ICS/LABA) in patients with uncontrolled asthma: An open-label, randomized, controlled trial.
Ischemia-modified albumin levels in children with asthma: a pilot study.
Health Services Utilization in Asthma Exacerbations and PM<sub>10</sub> Levels in Rural Colorado.
25-hydroxyvitamin D and health service utilization for asthma in early childhood.
Pentraxin levels in non-eosinophilic versus eosinophilic asthma.
Benefits of pulmonary rehabilitation in pediatric asthma.
Cost-Effectiveness of Biological Asthma Treatments: A Systematic Review and Recommendations for Future Economic Evaluations.
miR-142-3p is associated with aberrant WNT signaling during airway remodeling in asthma.
Associations of ultra-processed food and drink products with asthma and wheezing among Brazilian adolescents.
Decreased epithelial and sputum miR-221-3p associates with airway eosinophilic inflammation and CXCL17 expression in asthma.
Prenatal and early-life antibiotic use and risk of childhood asthma: A retrospective cohort study.
Eosinophilic Esophagitis: an Important Comorbid Condition of Asthma?
Emodin alleviates alternatively activated macrophage and asthmatic airway inflammation in a murine asthma model.
Translating Asthma: Dissecting the Role of Metabolomics, Genomics and Personalized Medicine.
Tools in Asthma Evaluation and Management: When and How to Use Them?
Plasmacytoid dendritic cells drive acute asthma exacerbations.
Knowledge and practice assessment, and self reported barriers to guideline based asthma management among doctors in Nigeria.
Management/Comorbidities of School-Aged Children with Asthma.
The Effects of the Environment on Asthma Disease Activity.
Effect of San'ao decoction on aggravated asthma mice model induced by PM2.5 and TRPA1/TRPV1 expressions.
Screening instrument to identify skin prick test-negative patients with asthma and/or rhinitis.
Subcutaneous emphysema and pneumomediastinum in child with asthma revealing occult foreign body aspiration: a case report.
Fractional Exhaled Nitric Oxide (FeNO) Combined with Pulmonary Function Parameters Shows Increased Sensitivity and Specificity for the Diagnosis of Cough Variant Asthma in Children.
Association of Changes in Air Quality With Incident Asthma in Children in California, 1993-2014.
[A clinical follow-up study of children with well-controlled asthma after withdrawal of low-dose inhaled corticosteroids].
Sanao decoction for asthma: Protocol of a systematic review.
The all age asthma cohort (ALLIANCE) - from early beginnings to chronic disease: a longitudinal cohort study.
Study of Clinical Characteristics and Cytokine Profiles of Asthmatic Children with Rhinovirus Infection during Acute Asthma Exacerbation at National Hospital of Pediatrics.
[Effectiveness of Telemonitoring Intervention in Children and Adolescents with Asthma: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis].
What are the perceived influences on asthma self-management at the workplace? A qualitative study.
At-risk registers integrated into primary care to stop asthma crises in the UK (ARRISA-UK): study protocol for a pragmatic, cluster randomised trial with nested health economic and process evaluations.
Frequency of allergic asthma and common aeroallergens sensitization in Pakistani patients of bronchial asthma.
Diagnosing persistent blood eosinophilia in asthma with single blood eosinophil or exhaled nitric oxide level.
Patient-reported outcomes with initiation of fluticasone furoate/vilanterol versus continuing usual care in the Asthma Salford Lung Study.
Treatment perceptions in patients with asthma: Synthesis of factors influencing adherence.
Successful Chest Radiograph Reduction by Using Quality Improvement Methodology for Children With Asthma.
The combined effect of ambient ozone exposure and toxic air releases on hospitalization for asthma among children in Harris County, Texas.
Ability of Exhaled Nitric Oxide to Discriminate for Airflow Obstruction Among Frequent Exacerbators of Clinically Diagnosed Asthma.
Inhibition of p21-activated kinase 1 attenuates the cardinal features of asthma through suppressing the lymph node homing of dendritic cells.
Prevalence and features of asthma-COPD overlap in the United States 2007-2012.
Risk Factors for Asthma Exacerbation and Treatment Failure in Adults and Adolescents with Well-controlled Asthma during Continuation and Step-Down Therapy.
Can interactive parental education impact health care utilization in pediatric asthma: A study in rural Texas.
Access to medicines for asthma, diabetes and hypertension in eight counties of Kenya.
Prospective cohort study of pregnancy complications and birth outcomes in women with asthma.
Inhibition of BET bromodomains restores corticosteroid responsiveness in a mixed granulocytic mouse model of asthma.
Asthma and allergic rhinitis associate with the rs2229542 variant that induces a p.Lys90Glu mutation and compromises AKR1B1 protein levels.
Very low asthma death incidence among Finnish children from 1999 to 2015.
Phase 2a, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multicentre, parallel-group study of an H<sub>4</sub> R-antagonist (JNJ-39758979) in adults with uncontrolled asthma.
Longitudinal urinary metabolomic profiling reveals metabolites for asthma development in early childhood.
Parental stress and air pollution increase childhood asthma in China.
Simultaneously elevated FeNO and blood eosinophils relate to asthma morbidity in asthmatics from NHANES 2007-12.
Outdoor pollen is a trigger of child and adolescent asthma emergency department presentations: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Interferon response to respiratory syncytial virus by bronchial epithelium from children with asthma is inversely correlated with pulmonary function.
Exploring asthma in the workplace: A triangulation of perspectives from management, employees and people with asthma.
Perceptions of asthma and exercise in adolescents with and without asthma.
An Examination of the Association of Multiple Acculturation Measures with Asthma Status Among Elementary School Students in El Paso, Texas.
Reliability, validity and responsiveness of E-RS:COPD in patients with spirometric asthma-COPD overlap.
Potential Strategies and Targets for the Prevention of Pediatric Asthma.
miR-221 participates in the airway epithelial cells injury in asthma via targeting SIRT1.
Fluticasone furoate/vilanterol once daily improves night-time awakenings in asthma patients with night symptoms: Post hoc analyses of three randomized controlled trials.
No genetic association detected with mepolizumab efficacy in severe asthma.
Association of interleukin 1 receptor-like 1 gene polymorphisms with eosinophilic phenotype in Japanese adults with asthma.
Vitamin D intake during the first 4 years and onset of asthma by age 5: A nested case-control study.
Age is associated with asthma phenotypes.
A missed primary care appointment correlates with a subsequent emergency department visit among children with asthma.
Serum periostin relates to type-2 inflammation and lung function in asthma: Data from the large population-based cohort Swedish GA(2)LEN.
Altered fatty acid metabolism and reduced stearoyl-coenzyme a desaturase activity in asthma.
Quality of life of asthmatic children and adolescents: Portuguese translation, adaptation, and validation of the questionnaire "Pediatric Quality of Life (PedsQL) Asthma Module".
Perceptions about interpersonal relationships and school environment among middle school students with asthma.
Use of a low-literacy written action plan to improve parent understanding of pediatric asthma management: A randomized controlled study.
Risk Factors in Preschool Children for Predicting Asthma During the Preschool Age and the Early School Age: a Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Effect of a mobile health, sensor-driven asthma management platform on asthma control.
Physical activity and asthma: A longitudinal and multi-country study.
Predictive value of serum sST2 in preschool wheezers for development of asthma with high FeNO.
Vitamin D supplementation in pregnancy, prenatal 25(OH)D levels, race, and subsequent asthma or recurrent wheeze in offspring: Secondary analyses from the Vitamin D Antenatal Asthma Reduction Trial.
Parents' asthma information needs and preferences for school-based asthma support.
The Cytokines of Asthma.
The Role of Histamine in the Pathophysiology of Asthma and the Clinical Efficacy of Antihistamines in Asthma Therapy.
The impact of bariatric surgery on asthma control differs among obese individuals with reported prior or current asthma, with or without metabolic syndrome.
Molecular Targets of Fatty Acid Ethanolamides in Asthma.
Spirometry in children with asthma and/or allergic rhinitis: comparison of FEF25-75% with the standard measures.
[Allergen-derived peptide: A promising approach in asthma].
Development of highly potent glucocorticoids for steroid-resistant severe asthma.
Is there an association between asthma and periodontal disease among adults? Systematic review and meta-analysis.
Mycoplasma pneumoniae infection and asthma in children.
Allergy and Asthma Care in the Mobile Phone Era.
Factors associated with uncontrolled asthma in adult asthmatics in Kinshasa, Democratic Republic of Congo.
A host gene expression approach for identifying triggers of asthma exacerbations.
Challenging cases in fungal asthma.
Parents' child-related schemas: Associations with children's asthma and mental health.
Factors Predicting Asthma in Children With Acute Bronchiolitis.
Models of care for severe asthma: the role of primary care.
Optimising treatment for severe asthma.
Managing comorbid conditions in severe asthma.
Predictors of asthma relapse in patients who attended an emergency department.
Allergic sensitization and clinical outcomes in urban children with asthma, 2013-2016.
Real-world Clinical Characteristics, Treatment Patterns, and Exacerbations in US Patients With Asthma Newly Treated With Omalizumab.
Cost-Effectiveness Analysis of Monitoring Fractional Exhaled Nitric Oxide (FeNO) in the Management of Asthma.
Association of Infant Eczema with Childhood and Adult Asthma: Analysis of Data from the 1958 Birth Cohort Study.
Benralizumab for the add-on maintenance treatment of patients with severe asthma aged 12 years and older with an eosinophilic phenotype.
Chinese herbal medicine formula for acute asthma: A multi-center, randomized, double-blind, proof-of-concept trial.
Rapid and Consistent Improvements in Morning PEF in Patients with Severe Eosinophilic Asthma Treated with Mepolizumab.
Exposure to a combination of formaldehyde and DINP aggravated asthma-like pathology through oxidative stress and NF-κB activation.
Effects of Educated Monocytes with Xenogeneic Mesenchymal Stem Cell-Derived Conditioned Medium in a Mouse Model of Chronic Asthma.
Rheumatoid arthritis is associated with increased in-hospital mortality in asthma exacerbations: a nationwide study.
Effects of anthraquinones from Cassia occidentalis L. on ovalbumin-induced airways inflammation in a mouse model of allergic asthma.
Patient Satisfaction With Inhaled Medication for Asthma.
A Cluster Analysis of Bronchial Asthma Patients with Depressive Symptoms.
Association between blood eosinophil count with asthma hospital readmissions.
Prospects for Monoclonal Antibody Therapy in Pediatric Asthma.
Estimating loss in quality of life associated with asthma-related crisis events (ESQUARE): a cohort, observational study.
Insidious-onset, non-wheezing carteolol-induced asthma in an atopic patient without asthma history.
Cost-effectiveness and comparative effectiveness of biologic therapy for asthma: To biologic or not to biologic?
Camellia japonica oil suppressed asthma occurrence via GATA-3 & IL-4 pathway and its effective and major component is oleic acid.
Cyanidin-3-O-β-glucoside attenuates allergic airway inflammation by modulating the IL-4Rα-STAT6 signaling pathway in a murine asthma model.
Immunoregulatory role of acid sphingomyelinase in allergic asthma.
Pregnancy outcomes among women with asthma.
Appropriate use of oral corticosteroids for severe asthma.
Diagnosis of severe asthma.
Early life obesity increases the risk for asthma in San Francisco born Latina girls.
Agreement in reporting of asthma by parents or offspring - the RHINESSA generation study.
Early life vitamin D status and asthma and wheeze: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Lipid profiles in adolescents with and without asthma: Korea National Health and nutrition examination survey data.
A Review of the Utility and Cost Effectiveness of Monitoring Fractional Exhaled Nitric Oxide (FeNO) in Asthma Management.
Feasibility study of a combined lifestyle behaviors and asthma self-management intervention for school-aged children.
Asthma exacerbations in a subtropical area and the role of respiratory viruses: a cross-sectional study.
Health-related quality of life in Canadians with asthma: A case-control study using census data.
Airway Interleukin-33 and type 2 cytokines in adult patients with acute asthma.
Biological therapies for eosinophilic asthma.
Epistemic tensions between people living with asthma and healthcare professionals in clinical encounters.
The impact of patient autonomy on older adults with asthma.
Pruning of the Pulmonary Vasculature in Asthma. The Severe Asthma Research Program (SARP) Cohort.
Remodelling and inflammation in preschoolers with severe recurrent wheeze and asthma outcome at school age.
Barriers to medication adherence in asthma: The importance of culture and context.
The association between endotoxin in house dust with atopy and exercise-induced bronchospasm in children with asthma.
Effects of personal air pollution exposure on asthma symptoms, lung function and airway inflammation.
Potential of serum soluble CD93 as a biomarker for asthma in an ovalbumin-induced asthma murine model.
Methacholine bronchial provocation test in patients with asthma: serial measurements and clinical significance.
Diet effects in the asthma treatment: A systematic review.
Efficacy and safety of dupilumab in perennial allergic rhinitis and comorbid asthma.
Dietary meat intake and risk of asthma in children: evidence from a meta-analysis.
The role of respiratory tract infections and the microbiome in the development of asthma: A narrative review.
Multidimensional assessment of severe asthma: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
NIAID, NIEHS, NHLBI, and MCAN Workshop Report: The indoor environment and childhood asthma-implications for home environmental intervention in asthma prevention and management.
Different cutoff values of methacholine bronchial provocation test depending on age in children with asthma.
Seasonal and geographic variations in the incidence of asthma exacerbations in the United States.
Parental coping, depressive symptoms, and children's asthma control and school attendance in low-income, racially, and ethnically diverse urban families.
Investigating the Association of ADAM33 Single Nucleotide Polymorphisms (SNPs) with Susceptibility to Allergic Asthma in Azerbaijan Population of Iran: A Case-control Study.
Effectiveness of Influenza Vaccines in Asthma: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Breastfeeding associated with higher lung function in African American youths with asthma.
Are recreational SCUBA divers with asthma at increased risk?
[New approaches of inhaled steroid asthma management in mild to moderate asthma].
Inflammatory Cytokines and T-Lymphocyte Subsets in Serum and Sputum in Patients with Bronchial Asthma and Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease.
Asthma in Children: A Brief Review for Primary Care Providers.
MiR-98-5p may be a Biomarker for Screening Bronchial Asthma in Children by Targeting IL-13.
Vanillic acid mitigates the ovalbumin (OVA)-induced asthma in rat model through prevention of airway inflammation.
Destruction of the bronchial epithelium in patients with severe asthma according to different patterns of inflammation and cold airway hyperresponsiveness.
Experimental and investigational phosphodiesterase inhibitors in development for asthma.
Clinical challenges in elderly asthma.
Study of depression and anxiety in patients with asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
[Environmental risk factors for asthma developement].
Vitamin D alleviates airway remodeling in asthma by down-regulating the activity of Wnt/β-catenin signaling pathway.
New perspectives of childhood asthma treatment with biologics.
Precision Medicine in Targeted Therapies for Severe Asthma: Is There Any Place for "Omics" Technology?
Circulating microRNAs and prediction of asthma exacerbation in childhood asthma.
Multiomics Data Triangulation for Asthma Candidate Biomarkers and Precision Medicine.
Increased urinary l-histidine in patients with asthma-COPD overlap: a pilot study.
Is IgE or eosinophils the key player in allergic asthma pathogenesis? Are we asking the right question?
Developing "My Asthma Diary": a process exemplar of a patient-driven arts-based knowledge translation tool.
"Pay for Success" Financing and Home-Based Multicomponent Childhood Asthma Interventions: Modeling Results From the Detroit Medicaid Population.
Burden of disease associated with asthma among the adult general population of five Middle Eastern countries: Results of the SNAPSHOT program.
Dupilumab Efficacy and Safety in Moderate-to-Severe Uncontrolled Asthma.
Ohio Pediatric Asthma Repository: Opportunities to Revise Care Practices to Decrease Time to Physiologic Readiness for Discharge.
Community asthma management of emergency department patients: A pilot study of adherence with national consensus guidelines.
Bronchial Epithelial IgA Secretion Is Impaired in Asthma. Role of IL-4/IL-13.
Phenotypes/endotypes-driven treatment in asthma.
NOD2 expression, DNA damage and oxido-inflammatory status in atopic bronchial asthma: Exploring their nexus to disease severity.
Reslizumab in the treatment of severe eosinophilic asthma: an update.
Childhood asthma and smoking exposures before conception-A three-generational cohort study.
Association Between Vitamin D Metabolism Gene Polymorphisms and Risk of Tunisian Adults' Asthma.
Bladder pain syndrome/interstitial cystitis is associated with asthma: A case-control study.
Asthma and its related socioeconomic factors: The Shiraz Adult Respiratory Disease Study 2015.
Asthma in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes in Germany and Austria: Frequency and metabolic control.
Macrophages-common culprit in obesity and asthma.
Asthma prevalence trends by weight status among US children aged 2-19 years, 1988-2014.
Does vitamin E prevent asthma or wheeze in children: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of benralizumab in patients with eosinophilic asthma: a meta-analysis of randomized placebo-controlled trials.
The role of human rhinovirus (HRV) species on asthma exacerbation severity in children and adolescents.
Concomitant suppression of T<sub>H</sub>2 and T<sub>H</sub>17 cell responses in allergic asthma by targeting retinoic acid receptor-related orphan receptor γt.
T<sub>H</sub>1 signatures are present in the lower airways of children with severe asthma, regardless of allergic status.
An obesity-preventive lifestyle score is negatively associated with pediatric asthma.
Association of SOCS5 gene polymorphism with allergic bronchial asthma.
Functional state of the small airways in patients with bronchial asthma associated with obesity.
Clinical management practices of life-threatening asthma: an audit of practices in intensive care.
Effects of Intranasal Cellulose Powder on Asthma Control in Children With Mild-to-Moderate Perennial Allergic Rhinitis: A Randomized, Placebo-Controlled Trial.
S-Allyl cysteine reduces eosinophilic airway inflammation and mucus overproduction on ovalbumin-induced allergic asthma model.
Leukotrienes: One step in our understanding of asthma.
The Impact of the Patient-Centered Medical Home on Asthma-Related Visits to the Emergency Room: A Fixed Effects Regression Approach.
Comparison of Fractional Exhaled Nitric Oxide in Elderly Patients with Asthma-chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease Overlap and Other Airway Inflammatory Diseases.
Asthma treatment and outcomes for children in the emergency department and hospital.
Years of life lost due to bronchial asthma in Poland between 1999 and 2013.
The pharmacist's role in managing and ameliorating childhood's asthma care: a descriptive and transversal study about 104 pharmacists in the city of Rabat in Morocco.
When Control Exacerbates Distress: A Qualitative Study Exploring the Experiences of Hong Kong Chinese Parents in Caring for a Child with Asthma.
Evaluation of inhaler technique and achievement and maintenance of mastery of budesonide/formoterol Spiromax® compared with budesonide/formoterol Turbuhaler® in adult patients with asthma: the Easy Low Instruction Over Time (ELIOT) study.
Speech-guided breathing retraining in asthma: a randomised controlled crossover trial in real-life outpatient settings.
Interleukin-32: its role in asthma and potential as a therapeutic agent.
Identifying patients with asthma-chronic obstructive pulmonary disease overlap syndrome using latent class analysis of electronic health record data: a study protocol.
A phase IIa proof-of-concept, placebo-controlled, randomized, double-blind, crossover, single-dose clinical trial of a new class of bronchodilator for acute asthma.
Earlier smoking after waking and the risk of asthma: a cross-sectional study using NHANES data.
Asthma and its comorbidities in middle-aged and older adults; the Rotterdam Study.
Asthma trigger perceptions are associated with work disability.
Medication Regimens for Managing Acute Asthma.
Medication Regimens for Managing Stable Asthma.
Most commonly isolated viruses in asthma exacerbation and their correlation with eosinophil and total serum immunoglobulin E levels.
Prevalence of Mycoplasma pneumoniae infection in pediatric patients with acute asthma exacerbation.
IL-21 alleviates allergic asthma in DOCK8-knockout mice.
Assessment of hair cortisol as a potential biomarker for possible adrenal suppression due to inhaled corticosteroid use in children with asthma: A retrospective observational study.
Variation in the TEK gene is not associated with asthma but with allergic conjunctivitis.
Effect of the S-nitrosoglutathione reductase inhibitor N6022 on bronchial hyperreactivity in asthma.
Serum lipoproteins are not associated with the severity of asthma.
NLRP3 regulates macrophage M2 polarization through up-regulation of IL-4 in asthma.
Innovations in asthma therapy: is there a role for inhaled statins?
Benefits of antifungal therapy in asthma patients with airway mycosis: A retrospective cohort analysis.
Efficacy of an exercise intervention among children with comorbid asthma and obesity.
Asthma-related mortality in the United States, 1999 to 2015: A multiple causes of death analysis.
Divergent transcriptional profiles in pediatric asthma patients of low and high socioeconomic status.
The role of fish intake on asthma in children: A meta-analysis of observational studies.
Contribution of repeated infections in asthma persistence from preschool to school age: Design and characteristics of the PreDicta cohort.
The use of pharmacogenomics, epigenomics, and transcriptomics to improve childhood asthma management: Where do we stand?
Asthma among adult patients presenting with dyspnea to the emergency department: An observational study.
Wheezing preschool children with early-onset asthma reveal a specific metabolomic profile.
Factors reducing omalizumab response in severe asthma.
Serum Total Magnesium Level and its Correlation with Symptom Control in Children with Mild Persistent Asthma.
Air pollutants and asthma patient visits: Indication of source influence.
Economic evidence for nonpharmacological asthma management interventions: A systematic review.
Influenza burden, prevention, and treatment in asthma-A scoping review by the EAACI Influenza in asthma task force.
The Principal and Nurse Perspective on Gaps in Asthma Care and Barriers to Physical Activity in New York City Schools: A Qualitative Study.
Role of the TSLP-DC-OX40L pathway in asthma pathogenesis and airway inflammation in mice.
Nitrogen dioxide exposure in school classrooms of inner-city children with asthma.
High prevalence of severe asthma in a large random population study.
The impact of long-term systemic glucocorticoid use in severe asthma: A UK retrospective cohort analysis.
Lack of asthma and rhinitis control in general practitioner-managed patients prescribed fixed-dose combination therapy in Australia.
Impact of community pharmacists' interventions on asthma self-management care.
[Correlation between fractional exhaled nitric oxide and airway reversibility in children with IgE-mediated asthma].
A qualitative investigation of the impact of asthma and self-management strategies among older adults.
Evaluation of asthma control in the pharmacy: an Italian cross-sectional study.
Differences and similarities between bronchopulmonary dysplasia and asthma in schoolchildren.
Evaluation of exhaled breath temperature (EBT) as a marker and predictor of asthma exacerbation in children and adolescents.
Impact of a history of maternal depression and anxiety on asthma control during pregnancy.
Improving childcare staff management of acute asthma exacerbation - An Australian pilot study.
Risks associated with managing asthma without a preventer: urgent healthcare, poor asthma control and over-the-counter reliever use in a cross-sectional population survey.
Predictive Biomarkers for Asthma Therapy.
Managing Asthma in Low-Income, Underrepresented Minority, and Other Disadvantaged Pediatric Populations: Closing the Gap.
Post-traumatic stress disorder dimensions and asthma morbidity in World Trade Center rescue and recovery workers.
Disparities in emergency department visits in American children with asthma: 2006-2010.
Asthma associated with the use of cocaine, heroin, and marijuana: A review of the evidence.
Improved quality-of-life of caregivers of children with asthma through guideline-based management.
Association Study of Myosin Heavy Chain 15 Polymorphisms with Asthma Susceptibility in Chinese Han.
Is a low level of education a limiting factor for asthma control in a population with access to pulmonologists and to treatment?
Measurement of FeNO in asthma: what the hospital doctor needs to know.
Acceptance and Commitment Therapy for Parental Management of Childhood Asthma: An RCT.
Diesel exhausts particles: Their role in increasing the incidence of asthma. Reviewing the evidence of a causal link.
Obesity and adiposity indicators in asthma and allergic rhinitis in children.
Birth weight for gestational age and the risk of asthma in childhood and adolescence: a retrospective cohort study.
NETopathic Inflammation in Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease and Severe Asthma.
Asthma and atopy prevalence are not reduced among former tuberculosis patients compared with controls in Lima, Peru.
Pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of monoclonal antibodies for asthma treatment.
Phyllanthin and hypophyllanthin from <i>Phyllanthus amarus</i> ameliorates immune-inflammatory response in ovalbumin-induced asthma: role of IgE, Nrf2, iNOs, TNF-α, and IL's.
Predicting Responders to Reslizumab after 16 Weeks of Treatment Using an Algorithm Derived from Clinical Studies of Patients with Severe Eosinophilic Asthma.
Innate lymphoid cells in asthma: pathophysiological insights from murine models to human asthma phenotypes.
[Screening of differentially expressed genes of allergic rhinitis with asthma].
Early-Life Air Pollution Exposure, Neighborhood Poverty, and Childhood Asthma in the United States, 1990⁻2014.
Association between Serum 25-Hydroxy Vitamin D Levels and the Prevalence of Adult-Onset Asthma.
Immune Homeostasis: Effects of Chinese Herbal Formulae and Herb-Derived Compounds on Allergic Asthma in Different Experimental Models.
Prevalence of asthma among the adult general population of five Middle Eastern countries: results of the SNAPSHOT program.
Asthma control in adults in the Middle East and North Africa: Results from the ESMAA study.
The association between endotoxin and beta-(1 → 3)-D-glucan in house dust with asthma severity among schoolchildren.
Influence of Air Pollution on Hospital Admissions in Adult Asthma in Northeast China.
Epidemiology of childhood asthma in mainland China (1988-2014): A meta-analysis.
Perinatal risk factors for asthma in children with allergic rhinitis and grass pollen sensitization.
Clinical Effect of Endoscopic Vidian Neurectomy on Bronchial Asthma Outcomes in Patients with Coexisting Refractory Allergic Rhinitis and Asthma.
History of Asthma From Childhood and Arterial Stiffness in Asymptomatic Young Adults: The Bogalusa Heart Study.
Abnormal lung function at preschool age asthma in adolescence?
DNA methylation in childhood asthma: an epigenome-wide meta-analysis.
Efficiency of physiotherapy with Caycedian Sophrology on children with asthma: A randomized controlled trial.
miR-192 suppresses T follicular helper cell differentiation by targeting CXCR5 in childhood asthma.
Serum vitamin D profile of Nigerian children with asthma: Association with asthma severity and control.
Effectiveness of indoor allergen reduction in asthma management: A systematic review.
Hormones, sex, and asthma.
School exposure and asthma.
Does adiposity mediate the relationship between socioeconomic position and non-allergic asthma in childhood?
Comparison of respiratory system impedance in asthma and COPD: A prospective observational study.
Fluid Balance Is Associated with Clinical Outcomes and Extravascular Lung Water in Children with Acute Asthma Exacerbation.
Contribution of hiatal hernia to asthma in patients with gastroesophageal reflux disease.
TNF-α-induced protein 3 levels in lung dendritic cells instruct T<sub>H</sub>2 or T<sub>H</sub>17 cell differentiation in eosinophilic or neutrophilic asthma.
Factors associated with in-school physical activity among urban children with asthma.
Altered metabolites in guinea pigs with allergic asthma after acupoint sticking therapy: New insights from a metabolomics approach.
Jagged1-expressing adenovirus-infected dendritic cells induce expansion of Foxp3<sup>+</sup> regulatory T cells and alleviate T helper type 2-mediated allergic asthma in mice.
A Review of School Nurses' Self-Efficacy in Asthma Care.
Exhaled breath profiling by electronic nose enabled discrimination of allergic rhinitis and extrinsic asthma.
[Effect of long-term asthma management on asthma patients from China-Japan Friendship Hospital].
Adherence to asthma treatment and their association with asthma control in children.
Is having asthma associated with an increased risk of dying from cardiovascular disease? A prospective cohort study of 446 346 Taiwanese adults.
Reporting to parents on children's exposures to asthma triggers in low-income and public housing, an interview-based case study of ethics, environmental literacy, individual action, and public health benefits.
Clinical prediction models to support the diagnosis of asthma in primary care: a systematic review protocol.
Trends in asthma hospital admissions and mortality in Kuwait, 2000-2014: a national retrospective observational study.
The prevalence of allergic diseases among children with asthma: What is the impact on asthma control in South East Nigeria?
The projected economic and health burden of sub-optimal asthma control in Canada.
Chronic airway obstruction in a population-based adult asthma cohort: Prevalence, incidence and prognostic factors.
Correlation between vitamin D serum levels and passive smoking exposure in children with asthma.
Full-chain health impact assessment of traffic-related air pollution and childhood asthma.
Efficacy, cost effectiveness, and sustainability of a pediatric high risk asthma clinic.
Association of hand and arm disinfection with asthma control in US nurses.
Distinction between rhinovirus-induced acute asthma and asthma-augmented influenza infection.
Benralizumab efficacy by atopy status and serum immunoglobulin E for patients with severe, uncontrolled asthma.
Severe Asthma in Primary Care: Identification and Management.
Relationship between chronic rhinosinusitis exacerbation frequency and asthma control.
Prenatal fine particulate exposure and early childhood asthma: Effect of maternal stress and fetal sex.
The virtual asthma guideline e-learning program: learning effectiveness and user satisfaction.
Prevalence, clinical characteristics and morbidity of the Asthma-COPD overlap in a general population sample.
Development and validation of an asthma first aid knowledge questionnaire.
Acquisition, remission, and persistence of eczema, asthma, and rhinitis in children.
Effectiveness of cognitive behavioural therapy in reducing anxiety in adults and children with asthma: A systematic review.
Association between +4259 T>G and -574 G>T Polymorphisms of TIM-3 with Asthma in an Iranian Population.
Increased risk of asthma in overweight children born large for gestational age.
Preterm birth and low birth weight continue to increase the risk of asthma from age 7 to 43.
Evaluation of inflammatory markers interleukin-6 (IL-6) and matrix metalloproteinase-9 (MMP-9) in asthma.
Frequency of HLA DQβ1*0201 and DQβ1*0301 Alleles and Total Serum IgE in Patients with Bronchial Asthma: A Pilot Study from Pakistan.
The Potential for Emerging Microbiome-Mediated Therapeutics in Asthma.
Competency-Based Framework and Continuing Education for Preparing a Skilled School Health Workforce for Asthma Care: The Colorado Experience.
Role of Obesity in Asthma: Mechanisms and Management Strategies.
Determinants of peripheral airway function in adults with and without asthma.
Epigenome-wide analysis links SMAD3 methylation at birth to asthma in children of asthmatic mothers.
A web-based educational video to improve asthma knowledge for limited English proficiency Latino caregivers.
Does longer duration of breastfeeding prevent childhood asthma in low-income families?
Omalizumab and long-term quality of life outcomes in patients with moderate-to-severe allergic asthma: a systematic review.
Comparing Asthma Control Test with Global Initiative for Asthma Defined Control in Nigerian Adult Asthmatics: A Prospective Cross-sectional study.
Quality of Asthma Management in Children Attending Health Centres in Kingston & St. Andrew, Jamaica Compared with International Clinical Practice Guidelines.
A meta-analysis of anti-interleukin-13 monoclonal antibodies for uncontrolled asthma.
School-based self-management interventions for asthma in children and adolescents: a mixed methods systematic review.
Asthma under control is inversely related with erosive esophagitis among healthy adults.
Maternal asthma: pregnancy course and outcome.
Evaluation of a Peer-led Asthma Self-management Group Intervention for Urban Adolescents.
Lung Ultrasound for the Emergency Diagnosis of Pneumonia, Acute Heart Failure, and Exacerbations of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease/Asthma in Adults: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.
Prospective study of serum and ionized magnesium pharmacokinetics in the treatment of children with severe acute asthma.
Latest news on relationship between thunderstorms and respiratory allergy, severe asthma, and deaths for asthma.
Lung Sound Analysis and the Respiratory Cycle Dependence of Impulse Oscillometry in Asthma Patients.
[Study on negative expiratory pressure technique in children with bronchial asthma].
[Efficacy of Disease Management Programs Asthma and COPD? Results of a Cross-Sectional Study].
[Effects of combined administration of Radix Angelicae Sinensis and hydrocortisone on the therapeutic action in the murine asthma model].
Hippocampal metabolites in asthma and their implications for cognitive function.
Diagnosis and treatment of severe asthma: a phenotype-based approach.
Factors associated with asthma control: MOSAR study (Multicenter Observational Study of Asthma in Rabat-Morocco).
Effect of childhood BMI on asthma: a systematic review and meta-analysis of case-control studies.
Adrenergic Signaling at the Interface of Allergic Asthma and Viral Infections.
Understanding Root Causes of Asthma. Perinatal Environmental Exposures and Epigenetic Regulation.
Maternal Smoking during Pregnancy and Early Childhood and Development of Asthma and Rhinoconjunctivitis - a MeDALL Project.
Early life swimming pool exposure and asthma onset in children - a case-control study.
Relationships between aeroallergen levels and hospital admissions for asthma in the Brussels-Capital Region: a daily time series analysis.
Supporting self-management of asthma through patient education.
Effects of endogenous sex hormones on lung function and symptom control in adolescents with asthma.
Obesity and asthma.
Inhaled corticosteroids and asthma control in adult-onset asthma: 12-year follow-up study.
Prevalence and risk factors of asthma in mainland China: The CARE study.
Can the ceramic industry be a new and hazardous sector for work-related asthma?
Severe asthma in pediatrics: Outcomes of the implementation of a special health care protocol.
Asthma from hair straightening treatment containing formaldehyde: Two cases and a review of the literature.
Role of Regulatory T cells in Airway Inflammation in Asthma.
Epidemiology of asthma-chronic obstructive pulmonary disease overlap (ACO).
Asthma and COPD overlap pathophysiology of ACO.
Results of an asthma education program delivered via telemedicine in rural schools.
Exposure to diisodecyl phthalate exacerbated Th2 and Th17-mediated asthma through aggravating oxidative stress and the activation of p38 MAPK.
Impact of Discharge Components on Readmission Rates for Children Hospitalized with Asthma.
The obese-asthma phenotype in children: An exacerbating situation?
Role of combined prenatal and postnatal paracetamol exposure on asthma development: the Czech ELSPAC study.
Asthma onset pattern and patient outcomes in a chronic rhinosinusitis population.
Sputum Eosinophilia and Magnetic Resonance Imaging Ventilation Heterogeneity in Severe Asthma.
Immunization with an adenovirus-vectored TB vaccine containing Ag85A-Mtb32 effectively alleviates allergic asthma.
Strategies towards improving pharmacological management of asthma during pregnancy.
A Practical Approach to Severe Asthma in Children.
Maternal hypothyroidism in the perinatal period and childhood asthma in the offspring.
Changes in asthma self-management knowledge in inner city adolescents following developmentally sensitive self-management training.
Efficacy and safety of benralizumab in Japanese patients with severe, uncontrolled eosinophilic asthma.
Clinical characteristics of children infected with enterovirus D68 in an outpatient clinic and the association with bronchial asthma.
Risk factors for asthma after infant bronchiolitis.
Exacerbation risk and characterisation of the UK's asthma population from infants to old age.
Phenotype classification using the combination of lung sound analysis and fractional exhaled nitric oxide for evaluating asthma treatment.
Rheumatoid arthritis and risk of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease or asthma among women: A marginal structural model analysis in the Nurses' Health Study.
Presence of atopy increases the risk of asthma relapse.
Identifying Which Urban Children With Asthma Benefit Most From Clinician Prompting: Subgroup Analyses From the Prompting Asthma Intervention in Rochester-Uniting Parents and Providers (PAIR-UP) Trial.
Steroid phobia, Chinese medicine and asthma control.
The relationship between restless legs syndrome and bronchial asthma.
Toll-like receptor 3 blockade in rhinovirus-induced experimental asthma exacerbations: A randomized controlled study.
Racial disparities in family-provider interactions for pediatric asthma care.
Asthma medication use among adults with current asthma by work-related asthma status, Asthma Call-back Survey, 29 states, 2012-2013.
The prevalence and clinical features of asthma-COPD overlap (ACO) definitively diagnosed according to the Japanese Respiratory Society Guidelines for the Management of ACO 2018.
Effect of ginger extract on expression of GATA3, T-bet and ROR-γt in peripheral blood mononuclear cells of patients with Allergic Asthma.
Therapeutic Potential of Morin in Ovalbumin-induced Allergic Asthma Via Modulation of SUMF2/IL-13 and BLT2/NF-kB Signaling Pathway.
Long non-coding RNA TCF7 contributes to the growth and migration of airway smooth muscle cells in asthma through targeting TIMMDC1/Akt axis.
Association of Genetic Variants of NLRP4 with Exacerbation of Asthma: The Effect of Smoking.
Is residential ambient air limonene associated with asthma? Findings from the Canadian Health Measures Survey.
Thunderstorm asthma: revealing a hidden at-risk population.
Prenatal maternal psychosocial stress and offspring's asthma and allergic disease: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Features of cellular structure of the induced sputum and profile of cytokines at sintropiya of bronchial asthma and obesity at young patients.
Association between polymorphisms of glucocorticoid receptor genes and asthma: A meta-analysis.
Heterogeneity of asthma and COPD overlap.
Lagged Influence of Fine Particulate Matter and Geographic Disparities on Clinic Visits for Children's Asthma in Taiwan.
Asthma-COPD Overlap Phenotypes and Smoking :Comparative features of asthma in smoking or non-smoking patients with an incomplete reversibility of airway obstruction.
Influence of the Scandinavian climate pattern on the UK asthma mortality: a time series and geospatial study.
The potential impact of paternal age on risk of asthma in childhood: a study within the Danish National Birth Cohort.
Nicorandil alleviates ovalbumin-induced airway inflammation in a mouse model of asthma.
How does race/ethnicity influence pharmacological response to asthma therapies?
Meta-analysis of the comorbidity rate of allergic rhinitis and asthma in Chinese children.
Bronchiectasis in severe asthma: Clinical features and outcomes.
Bronchial thermoplasty as a treatment for severe asthma: controversies, progress and uncertainties.
Associations of household renovation materials and periods with childhood asthma, in China: A retrospective cohort study.
Real-world evaluation of a mobile health application in children with asthma.
Age-related prevalence of chronic rhinosinusitis and nasal polyps and their relationships with asthma onset.
Traffic related air pollution and development and persistence of asthma and low lung function.
Measurement of fractional exhaled nitric oxide in real-world clinical practice alters asthma treatment decisions.
Activated Leukocyte Cell Adhesion Molecule Stimulates the T-Cell Response in Allergic Asthma.
Maternal anemia during pregnancy and slightly higher risk of asthma in male offspring.
Parental Perspectives of Barriers to Physical Activity in Urban Schoolchildren With Asthma.
Asthma prevalence and school-related hazardous air pollutants in the US-México border area.
Overweight/obesity status in preschool children associates with worse asthma but robust improvement on inhaled corticosteroids.
Accuracy of a New Algorithm to Identify Asthma-COPD Overlap (ACO) Patients in a Cohort of Patients with Chronic Obstructive Airway Disease.
Breathing pattern recordings using respiratory inductive plethysmography, before and after a physiotherapy breathing retraining program for asthma: A case report.
Disease burden of mild asthma in China.
Early-life home environment and risk of asthma among inner-city children.
Association between periodontitis and severe asthma in adults: A case-control study.
The Medical Home Model and Pediatric Asthma Symptom Severity: Evidence from a National Health Survey.
Pathway discovery using transcriptomic profiles in adult-onset severe asthma.
Childhood abuse and adult-onset asthma among Peruvian women.
A review of metabolomics approaches and their application in identifying causal pathways of childhood asthma.
Caregiver Asthma in Urban Families: Implications for School Absenteeism.
Anti-interleukin 5 Therapy for Eosinophilic Asthma: a Meta-analysis of Randomized Clinical Trials.
Association between MCP-1 -2518A>G polymorphism and asthma susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Nonadherence in the era of severe asthma biologics and thermoplasty.
Asthma and influenza vaccination in elderly hospitalized patients: Matched case-control study in Spain.
Fungal Exposure and Asthma: IgE and Non-IgE-Mediated Mechanisms.
Immune Responses in Rhinovirus-Induced Asthma Exacerbations.
Asthma-specific health-related quality of life of people in Great Britain: A national survey.
Rationale and design of the multiethnic Pharmacogenomics in Childhood Asthma consortium.
Free 25(OH)D concentrations are associated with atopy and lung function in children with asthma.
CT-assessed large airway involvement and lung function decline in eosinophilic asthma: The association between induced sputum eosinophil differential counts and airway remodeling.
Point-of-care blood eosinophil count in a severe asthma clinic setting.
Features of the bronchial bacterial microbiome associated with atopy, asthma, and responsiveness to inhaled corticosteroid treatment.
[Relation of systemic comorbidities in asthma with disease: control, severity and phenotype].
[Effects of montelukast sodium and bacterial lysates on airway remodeling and expression of transforming growth factor-β1 and Smad7 in guinea pigs with bronchial asthma].
Social, Environmental and Behavioral Determinants of Asthma Symptoms in Brazilian Middle School Students-A National School Health Survey (Pense 2012).
Exploration of the spatial patterns and determinants of asthma prevalence and health services use in Ontario using a Bayesian approach.
Prospective observational study validating the German version of the Control of Allergic Rhinitis and Asthma Test (CARAT10).
Association between exhaled carbon monoxide and asthma outcomes in Peruvian children.
Intensive care implications of epidemic thunderstorm asthma.
Ma Huang Tang ameliorates bronchial asthma symptoms through the TLR9 pathway.
Clinical presentation of patients with suspected obstructive sleep apnea and self-reported physician-diagnosed asthma in the ESADA cohort.
Association between smoking type and prevalence of atopic dermatitis and asthma in men and women.
Thunderstorm asthma outbreak, a rare phenomenon in southwest Iran: patients' perspectives.
Real-life evaluation of the clinical, functional, and hematological effects of mepolizumab in patients with severe eosinophilic asthma: Results of a single-centre observational study.
An ethnobotanical survey and inhibitory effects on NLRP3 inflammasomes/Caspase-1 of herbal recipes' extracts traditionally used in Rwanda for asthma treatment.
A review of obesity and asthma across the life span.
Serum Periostin Levels: A Potential Serologic Marker for Toluene Diisocyanate-Induced Occupational Asthma.
Nasal Discharge Eosinophils in Childhood Asthma Patients as a Predictive Factor for Persistent Asthma.
Inhaled steroids with and without regular salmeterol for asthma: serious adverse events.
Being Overweight or Obese and the Development of Asthma.
Biological treatments for severe asthma: where do we stand?
Jin Gui Shen Qi Wan, a traditional Chinese medicine, alleviated allergic airway hypersensitivity and inflammatory cell infiltration in a chronic asthma mouse model.
[Asthma: Adapting the therapeutic follow-up according to the medical and psychosocial profiles].
[Asthma and socioeconomic characteristics in France in 2012].
Maintenance inhaler preference, attribute importance, and satisfaction in prescribing physicians and patients with asthma, COPD, or asthma-COPD overlap syndrome consulting for routine care.
Plasma YKL-40 and NGAL are useful in distinguishing ACO from asthma and COPD.
Risk factors of asthma exacerbation based on asthma severity: a nationwide population-based observational study in South Korea.
Pesticide Use and Asthma in Alberta Grain Farmers.
[Trends of asthma control, disease management and perception in China].
Quintupling Inhaled Glucocorticoids to Prevent Childhood Asthma Exacerbations.
The impact of aging on outpatients with asthma in a real-world setting.
The Toxicology of Engineered Nanomaterials in Asthma.
Symbicort® Maintenance and Reliever Therapy (SMART) and the evolution of asthma management within the GINA guidelines.
The impact of gender on asthma in the daily clinical practice.
Does asthma affect school performance in adolescents? Results from the Swedish population-based birth cohort BAMSE.
Circulating IL-17-producing mucosal-associated invariant T cells (MAIT) are associated with symptoms in children with asthma.
The age-related characteristics of adults with asthma who visited emergency departments in Korea from 2007 to 2012.
Asthma Disparity Photovoice: The Discourses of Black Adolescent and Public Health Policymakers.
Adiposity and Asthma in a Nationwide Study of Children and Adults in the United States.
Correlation between fungal sensitisation in childhood persistent asthma and disease severity.
The role of the indoor environment: Residential determinants of allergy, asthma and pulmonary function in children from a US-Mexico border community.
Moving toward consensus on diagnosis and management of severe asthma in children.
A comparison of nanoparticullate CpG immunotherapy with and without allergens in spontaneously equine asthma-affected horses, an animal model.
The association between ambient temperature and childhood asthma: a systematic review.
Role of Galectin-3 in the pathophysiology underlying allergic lung inflammation in a tissue inhibitor of metalloproteinases 1 knockout model of murine asthma.
Moving toward consensus on diagnosis and management of severe asthma in adults.
Novel assessment tool to detect breathing pattern disorder in patients with refractory asthma.
Suitability of asthma education materials for school-age children: Implications for health literacy.
Maternal asthma severity and control during pregnancy and risk of offspring asthma.
Factors influencing influenza vaccination among South Korean adult asthma patients: A nationwide population-based cross-sectional study.
Translating a Proven Pediatric Healthy Homes Asthma Intervention to Adults.
Step-Up Therapy in Black Children and Adults with Poorly Controlled Asthma.
RAGE mediates β-catenin stabilization via activation of the Src/p-Cav-1 axis in a chemical-induced asthma model.
Assessing the potential of liposomes loaded with curcumin as a therapeutic intervention in asthma.
Caring for the Student With Asthma at School: What's Out There to Help the School Nurse?
The Role of Pai-1 Gene 4g/5g Polymorphism and Diagnostic Value of Biomarkers in Allergic and Non-Allergic Asthma Phenotype.
Application of a Time-Stratified Case-Crossover Design to Explore the Effects of Air Pollution and Season on Childhood Asthma Hospitalization in Cities of Differing Urban Patterns: Big Data Analytics of Government Open Data.
Pulmonary interstitial emphysema in fatal asthma: case report and histopathological review.
Factors associated with bronchiectasis in patients with uncontrolled asthma; the NOPES score: a study in 398 patients.
Early-life exposure to three size-fractionated ultrafine and fine atmospheric particulates in Beijing exacerbates asthma development in mature mice.
Genetic regulation of <i>IL1RL1</i> methylation and IL1RL1-a protein levels in asthma.
Perinatal factors and the development of childhood asthma.
Quadrupling Inhaled Glucocorticoid Dose to Abort Asthma Exacerbations.
Serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D, vitamin D supplement and asthma control: The HUNT study.
Comorbidity, disease burden and mortality across age groups in a Swedish primary care asthma population: An epidemiological register study (PACEHR).
The Interaction Between Asthma and Anxiety: An Interpretative Phenomenological Analysis of Young People's Experiences.
Nebivolol attenuates oxidative stress and inflammation in a guinea pig model of ovalbumin-induced asthma: a possible mechanism for its favorable respiratory effects.
Modulation of the IL-23/IL-17 axis by fenofibrate ameliorates the ovalbumin/lipopolysaccharide-induced airway inflammation and bronchial asthma in rats.
Long-Term Coarse Particulate Matter Exposure Is Associated with Asthma among Children in Medicaid.
Further Studies of Unsuspected Emphysema in Nonsmoking Patients With Asthma With Persistent Expiratory Airflow Obstruction.
Evaluation of a diagnostic therapeutic educational pathway for asthma management in youth.
Prevalence and Features of Asthma in Young Adults in Urban Areas of Argentina.
RItA: The Italian severe/uncontrolled asthma registry.
The sex-shift in single disease and multimorbid asthma and rhinitis during puberty - a study by MeDALL.
Association between lipid profile and the prevalence of asthma: a meta-analysis and systemic review.
Overweight adolescents and asthma: Revealing motivations and challenges with adolescent-provider communication.
The prevalence of asthma and related symptoms in Middle East countries.
Investigation of bronchiectasis in severe uncontrolled asthma.
Risk factors for incident asthma and COPD in a cohort of young adults.
Association of migraine with asthma risk: A retrospective population-based cohort study.
Double negative T cells mediate Lag3-dependent antigen-specific protection in allergic asthma.
Evidence of orofacial myofunctional therapy patients with asthma and rhinitis: a systematic review.
Single inhaler extrafine triple therapy in uncontrolled asthma (TRIMARAN and TRIGGER): two double-blind, parallel-group, randomised, controlled phase 3 trials.
Targeted therapy in severe asthma today: focus on immunoglobulin E.
Management of severe asthma: targeting the airways, comorbidities and risk factors.
Rural Asthma: Current Understanding of Prevalence, Patterns, and Interventions for Children and Adolescents.
Design of a pragmatic trial in minority children presenting to the emergency department with uncontrolled asthma: The CHICAGO Plan.
Effects of pediatric asthma care coordination in underserved communities on parent perceptions of care and asthma-management confidence.
Peripheral killer cells do not differentiate between asthma patients with or without fixed airway obstruction.
Racial and ethnic disparities in meeting MTM eligibility criteria among patients with asthma.
Asthma control and productivity loss in those with work-related asthma: A population-based study.
Trend of self-reported asthma prevalence in Brazil from 2003 to 2013 in adults and factors associated with prevalence.
Vitamin D Deficiency as a Factor Influencing Asthma Control in Children.
Anti-IgE therapy for asthma: an audit at atertiary care centre in Saudi Arabia.
Systematic review of association between critical errors in inhalation and health outcomes in asthma and COPD.
Dog characteristics and future risk of asthma in children growing up with dogs.
Autopsy and Imaging Studies of Mucus in Asthma. Lessons Learned about Disease Mechanisms and the Role of Mucus in Airflow Obstruction.
Machine learning to identify pairwise interactions between specific IgE antibodies and their association with asthma: A cross-sectional analysis within a population-based birth cohort.
Outcomes of Noninvasive Ventilation in Obese Patients With Acute Asthma Exacerbations.
Cross-sectional study assessing the performance of the Arabic translated childhood asthma control test.
Barriers and Facilitators to Asthma Care After Hospitalization as Reported by Caregivers, Health Providers, and School Nurses.
Asthma action plan for proactive bronchial asthma self-management in adults: a randomized controlled trial.
What do adolescents with asthma really think about adherence to inhalers? Insights from a qualitative analysis of a UK online forum.
Effectiveness of Evidence-Based Asthma Interventions.
Gene Expression Correlated with Severe Asthma Characteristics Reveals Heterogeneous Mechanisms of Severe Disease.
Effects of Age and Disease Severity on Systemic Corticosteroid Responses in Asthma.
Association of emergency department albuterol dispensing with pediatric asthma revisits and readmissions.
Milk Other Than Breast Milk and the Development of Asthma in Children 3 Years of Age. A Birth Cohort Study (2006⁻2011).
[Seasonal distribution of patient hospitalization due to asthma exacerbation in 7 geographic areas in China].
Immunoglobulin E as a Biomarker in Asthma.
Recent developments in the use of biologics targeting IL-5, IL-4, or IL-13 in severe refractory asthma.
A phase 2a study of toreforant, a histamine H<sub>4</sub> receptor antagonist, in eosinophilic asthma.
Ascaris lumbricoides infection induces both, reduction and increase of asthma symptoms in a rural community.
MATERNAL STRESS AND ENVIRONMENTAL RISK FACTORS OF CHILDHOOD ASTHMA.
Asthma trend in adolescence in Brazil: results of the National Adolescent School-based Health Survey (PeNSE 2012-2015).
Rhinovirus infections change DNA methylation and mRNA expression in children with asthma.
Uncovering the mechanism of Maxing Ganshi Decoction on asthma from a systematic perspective: A network pharmacology study.
Effects of Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infection in Infancy on Asthma and Respiratory Allergy in 6-Year-Old Children.
Effects of an Asthma Self-Management Support Service Provided by Community Pharmacists: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Self-reported smoking status and urinary cotinine levels in patients with asthma.
Equine asthma: Integrative biologic relevance of a recently proposed nomenclature.
The pertussis hypothesis: Bordetella pertussis colonization in the etiology of asthma and diseases of allergic sensitization.
Dynamics of helper CD4 T cells during acute and stable allergic asthma.
Adjuvant treatment with Xiaoqinglong formula for bronchial asthma: Protocol of systematic review and meta-analysis.
Critical review of long-term ozone exposure and asthma development.
Mixed Th2 and non-Th2 inflammatory pattern in the asthma-COPD overlap: a network approach.
Early-life exposure to PM<sub>2.5</sub> and risk of acute asthma clinical encounters among children in Massachusetts: a case-crossover analysis.
Pregnancy diet and offspring asthma risk over a 10-year period: the Lifeways Cross Generation Cohort Study, Ireland.
[Evaluation of asthma disease perception from China national asthma control survey].
Diagnosis and Management of Severe Asthma.
Nerve ablation after bronchial thermoplasty and sustained improvement in severe asthma.
Association of exercise-induced wheeze and other asthma symptoms with emergency department visits and hospitalizations in a large cohort of urban adolescents.
Altitude above 1500 m is a major determinant of asthma incidence. An ecological study.
Allergic asthma is associated with increased risk of infections requiring antibiotics.
Risk factors and clinical outcomes associated with fixed airflow obstruction in older adults with asthma.
Asthma.
Asthma Is a Risk Factor for Respiratory Exacerbations Without Increased Rate of Lung Function Decline: Five-Year Follow-up in Adult Smokers From the COPDGene Study.
Prenatal and Early Life Fructose, Fructose-Containing Beverages, and Midchildhood Asthma.
Maternal folic acid use during pregnancy, methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase gene polymorphism, and child's lung function and asthma.
A population-based prospective cohort study examining the influence of early-life respiratory tract infections on school-age lung function and asthma.
Therapeutic administration of bone marrow-derived mesenchymal stromal cells reduces airway inflammation without up-regulating Tregs in experimental asthma.
Multitissue Transcriptomics Delineates the Diversity of Airway T Cell Functions in Asthma.
Grandmaternal smoking increases asthma risk in grandchildren: A nationwide Swedish cohort.
Association between Asthma and Chronic Rhinosinusitis Severity in the Context of Asthma Control.
Asthma Outcomes and Management During Pregnancy.
Use of the Control of Allergic Rhinitis and Asthma Test and pulmonary function tests to assess asthma control in pregnancy.
Excessive gestational weight gain in first trimester is a risk factor for exacerbation of asthma during pregnancy: A prospective study of 1283 pregnancies.
Income is an independent risk factor for worse asthma outcomes.
Presentation, management and mortality after a first MI in people with and without asthma: A study using UK MINAP data.
Trends in paediatric asthma hospitalisations - differences between neighbouring countries.
Sleep quality and daytime sleepiness in patients with COPD and asthma.
Urbanization is associated with increased asthma morbidity and mortality in Brazil.
Activation of TLR Signaling in Sensitization-Recruited Inflammatory Monocytes Attenuates OVA-Induced Allergic Asthma.
IMP<sup>2</sup>ART systematic review of education for healthcare professionals implementing supported self-management for asthma.
Molecular Endotypes Contribute to the Heterogeneity of Asthma.
The Role of Neutrophils in Asthma.
Nebulized Normal Saline Solution for Treatment of Bronchial Asthma Exacerbations and Bronchiolitis: Not Standard of Care.
Improving allergy office scheduling increases patient follow up and reduces asthma readmission after pediatric asthma hospitalization.
The Australian Child Health and Air Pollution Study (ACHAPS): A national population-based cross-sectional study of long-term exposure to outdoor air pollution, asthma, and lung function.
Refractory THSD7A membranous nephropathy with severe asthma related to eosinophilia .
[Structural Equation Model of Health-Related Quality of Life in School Age Children with Asthma].
Novel candidate genes important for asthma and hypertension comorbidity revealed from associative gene networks.
Impaired type I interferon regulation in the blood transcriptome of recurrent asthma exacerbations.
[Asthma and the microbiome].
Pediatric severe asthma: a case series report and perspectives on anti-IgE treatment.
Effects of Coexisting Asthma and Obstructive Sleep Apnea on Sleep Architecture, Oxygen Saturation, and Systemic Inflammation in Women.
Implementation and Improvement of Pediatric Asthma Guideline Improves Hospital-Based Care.
Fevipiprant in the treatment of asthma.
Targeted anti-IL-13 therapies in asthma: current data and future perspectives.
Priorities for future research into asthma diagnostic tools: A PAN-EU consensus exercise from the European asthma research innovation partnership (EARIP).
Regional Heterogeneity of Lobar Ventilation in Asthma Using Hyperpolarized Helium-3 MRI.
Asthma and lung function in adulthood after a viral wheezing episode in early childhood.
The self-reported quality of life of Lithuanian children with asthma was comparable to Western populations.
Sputum TWEAK expression correlates with severity and degree of control in non-eosinophilic childhood asthma.
IFN-stimulated Gene Expression, Type 2 Inflammation, and Endoplasmic Reticulum Stress in Asthma.
IRF-1 SNPs influence the risk for childhood allergic asthma: A critical role for pro-inflammatory immune regulation.
Ambient air pollution and emergency department visits for asthma in Erie County, New York 2007-2012.
Asthma status is associated with decreased risk of aggressive urothelial bladder cancer.
Healthcare resource use and costs of severe, uncontrolled eosinophilic asthma in the UK general population.
"This illness diminishes me. What it does is like theft": A qualitative meta-synthesis of people's experiences of living with asthma.
Asthma in the elderly and late-onset adult asthma.
Health economic analysis of allergen immunotherapy for the management of allergic rhinitis, asthma, food allergy and venom allergy: A systematic overview.
Results from the 5-year SQ grass sublingual immunotherapy tablet asthma prevention (GAP) trial in children with grass pollen allergy.
Asthma exacerbations: risk factors for hospital readmissions.
Asthma control and disease burden in patients with asthma and allergic comorbidities.
Sputum transcriptomics reveal upregulation of IL-1 receptor family members in patients with severe asthma.
Epidemiological analysis and follow-up of human rhinovirus infection in children with asthma exacerbation.
Prevalence of asthma and rhinitis in a Tunisian population.
Clinical Response to Subcutaneous Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus Immunotherapy in Children with Allergic Rhinitis and Asthma Is Independent of Sensitization to Blomia tropicalis Allergens.
Kinetics of the accumulation of group 2 innate lymphoid cells in IL-33-induced and IL-25-induced murine models of asthma: a potential role for the chemokine CXCL16.
Effects of Connexin 43 Inhibition in an Ovalbumin-induced Mouse Model of Asthma.
Neurotrophins in Asthma.
A mixed method observational study of strategies to promote adoption and usage of an application to support asthma self-management.
Association between prenatal exposure to perfluoroalkyl substances and asthma-related diseases in preschool children.
Is the bronchodilator test an useful tool to measure asthma control?
A Comprehensive Evaluation of Nasal and Bronchial Cytokines and Chemokines Following Experimental Rhinovirus Infection in Allergic Asthma: Increased Interferons (IFN-γ and IFN-λ) and Type 2 Inflammation (IL-5 and IL-13).
Consistency of maternal telephone administration of the asthma control test using postpartum recall compared to repeated measures during pregnancy.
Factors associated with increased healthcare utilization among adults with asthma.
Soda consumption and hospital admissions among Californian adults with asthma.
ASTHMA CONTROL STATUS AND LUNG FUNCTION IN RELATION TO VITAMIN D LEVEL IN CHILDREN WITH BRONCHIAL ASTHMA.
Managing Severe Asthma: A Role for the Long-Acting Muscarinic Antagonist Tiotropium.
Effects of Comorbidities on Asthma Hospitalization and Mortality Rates: A Systematic Review.
Estimates of the Global Burden of Ambient [Formula: see text], Ozone, and [Formula: see text] on Asthma Incidence and Emergency Room Visits.
Changing patterns of adult asthma incidence: results from the National Health Insurance Service-National Sample Cohort (NHIS-NSC) database in Korea.
A Quality Improvement Bundle Including Pay for Performance for the Standardization of Order Set Use in Moderate Asthma.
Family obligations and asthma in youth: The moderating role of socioeconomic status.
Airway smooth muscle proliferation and inflammation in asthma.
Creation and implementation of SAMPRO™: A school-based asthma management program.
Models for estimating and projecting global, regional and national prevalence and disease burden of asthma: protocol for a systematic review.
Predictive factors for moderate or severe exacerbations in asthma patients receiving outpatient care.
Peri-adolescent asthma symptoms cause adult anxiety-related behavior and neurobiological processes in mice.
The frequency of sleep-disordered breathing in children with asthma and its effects on asthma control.
Nasal lavage, blood or sputum: Which is best for phenotyping asthma?
University and public health system partnership: A real-life intervention to improve asthma management.
Multidisciplinary treatment in children with problematic severe asthma: A prospective evaluation.
Curcumin reduces lung inflammation via Wnt/β-catenin signaling in mouse model of asthma.
The Ability of Patient-Symptom Questionnaires to Differentiate PVFMD From Asthma.
Biomass fuel exposure and asthma symptoms among rural school children in Nigeria.
Development and evaluation of a school-based asthma educational program.
[Prevalence of asthma, allergic rhinitis and atopic dermatitis in school children of the Mexican Bajío region].
Long-term effects of inhaled corticosteroids on bone mineral density in older women with asthma or COPD: a registry-based cohort study.
A systematic diagnostic evaluation combined with an internet-based self-management support system for patients with asthma or COPD.
Changes in the Burden of Comorbidities in Patients with COPD and Asthma-COPD Overlap According to the GOLD 2017 Recommendations.
Combination Therapy with Curcumin Alone Plus Piperine Ameliorates Ovalbumin-Induced Chronic Asthma in Mice.
Decreasing trend in passive tobacco smoke exposure and association with asthma in U.S. children.
Risk Factors Associated with Childhood Asthma - A Case Control Study.
Asthma Risk Associated with Indoor Mold Contamination in Hispanic Communities in Eastern Coachella Valley, California.
Prospective observational cohort study of symptom control prediction in paediatric asthma by using the Royal College of Physicians three questions.
Effects of physical exercise training on nocturnal symptoms in asthma: Systematic review.
Development and Pilot Testing of a Computerized Asthma Kiosk to Initiate Chronic Asthma Care in a Pediatric Emergency Department.
Hyperbilirubinemia, Phototherapy, and Childhood Asthma.
Comprehensive Community-Based Intervention and Asthma Outcomes in African American Adolescents.
[Asthma Control in Adults and Children Must be Improved!]
Management of asthma in children.
Is aging a "comorbidity" of asthma?
New-Onset Asthma and Combat Deployment: Findings From the Millennium Cohort Study.
Cost Effectiveness of Pharmacological Treatments for Asthma: A Systematic Review.
Featured Article: Multiple Comorbid Conditions, Sleep Quality and Duration, and Academic Performance in Urban Children With Asthma.
Adherence to asthma treatment in childhood and adolescence - a narrative literature review.
Pediatric Asthma Among Small Racial/Ethnic Minority Groups: An Analysis of the 2006-2015 National Health Interview Survey.
Indices of nonspecific bronchial reactivity in severe asthma phenotype determination in schoolchildren.
Genetic-Epigenetic Interactions in Asthma Revealed by a Genome-Wide Gene-Centric Search.
Omalizumab, the first available antibody for biological treatment of severe asthma: more than a decade of real-life effectiveness.
Improving Asthma Management in the Elementary School Setting: An Education and Self-management Pilot Project.
The Relationship Between Neighborhood Safety and Children's Asthma: An Integrative Review.
Provider Counseling About Secondhand Smoke Exposure for Urban Children With Persistent or Poorly Controlled Asthma.
Efficacy and safety of fluticasone propionate/formoterol fumarate in pediatric asthma patients: a randomized controlled trial.
The Effect of Hidden Female Smoking on the Association between Smoking and Asthma.
[Coexistence of asthma and obstructive sleep apnea syndrome - review of the literature].
Explaining the Amount and Consistency of Medical Care and Self-Management Support in Asthma: A Survey of Primary Care Providers in France and the United Kingdom.
Asthma Over the Age of 65: All's Well That Ends Well.
Risk Factors for Return to the Emergency Department for Asthma: A Population-Based Study.
Omalizumab in the Therapy of Pediatric Asthma.
A proposed explanation for thunderstorm asthma and leukemia risk near high-voltage power lines: a supported hypothesis.
Age and Sex Associations with Systemic Corticosteroid-Induced Morbidity in Asthma.
LPS Exposure in Early Life Protects Against Mucus Hypersecretion in Ovalbumin-Induced Asthma by Down-Regulation of the IL-13 and JAK-STAT6 Pathways.
Blood Group and Incidence of Asthma and Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease.
Comparing Ran-Out Status of Inhaled Short-Acting Beta-Agonists in Emergency Department Patients with Acute Asthma: 1996-1998 versus 2015-2017.
Asthma among Household Youth on Racial Minority Operated Farms-United States, 2008.
Diagnosis and Management of Asthma - The Swiss Guidelines.
Type 2 Biomarkers and Prediction of Future Exacerbations and Lung Function Decline in Adult Asthma.
[Evaluation of the Association between Topical Prostaglandin F2α Analogs and Asthma Using the JADER Database: Comparison with β-Blockers].
FcγRIIIA Negatively Impacts Humoral Immune Responses but Not Overall Lung Inflammation in an Ovalbumin-Induced Allergic Asthma Mouse Model.
The Frequency of Nonsteroidal Anti-Inflammatory Drug Hypersensitivity in Children with Asthma.
Protein Biomarkers in Asthma.
Asthma Phenotypes Defined From Parameters Obtained During Recovery From a Hospital-Treated Exacerbation.
Hyperglycemia in Children Hospitalized with Acute Asthma.
Blood Eosinophils as Biomarkers to Drive Treatment Choices in Asthma and COPD.
Use of ICS/LABA Combinations or LAMA Is Associated with a Lower Risk of Acute Exacerbation in Patients with Coexistent COPD and Asthma.
Efficacy and safety of lebrikizumab in adult patients with mild-to-moderate asthma not receiving inhaled corticosteroids.
A Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Trial of Escitalopram in Patients with Asthma and Major Depressive Disorder.
Asthma Exacerbations Associated with Lung Function Decline in Patients with Severe Eosinophilic Asthma.
Therapeutic Role for TSP-2 Antibody in a Murine Asthma Model.
How to Control Asthma with Personalized Management: Where Do We Stand Now?
How patient participation was used to develop a questionnaire that is fit for purpose for assessing quality of life in severe asthma.
Association of arg16gly and gln27glu, b2-adrenergic receptor gene polymorphism with asthma. A systematic review and meta-analysis of case control studies.
Burden of asthma and COPD overlap (ACO) in Taiwan: a nationwide population-based study.
Asthma and Allergic Disorders in Uganda: A Population-Based Study Across Urban and Rural Settings.
News on Climate Change, Air Pollution, and Allergic Triggers of Asthma.
Small-airway dysfunction precedes the development of asthma in children with allergic rhinitis.
[Evaluation of asthma management from the surveys in 30 provinces of China in 2015-2016].
Risk factors of postoperative pulmonary complications in patients with asthma and COPD.
Budesonide/formoterol maintenance and reliever therapy in adolescent patients with asthma.
Expansion of a CD26low Effector TH Subset and Reduction in Circulating Levels of sCD26 in Stable Allergic Asthma in Adults.
iNKT cells are increased in children with severe therapy-resistant asthma.
Heterogeneity of asthma and the risk of celiac disease in children.
A review of the efficacy and safety of once-daily tiotropium Respimat 2.5 micrograms in adults and adolescents with asthma.
Physiotherapy breathing retraining for asthma: a randomised controlled trial.
Low Variability in Peak Expiratory Flow Predicts Successful Inhaled Corticosteroid Step-Down in Adults with Asthma.
Repeated Measurement of Fractional Exhaled Nitric Oxide Is Not Essential for Asthma Screening.
Atopy Is Associated with Age at Asthma Onset in Elderly Patients.
Effects of mesenchymal stromal cells play a role the oxidant/antioxidant balance in a murine model of asthma.
Tiotropium Respimat Add-on Is Efficacious in Symptomatic Asthma, Independent of T2 Phenotype.
Identifying Patient Attitudinal Clusters Associated with Asthma Control: The European REALISE Survey.
Evaluation of the Environmental Scoring System in Multiple Child Asthma Intervention Programs in Boston, Massachusetts.
Cluster Analysis Identifies 3 Phenotypes within Allergic Asthma.
Vitexin inhibits inflammation in murine ovalbumin-induced allergic asthma.
New approaches for identifying and testing potential new anti-asthma agents.
Personalized medicine with biologics for severe type 2 asthma: current status and future prospects.
Very Poorly Controlled Asthma in Urban Minority Children: Lessons Learned.
[Factors associated with asthma in children and adolescents in rural areas of Navarre (Spain)].
Fetal and Infant Growth Patterns and Risk of Lower Lung Function and Asthma. The Generation R Study.
Adapting an Evidence-Based Pediatric Acute Asthma Exacerbation Severity Assessment Tool for Pediatric Primary Care.
The Association of Maternal Asthma and Early Pregnancy Vitamin D with Risk of Preeclampsia: An Observation From Vitamin D Antenatal Asthma Reduction Trial (VDAART).
Revisiting asthma therapeutics: focus on WNT signal transduction.
Diagnostic Accuracy of Urinary LTE4 Measurement to Predict Aspirin-Exacerbated Respiratory Disease in Patients with Asthma.
Curricular intervention increases adolescents' knowledge about asthma: a randomized trial.
Innate lymphoid cells at the interface between obesity and asthma.
Baseline Features of the Severe Asthma Research Program (SARP III) Cohort: Differences with Age.
Oxidative stress and cellular pathways of asthma and inflammation: Therapeutic strategies and pharmacological targets.
Future prospect of faecal microbiota transplantation as a potential therapy in asthma.
Asthma Exacerbations and Triggers in Children in TENOR: Impact on Quality of Life.
Association of Asthma with Rheumatoid Arthritis: A Population-Based Case-Control Study.
Anxiety Contributes to Poorer Asthma Outcomes in Inner-City Black Adolescents.
Incidence of asthma in young adults from Castellon, Spain: A prospective cohort study.
Estimating the causal effect of body mass index on hay fever, asthma and lung function using Mendelian randomization.
Helicobacter pylori seropositivity protects against childhood asthma and inversely correlates to its clinical and functional severity.
Asthma-specific cognitions, self-focused attention, and fear of negative evaluation in adolescents and young adults diagnosed with childhood-onset asthma.
Mindfulness and asthma symptoms: A study among college students.
"Spike" in acute asthma exacerbations during enterovirus D68 epidemic in Japan: A nation-wide survey.
Clinical predictors of remission and persistence of adult-onset asthma.
Prevalence, age at onset, and risk factors of self-reported asthma among Swedish adolescent elite cross-country skiers.
Exploring factors associated with asthma-related emergency department visits among adults: A path analysis approach.
Psychological characteristics of patients with asthma.
[Quality of life in patients with allergic asthma on treatment with omalizumab].
Fine Particulate Matter-Induced Exacerbation of Allergic Asthma via Activation of T-cell Immunoglobulin and Mucin Domain 1.
Trajectories of childhood immune development and respiratory health relevant to asthma and allergy.
The Effects of Asthma and Bullying on Suicidal Behaviors Among US Adolescents.
Severe T2-high asthma in the biologics era: European experts' opinion.
Mepolizumab in the management of severe eosinophilic asthma in adults: current evidence and practical experience.
Asthma-COPD overlap: identification and optimal treatment.
[CME: Mepolizumab, an Additional Therapeutic Agent for Severe Asthma].
Serum Proteome Profiling to Identify Proteins Promoting Pathogenesis of Non-atopic Asthma.
Non-interventional study of the safety and effectiveness of fluticasone propionate/formoterol fumarate in real-world asthma management.
Peculiarities of the course of bronchial asthma in patients with excessive body weight or obesity.
Coexistence of asthma and the obesity-hypoventilation syndrome.
The Association between Male Asthma and Lower Urinary Tract Symptoms Evaluated by the International Prostate Symptom Score: A Population-Based Study.
Assessment of newly developed real-time human respiration carbon dioxide measurement device for management of asthma outside of hospital.
Which came first, the risk of migraine or the risk of asthma? A systematic review.
Implementation of the Asthma Control Test in Primary Care to Improve Patient Outcomes.
Modulating Interleukins and their Receptors Interactions with Small Chemicals Using In Silico Approach for Asthma.
Management of asthma in the emergency department: a consensus statement.
The Pharmacogenomics of Asthma Beyond its Endotypes.
Thymic Stromal Lymphopoietin Signaling Pathway Inhibition Attenuates Airway Inflammation and Remodeling in Rats with Asthma.
Increased Susceptibility to Allergic Asthma with the Impairment of Respiratory Tolerance Caused by Psychological Stress.
Changes in circulating microRNA-126 levels are associated with immune imbalance in children with acute asthma.
The Tempest: Difficult to Control Asthma in Adolescence.
Long-Term Trajectories of Mild Asthma in Adulthood and Risk Factors of Progression.
Family Caregiver Marginalization is Associated With Decreased Primary and Subspecialty Asthma Care in Head Start Children.
Cluster analysis of the phenotype of asthma and obesity.
[Antioxidant vitamins in asthma].
Hospitalizations for asthma exacerbation in Chilean children: A multicenter observational study.
Can vitamin D help in achieving asthma control? Vitamin D "revisited'': an updated insight.
Exposure and Sensitization to Pets Modify Endotoxin Association with Asthma and Wheeze.
Bronchial Thermoplasty in Severe Asthma: Best Practice Recommendations from an Expert Panel.
Severe Asthma Phenotypes Classified by Site of Airway Involvement and Remodeling via Chest CT Scan.
Relationship of Inhaled Corticosteroid Adherence to Asthma Exacerbations in Patients with Moderate-to-Severe Asthma.
An international comparison of risk factors between two regions with distinct differences in asthma prevalence.
Improving Care of Inner-City Children with Poorly Controlled Asthma: What Mothers Want You to Know.
[THE COURSE OF ASTHMA SYMPTOMS IN JAPANESE CHILDREN; THE FIRST REPORT FROM A MULTICENTER PROSPECTIVE COHORT STUDY].
The Relationship between Hypomagnesemia and Pulmonary Function Tests in Patients with Chronic Asthma.
Association Between Obesity and Acute Severity Among Patients Hospitalized for Asthma Exacerbation.
A retrospective cohort study in severe asthma describing commonly measured biomarkers: Eosinophil count and IgE levels.
As You Eat It: Effects of Prenatal Nutrition on Asthma.
Clinician Agreement, Self-Efficacy, and Adherence with the Guidelines for the Diagnosis and Management of Asthma.
The presentation of a short adapted questionnaire to measure asthma knowledge of parents.
IL-1β mediates lung neutrophilia and IL-33 expression in a mouse model of viral-induced asthma exacerbation.
Prevalence and management of severe asthma in primary care: an observational cohort study in Sweden (PACEHR).
[A retrospective study of the inducing factors and clinical characteristics of patients hospitalized for asthma exacerbation in China in 2013-2014].
Exposure to NO<sub>2</sub>, CO, and PM<sub>2.5</sub> is linked to regional DNA methylation differences in asthma.
Targeting Neutrophils in Severe Asthma via Siglec-9.
Annexin A1 in plasma from patients with bronchial asthma: its association with lung function.
Systemic inflammation mediates the detrimental effects of obesity on asthma control.
Characterizing patients with asthma who received Global Initiative for Asthma steps 4-5 therapy and managed in a specialty care setting.
Horses With Pasture Asthma Have Airway Remodeling That Is Characteristic of Human Asthma.
Polymorphisms in inflammasome genes and risk of asthma in Brazilian children.
Food Allergy Is an Important Risk Factor for Childhood Asthma, Irrespective of Whether It Resolves.
Prevalence of asthma and associated factors among male late adolescents in Tabriz, Iran.
Treatment response heterogeneity in asthma: the role of genetic variation.
Associations of Herbs and Nonvitamin Dietary Supplements Use with Clinical Outcomes Among Adult and Pediatric Patients with Asthma in the United States.
Clinical Phenotypes of Nasal Polyps and Comorbid Asthma Based on Cluster Analysis of Disease History.
Short-term ozone exposure and asthma severity: Weight-of-evidence analysis.
Discovering Pediatric Asthma Phenotypes on the Basis of Response to Controller Medication Using Machine Learning.
Uncovering Longitudinal Health Care Behaviors for Millions of Medicaid Enrollees: A Multistate Comparison of Pediatric Asthma Utilization.
IgE induces hypotension in asthma mice by down-regulating vascular NCX1 expression through activating MiR-212-5p.
Applying Interactive Mobile health to Asthma Care in Teens (AIM2ACT): Development and design of a randomized controlled trial.
Prevalence of asthma-like symptoms with ageing.
New Therapeutic Targets and Drugs for the Treatment of Asthma.
Asthma Medication Ratio Phenotypes in Elderly Women.
Role of airway epithelial barrier dysfunction in pathogenesis of asthma.
Determinants of low risk of asthma exacerbation during pregnancy.
Role of IL-18 in atopic asthma is determined by balance of IL-18/IL-18BP/IL-18R.
Weight-adjusted Intravenous Reslizumab in Severe Asthma with Inadequate Response to Fixed-Dose Subcutaneous Mepolizumab.
National Prevalence of Poor Asthma Control and Associated Outcomes Among School-Aged Children in the United States.
Distinct Asthma Phenotypes Among Older Adults with Asthma.
Asthma Morbidity, Comorbidities, and Modifiable Factors Among Older Adults.
Comorbidities in Difficult-to-Control Asthma.
Sensitization and Exposure to Pets: The Effect on Asthma Morbidity in the US Population.
Bronchopulmonary dysplasia as a risk factor for asthma in school children and adolescents: A systematic review.
Influences of PON1 on airway inflammation and remodeling in bronchial asthma.
Fibroblast-derived exosomes promote epithelial cell proliferation through TGF-β2 signalling pathway in severe asthma.
IL-17A gene polymorphism rs2275913 is associated with the development of asthma after bronchiolitis in infancy.
Sublingual immunotherapy provides long-term relief in allergic rhinitis and reduces the risk of asthma: A retrospective, real-world database analysis.
Accommodating interruptions: A grounded theory of young people with asthma.
Inflammatory phenotypes in patients with severe asthma are associated with distinct airway microbiology.
Update on Interventions in Prevention and Treatment of Pediatric Asthma.
Expression of Inflammatory Mediators in Induced Sputum: Comparative Study in Asthma and COPD.
Critical roles of adenosine A2A receptor in regulating the balance of Treg/Th17 cells in allergic asthma.
Sensitivity to House Dust Mites Allergens with Atopic Asthma and Its Relationship with CD14 C(-159T) Polymorphism in Patients of West Bengal, India.
Biomarkers of oxidative stress and antioxidants in severe asthma: A Prospective Case-Control Study.
Serum cytokine profiles as predictors of asthma control in adults from the EGEA study.
The neonatal methylome as a gatekeeper in the trajectory to childhood asthma.
Matrix Metalloproteinase-1 Activation Contributes to Airway Smooth Muscle Growth and Asthma Severity.
Path to health asthma study: A survey of pediatric asthma in an urban community.
Prescription of asthma medications before and during pregnancy in France: An observational drug study using the EFEMERIS database.
Factors associated with generic health-related quality of life in adult asthma patients in Germany: Cross-sectional study.
The efficacy and safety of reslizumab for inadequately controlled asthma with elevated blood eosinophil counts: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Asthma in British Columbia: Are we finally breathing easier? A population-based study of the burden of disease over 14 years.
Adult asthma is associated with an increased risk of herpes zoster: A population-based cohort study.
Obstructive Sleep Apnea in Bronchial Asthma Patients: Assessment of Prevalence and Risk Factors.
Asthma mortality in Brazil, 1980-2012: a regional perspective.
Omalizumab for Severe Asthma: Beyond Allergic Asthma.
Evaluation of Soluble CD48 Levels in Patients with Allergic and Nonallergic Asthma in Relation to Markers of Type 2 and Non-Type 2 Immunity: An Observational Study.
Soluble CD163 Levels and CD163+CD14+ Monocyte/Macrophage Counts in Patients with Asthma.
Does early onset asthma increase childhood obesity risk? A pooled analysis of 16 European cohorts.
The association of serum 25-OH vitamin D with asthma in Saudi adults.
Allergy and Asthma: Asthma Management.
Early-life antibiotics attenuate regulatory T cell generation and increase the severity of murine house dust mite-induced asthma.
Maternal Asthma Is an Independent Risk Factor for Long-Term Respiratory Morbidity of the Offspring.
Time-series analysis of satellite-derived fine particulate matter pollution and asthma morbidity in Jackson, MS.
Severe Asthma in Children.
Economic analysis of the phase III MENSA study evaluating mepolizumab for severe asthma with eosinophilic phenotype.
Validated questionnaires heighten detection of difficult asthma comorbidities.
Machine learning approaches for predicting disposition of asthma and COPD exacerbations in the ED.
Variable ventilation decreases airway responsiveness and improves ventilation efficiency in a rat model of asthma.
Associations between childhood biomedical factors, maternal smoking, personality traits, Body and Mass Index and the prevalence of asthma in adulthood.
Asthma Management in the Era of Smart-Medicine: Devices, Gadgets, Apps and Telemedicine.
Influenza-derived peptides cross-react with allergens and provide asthma protection.
Asthma Predictors Influence on Self-management Asthma Education Status.
Serum Metabolomics Analysis of Asthma in Different Inflammatory Phenotypes: A Cross-Sectional Study in Northeast China.
Advances in the treatment of mild asthma: recent evidence.
Genome-wide burden and association analyses implicate copy number variations in asthma risk among children and young adults from Latin America.
Asthma is associated with carotid arterial injury in children: The Childhood Origins of Asthma (COAST) Cohort.
Co-occurrence of Asthma and the Inflammatory Bowel Diseases: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.
Enhanced oxidative stress in smoking and ex-smoking severe asthma in the U-BIOPRED cohort.
Medicaid Coverage of Guidelines-Based Asthma Care Across 50 States, the District of Columbia, and Puerto Rico, 2016-2017.
Asthma-Related Educational Needs of Families With Children With Asthma in an Urban Pediatric Emergency Department.
Impact of Obesity on Asthma Morbidity During a Hospitalization.
Impaired cytolytic activity of asthma-associated natural killer cells is linked to dysregulated transcriptional program in energy metabolism.
Evaluating the Impact and Benefits of Fluticasone Furoate/Vilanterol in Individuals with Asthma or COPD: A Mixed-Methods Analysis of Patient Experiences.
Association between attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and asthma: a systematic review and meta-analysis and a Swedish population-based study.
Alterations of resting-state functional network centrality in patients with asthma: evidence from a voxel-wise degree centrality analysis.
Individuals with filaggrin-related eczema and asthma have increased long-term medication and hospital admission costs.
A clinical follow-up of omalizumab in routine treatment of allergic asthma monitored by CD-sens.
Unraveling a Clinical Paradox: Why Does Bronchial Thermoplasty Work in Asthma?
Association Between Enterovirus Infection and Asthma in Children: A 16-year Nationwide Population-based Cohort Study.
A decade of research on the 17q12-21 asthma locus: Piecing together the puzzle.
Fine particulate pollution and asthma exacerbations.
Physician perceptions of children's coping with asthma are associated with children's psychosocial and disease functioning.
[A retrospective study of the mortality and death-related risk factors of patients hospitalized for asthma exacerbation in Chinese urban areas].
Severe/uncontrolled asthma and overall survival in atopic patients with eosinophilic granulomatosis with polyangiitis.
Meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials for the efficacy and safety of anti-interleukin-13 therapy with lebrikizumab in patients with uncontrolled asthma.
Playing the game: How young people moderate influences in accommodating asthma in their lives.
Applicability of evidence from previous systematic reviews on immunotherapy in current practice of childhood asthma treatment: a GRADE (Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development and Evaluation) systematic review.
Involvements of p38 MAPK and oxidative stress in the ozone-induced enhancement of AHR and pulmonary inflammation in an allergic asthma model.
Using medication utilization information to develop an asthma severity classification model.
Effects of genetic factors to inhaled corticosteroid response in children with asthma: a literature review.
Gene expression analysis in asthma using a targeted multiplex array.
Effects of treatment changes on asthma phenotype prevalence and airway neutrophil function.
An international comparison of asthma, wheeze, and breathing medication use among children.
Huai Qi Huang corrects the balance of Th1/Th2 and Treg/Th17 in an ovalbumin-induced asthma mouse model.
Pharmacokinetic drug evaluation of mepolizumab for the treatment of severe asthma associated with persistent eosinophilic inflammation in adults.
Guiding principles for use of newer biologics and bronchial thermoplasty for patients with severe asthma.
Interleukin 1β polymorphism and serum level are associated with pediatric asthma.
Calcium channel blockers for lung function improvement in asthma: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Identification of potential transcriptomic markers in developing asthma: An integrative analysis of gene expression profiles.
Asthma Management for the Otolaryngologist.
E-cigarette use and asthma in a multiethnic sample of adolescents.
Comparative Clinical, Physiological, and Inflammatory Characteristics of Elderly Subjects With or Without Asthma and Young Subjects With Asthma.
Overall and peripheral lung function assessment by spirometry and forced oscillation technique in relation to asthma diagnosis and control.
Impact of Physical Activity on Reporting of Childhood Asthma Symptoms.
Invariant natural killer T cells promote immunogenic maturation of lung dendritic cells in mouse models of asthma.
Beta-2 receptor agonist exposure in the uterus associated with subsequent risk of childhood asthma.
Spirometry-adjusted fraction of exhaled nitric oxide increases accuracy for assessment of asthma control in children.
Neutrophilic Inflammation in Asthma and Association with Disease Severity.
Prenatal Nitrate Exposure and Childhood Asthma. Influence of Maternal Prenatal Stress and Fetal Sex.
Impact of Asthma on the Sexual Functioning of Patients. A Case-Control Study.
Characterization of Stress in Low-Income, Inner-City Mothers of Children with Poorly Controlled Asthma.
[Asthma control in patients attending primary care in Spain (Actis study)].
Asthma control in London secondary school children.
Asthma exacerbations: factors related to longer hospital stay.
Role of C/EBP homologous protein and endoplasmic reticulum stress in asthma exacerbation by regulating the IL-4/signal transducer and activator of transcription 6/transcription factor EC/IL-4 receptor α positive feedback loop in M2 macrophages.
Sleep duration, obesity, and asthma, in Florida adolescents: analysis of data from the Florida Youth Risk Behavior Survey (2009-2013).
Association between perfluoroalkyl substance exposure and asthma and allergic disease in children as modified by MMR vaccination.
Effectiveness of physiotherapy on quality of life in children with asthma: Study protocol for a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The airway hyperresponsiveness to methacholine may be predicted by impulse oscillometry and plethysmography in children with well-controlled asthma.
Role of offending out-door aero-allergen and CD14 C(-159)T polymorphism in development and severity of asthma in a Kolkata patient population.
Asthma and Respiratory Foundation NZ child and adolescent asthma guidelines: a quick reference guide.
Smoking history and emphysema in asthma-COPD overlap.
Association between risk of asthma and gene polymorphisms in CHI3L1 and CHIA: a systematic meta-analysis.
Access to affordable medicines and diagnostic tests for asthma and COPD in sub Saharan Africa: the Ugandan perspective.
Pulmonary function, exhaled nitric oxide and symptoms in asthma patients with obesity: a cross-sectional study.
Ghrelin Ameliorates Asthma by Inhibiting Endoplasmic Reticulum Stress.
Serum folate concentrations, asthma, atopy, and asthma control in Peruvian children.
Combined effects of multiple risk factors on asthma in school-aged children.
Evaluation of the Efficiency of Single-Inhaler Combination Therapy with Budesonide/Formoterol Fumarate in Patients with Bronchial Asthma in Daily Clinical Practice.
The clinical role of fractional exhaled nitric oxide in asthma control.
Biologics in the treatment of severe asthma.
Breathomics from exhaled volatile organic compounds in pediatric asthma.
Baseline asthma burden, comorbidities, and biomarkers in omalizumab-treated patients in PROSPERO.
Impact of pediatric obesity on acute asthma exacerbation in Japan.
Home supply of emergency oral steroids and reduction in asthma healthcare utilization.
Effect of enterovirus infections on asthma in young children: A national cohort study.
IL-8 Gene Variants and Expression in Childhood Asthma.
Early-life sensitization to hen's egg predicts asthma and rhinoconjunctivitis at 14 years of age.
PM<sub>2.5</sub> components and outpatient visits for asthma: A time-stratified case-crossover study in a suburban area.
A novel statistical model for analyzing data of a systematic review generates optimal cutoff values for fractional exhaled nitric oxide for asthma diagnosis.
Altered vulnerability to asthma at various levels of ambient Benzo[a]Pyrene by CTLA4, STAT4 and CYP2E1 polymorphisms.
Fibromyalgia as a cause of uncontrolled asthma: a case-control multicenter study.
Cytomegalovirus DNA is highly prevalent in the blood of patients with asthma and is associated with age and asthma traits.
Beyond epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition: Common suppression of differentiation programs underlies epithelial barrier dysfunction in mild, moderate, and severe asthma.
Increased Expression of p22phox Mediates Airway Hyperresponsiveness in an Experimental Model of Asthma.
Pediatric asthma hospitalizations among urban minority children and the continuity of primary care.
Characteristics of non-smoking adult asthma patients with chronic airflow limitation.
Long-term control medication use and asthma control status among children and adults with asthma.
Underutilization of Preventive Asthma Visits Among Urban Children With Persistent Asthma.
Major depressive disorder is associated with subsequent adult-onset asthma: a population-based cohort study.
Allergen immunotherapy for allergic asthma: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of increased risk of asthma with elevated arginase & interleukin-13 levels in serum & rs2781666 G/T genotype of arginase I.
Toll-like Receptor 4 Pathway Polymorphisms Interact with Pollution to Influence Asthma Diagnosis and Severity.
[Airway inflammation and small airway wall remodeling in neutrophilic asthma].
Biological function of eosinophil extracellular traps in patients with severe eosinophilic asthma.
Bifidobacterium breve MRx0004 protects against airway inflammation in a severe asthma model by suppressing both neutrophil and eosinophil lung infiltration.
Age at puberty and risk of asthma: A Mendelian randomisation study.
Expression of vitamin D receptor in bronchial asthma and its bioinformatics prediction.
Systematic meta-review of supported self-management for asthma: a healthcare perspective.
Asthma and Risk of Appendicitis in Children: A Population-Based Case-Control Study.
TRPA1 gene polymorphisms and childhood asthma.
Tunicamycin aggravates endoplasmic reticulum stress and airway inflammation via PERK-ATF4-CHOP signaling in a murine model of neutrophilic asthma.
Adipokines, asymmetrical dimethylarginine, and pulmonary function in adolescents with asthma and obesity.
Perceptions and experiences underlying self-management and reporting of symptoms in teens with asthma.
Work stress, asthma control and asthma-specific quality of life: Initial evidence from a cross-sectional study.
Caregiver perception of asthma management of children in the context of poverty.
Childhood asthma exacerbations and the Arg16 β2-receptor polymorphism: A meta-analysis stratified by treatment.
Telomere length was similar in school-age children with bronchopulmonary dysplasia and allergic asthma.
Impact of asthma on women and men: Comparison with the general population using the EQ-5D-5L questionnaire.
Video education versus face-to-face education on inhaler technique for patients with well-controlled or partly-controlled asthma: A phase IV, open-label, non-inferiority, multicenter, randomized, controlled trial.
Effects of obesity on asthma: immunometabolic links.
Associations of Asthma and Asthma Control With Atrial Fibrillation Risk: Results From the Nord-Trøndelag Health Study (HUNT).
Identification of differentially expressed genes associated with asthma in children based on the bioanalysis of the regulatory network.
Role of asthma and intolerance to acetylsalicylic acid on the redox profile in nasal polyp tissue.
New insights into the phenotypes of atopic dermatitis linked with allergies and asthma in children: An overview.
Longitudinal Associations Between Respiratory Infections and Asthma in Young Children.
A three-generation study on the association of tobacco smoking with asthma.
Asthma in Children of Mothers With Systemic Lupus Erythematosus and the Role of Preterm Birth.
Longterm clinical outcomes of omalizumab therapy in severe allergic asthma: Study of efficacy and safety.
Serum carotenoid and tocopherol concentrations and risk of asthma in childhood: a nested case-control study.
Sinus Computed Tomographic Findings in Adult Smokers and Nonsmokers with Asthma. Analysis of Clinical Indices and Biomarkers.
Preeclampsia Associates with Asthma, Allergy, and Eczema in Childhood.
A modified breathing exercise program for asthma is easy to perform and effective.
Hebei Spirit oil spill and its long-term effect on children's asthma symptoms.
Real-world safety and efficacy of omalizumab in patients with severe allergic asthma: A long-term post-marketing study in Japan.
Pharmacists and medication adherence in asthma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
IL-37 inhibits IL-4/IL-13-induced CCL11 production and lung eosinophilia in murine allergic asthma.
Duration of the efficacy of omalizumab after treatment discontinuation in 'real life' severe asthma.
Developing pictorial asthma action plans to promote self-management and health in rural youth with asthma: A qualitative study.
Health-related quality of life in asthma patients - A comparison of two cohorts from 2005 and 2015.
Asthma is associated with endometriosis: A retrospective population-based cohort study.
Hygiene Hypothesis in Asthma Development: Is Hygiene to Blame?
Physician perspectives on the burden and management of asthma in six countries: The Global Asthma Physician Survey (GAPS).
Diet, Obesity, and Asthma.
Metabolic Dysregulation, Systemic Inflammation, and Pediatric Obesity-related Asthma.
Decreased expression of indolamine 2,3-dioxygenase in childhood allergic asthma and its inverse correlation with fractional concentration of exhaled nitric oxide.
Sensitization to Staphylococcus aureus enterotoxins in smokers with asthma.
The Child Opportunity Index and Disparities in Pediatric Asthma Hospitalizations Across One Ohio Metropolitan Area, 2011-2013.
The potential of interleukin-37 as an effective therapeutic agent in asthma.
Diet and Asthma: Is It Time to Adapt Our Message?
Vitamin D supplementation to prevent asthma exacerbations: a systematic review and meta-analysis of individual participant data.
Current asthma and asthma-like symptoms among workers at a Veterans Administration Medical Center.
Deficiency of KLF4 compromises the lung function in an acute mouse model of allergic asthma.
Chemical-induced asthma and the role of clinical, toxicological, exposure and epidemiological research in regulatory and hazard characterization approaches.
Differential regulation of PD-1 and its ligands in allergic asthma.
Pre-surgical Pulmonary Rehabilitation in Asthma Patients Undergoing Bariatric Surgery.
24-h Nitrogen dioxide concentration is associated with cooking behaviors and an increase in rescue medication use in children with asthma.
Is higher population-level use of ICS/LABA combination associated with better asthma outcomes? Cross-sectional surveys of nationally representative populations in New Zealand and Australia.
Eliminating Disparities in Asthma Care: Identifying Broad Challenges in Quality Improvement.
Fine particulate air pollution and hospital visits for asthma in Beijing, China.
Physical activity and asthma control level in children and adolescents.
Increased prevalence of allergic asthma from 1996 to 2006 and further to 2016-results from three population surveys.
Therapeutic roles of telocytes in OVA-induced acute asthma in mice.
Asthma and early herniated intervertebral disc disease.
Age-Dependent Allergic Asthma Development and Cystathionine Gamma-Lyase Deficiency.
Maternal house dust mite exposure during pregnancy enhances severity of house dust mite-induced asthma in murine offspring.
Multifaceted quality improvement initiative to decrease pediatric asthma readmissions.
Impact of telepharmacy services as a way to increase access to asthma care.
Attentional Bias in Children with Asthma with and without Anxiety Disorders.
Acute severe asthma with thyroid crisis and myasthenia: a case report and literature review.
The C79G Polymorphism of the β2-Adrenergic Receptor Gene, ADRB2, and Susceptibility to Pediatric Asthma: Meta-Analysis from Review of the Literature.
Controlled Trial of Budesonide-Formoterol as Needed for Mild Asthma.
Effectiveness and pharmacoeconomic analysis of the treatment of severe asthma with omalizumab in clinical practice.
Missed opportunities to transition from nebulizers to inhalers during hospitalization for acute asthma: A multicenter observational study.
[A multi-center retrospective study of clinical characteristics and hospitalization costs of patients hospitalized for asthma exacerbation in China during 2013-2014].
Evaluation and quantification of treatment preferences for patients with asthma or COPD using discrete choice experiment surveys.
Is insomnia a risk factor for new-onset asthma? A population-based study in Taiwan.
Knowledge about asthma: A cross-sectional survey in 4 major hospitals of Karachi, Pakistan.
Reduced suppressive effect of β<sub>2</sub>-adrenoceptor agonist on fibrocyte function in severe asthma.
Potential Role of the Lung Microbiome in Shaping Asthma Phenotypes.
Mitochondrial Dysfunction Linking Obesity and Asthma.
New inflammatory pathways in asthma: the pathophysiology of asthma revisited
Air Pollution and Dispensed Medications for Asthma, and Possible Effect Modifiers Related to Mental Health and Socio-Economy: A Longitudinal Cohort Study of Swedish Children and Adolescents.
Modes of Infant Feeding and the Risk of Childhood Asthma: A Prospective Birth Cohort Study.
Level of asthma control and risk factors for poor asthma control among clinic patients seen at a Referral Hospital in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia.
Association of imbalance of effector T cells and regulatory cells with the severity of asthma and allergic rhinitis in children.
Asthma in the Elderly.
Oligomeric proanthocyanidins attenuate airway inflammation in asthma by inhibiting dendritic cells maturation.
[Digital action plan for asthma exacerbations (PANAME)].
The role of upper airway pathology as a co-morbidity in severe asthma.
Cleaning and asthma: A systematic review and approach for effective safety assessment.
The impact of prenatal exposure to air pollution on childhood wheezing and asthma: A systematic review.
Severe therapy resistant asthma in children: translational approaches to uncover sub-phenotypes.
Indicators of poorly controlled asthma and health-related quality of life among school-age children in the United States.
Breastfeeding is associated with a decreased risk of childhood asthma exacerbations later in life.
A clustering approach to identify and characterize the asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease overlap phenotype.
Birth decade affects the sensitization pattern and asthma risk in Finnish adult population.
Clinical, functional and inflammatory characteristics in patients with paucigranulocytic stable asthma: Comparison with different sputum phenotypes.
Noninvasive ventilation for acute exacerbations of asthma: A systematic review of the literature.
Gene-Environment Interaction in the Intergenerational Transmission of Asthma.
Antioxidant nutrients in plasma of Japanese patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, asthma-COPD overlap syndrome and bronchial asthma.
Asthma rehabilitation at high vs. low altitude: randomized parallel-group trial.
Who's at risk of thunderstorm asthma? The ryegrass pollen trifecta and lessons learnt from the Melbourne thunderstorm epidemic.
Living Well with Pollution? The Impact of the Concentration of PM<sub>2.5</sub> on the Quality of Life of Patients with Asthma.
Application of structured statistical analyses to identify a biomarker predictive of enhanced tralokinumab efficacy in phase III clinical trials for severe, uncontrolled asthma.
Low-dose l-isoproterenol versus salbutamol in hospitalized pediatric patients with severe acute exacerbation of asthma: A double-blind, randomized controlled trial.
The Usefulness of the Forced Oscillation Technique in the Diagnosis of Bronchial Asthma in Children.
A review of asthma care in 50 general practices in Bedfordshire, United Kingdom.
Applying UK real-world primary care data to predict asthma attacks in 3776 well-characterised children: a retrospective cohort study.
Predictors of benefit from high-altitude climate therapy in adults with severe asthma.
A meta-analysis of the association between CTLA-4 genetic polymorphism and susceptibility of asthma.
Assessment of genetic factor and depression interactions for asthma symptom severity in cohorts of childhood and elderly asthmatics.
Association between asthma control and Interleukin-17F expression levels in adult patients with atopic asthma.
Asthma control, lung function, nutritional status, and health-related quality of life: differences between adult males and females with asthma.
Cost effectiveness of vitamin c supplementation for pregnant smokers to improve offspring lung function at birth and reduce childhood wheeze/asthma.
Prenatal antibiotic exposure and childhood asthma: a population-based study.
Exercise Improves Physical Activity and Comorbidities in Obese Adults with Asthma.
Lifetime secondhand smoke exposure and childhood and adolescent asthma: findings from the PIAMA cohort.
Persistent asthma phenotype related with late-onset, high atopy, and low socioeconomic status in school-aged Korean children.
Asthma Yardstick: Practical recommendations for a sustained step-up in asthma therapy for poorly controlled asthma.
Tiotropium for the treatment of asthma in adolescents.
Pharmacokinetics of tiotropium administered by Respimat<sup>®</sup> in asthma patients: Analysis of pooled data from Phase II and III clinical trials.
The role of the pharmacy in the management of bronchial asthma: A literature-based evaluation.
Allergy in severe asthma.
Clinical and inflammatory features of asthma with dissociation between fractional exhaled nitric oxide and eosinophils in induced sputum.
Breastfeeding and the Developmental Origins of Asthma: Current Evidence, Possible Mechanisms, and Future Research Priorities.
[Correlation of CT small airway measurement with clinical and inflammation factors in asthma patients].
Anti-IL-5 therapy in patients with severe eosinophilic asthma - clinical efficacy and possible criteria for treatment response.
Cell distribution and cytokine levels in induced sputum from healthy subjects and patients with asthma after using different nebulizer techniques.
CHROMOSOMAL INSTABILITY AS A CYTOGENETIC MARKER IN CHILDREN WITH VARYING DEGREES OF CONTROL OF ASTHMA.
Association between blood eosinophil count and risk of readmission for patients with asthma: Historical cohort study.
Should omalizumab be used in severe asthma/COPD overlap?
Associations between dietary scores with asthma symptoms and asthma control in adults.
The increased purchase of asthma medication for individuals born preterm seems to wane with age: A register-based longitudinal national cohort study.
Efficacy of Jia Wei Yang He formula as an adjunctive therapy for asthma: study protocol for a randomized, double blinded, controlled trial.
Association Between TGF-β1 Polymorphisms and Asthma Susceptibility Among the Chinese: A Meta-Analysis.
Use of Antihypertensive Medications and Uterotonics During Delivery Hospitalizations in Women With Asthma.
The asthma-rhinitis multimorbidity is associated with IgE polysensitization in adolescents and adults.
Benralizumab: A New Approach for the Treatment of Severe Eosinophilic Asthma.
Ovalbumin induces natural killer cells to secrete Th2 cytokines IL‑5 and IL‑13 in a mouse model of asthma.
Sources of indoor particulate matter (PM) and outdoor air pollution in China in relation to asthma, wheeze, rhinitis and eczema among pre-school children: Synergistic effects between antibiotics use and PM<sub>10</sub> and second hand smoke.
Obesity and severe asthma.
Phenotype-Driven Therapeutics in Severe Asthma.
Father's environment before conception and asthma risk in his children: a multi-generation analysis of the Respiratory Health In Northern Europe study.
Inflammatory and Comorbid Features of Patients with Severe Asthma and Frequent Exacerbations.
Survey of physicians' attitudes toward the use of magnesium sulfate for acute asthma exacerbations in Turkey.
Health-related quality of life burden in severe asthma.
The prevalence, burden and risk factors associated with bronchial asthma in commonwealth of independent states countries (Ukraine, Kazakhstan and Azerbaijan): results of the CORE study.
Oleuropein Curtails Pulmonary Inflammation and Tissue Destruction in Models of Experimental Asthma and Emphysema.
Higher mortality of adults with asthma: A 15-year follow-up of a population-based cohort.
[The effect of monrustet on the exhalation of nitric oxide and inflammatory cytokines in patients with asthma combined with OSAHS].
The Differences in Serum Quantitative Specific IgE Levels Induced by Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus, Dermatophagoides farinae and Blomia tropicalis Sensitization in Intermittent and Persistent Allergic Asthma.
Severe eosinophilic asthma: from the pathogenic role of interleukin-5 to the therapeutic action of mepolizumab.
[Asthma control and quality of life].
Associations Between Asthma and Sensitization to Pet or Pollen Allergens in Young Swedish Twins - The STOPPA Study.
Real-life effectiveness of asthma treatment with a fixed-dose fluticasone/formoterol pressurised metered-dose inhaler - Results from a non-interventional study.
The impact of inappropriate use of short acting beta agonists in asthma.
Identification and validation of asthma phenotypes in Chinese population using cluster analysis.
Temperature drop and the risk of asthma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Does adherence to the Mediterranean dietary pattern reduce asthma symptoms in children? A systematic review of observational studies.
Phthalate esters and childhood asthma: A systematic review and congener-specific meta-analysis.
Ovatodiolide suppresses allergic airway inflammation and hyperresponsiveness in a murine model of asthma.
Comorbidities in adults with asthma: Population-based cross-sectional analysis of 1.4 million adults in Scotland.
A Multiomics Approach to Identify Genes Associated with Childhood Asthma Risk and Morbidity.
Association of the miR-196a2, miR-146a, and miR-499 Polymorphisms with Asthma Phenotypes in a Korean Population.
Airway basophils are increased and activated in eosinophilic asthma.
Sputum basophils are increased in eosinophilic asthma compared with non-eosinophilic asthma phenotypes.
Long-term predictors of anxiety and depression in adult patients with asthma.
A new approach to spatial identification of potential health hazards associated with childhood asthma.
Fish and seafood consumption during pregnancy and the risk of asthma and allergic rhinitis in childhood: a pooled analysis of 18 European and US birth cohorts.
Effectiveness of training patients using DVD in the accurate use of inhalers for the treatment of bronchial asthma.
Airway inflammation phenotype prediction in asthma patients using lung sound analysis with fractional exhaled nitric oxide.
Phenotypic analysis of asthma in Japanese athletes.
Genome-wide interaction study of dust mite allergen on lung function in children with asthma.
Thymic stromal lymphopoietin contribution to the recruitment of circulating fibrocytes to the lung in a mouse model of chronic allergic asthma.
Effect of Nebulized 3% Hypertonic Saline with Salbutamol on Management of Acute Asthma in Outpatient Adults: A Double-blind, Randomized Clinical Trial in Emergency Department.
Interleukin-12B gene polymorphisms and bronchial asthma risk: A meta-analysis.
Spatiotemporal patterns of childhood asthma hospitalization and utilization in Memphis Metropolitan Area from 2005 to 2015.
Physician agreement regarding the expansion of pharmacist professional activities in the management of patients with asthma.
[IgE sensitization and sociodemographic conditions as determinant factors in asthma severity].
Epigenome-wide association study of asthma and wheeze in childhood and adolescence.
Role of viral infections in the development and exacerbation of asthma in children.
A virtual asthma clinic for children: fewer routine outpatient visits, same asthma control.
Sputum microbiota in severe asthma patients: Relationship to eosinophilic inflammation.
Efficacy of a multidisciplinary pulmonary rehabilitation outpatient program on exacerbations in overweight and obese patients with asthma.
The association between substantiated childhood maltreatment, asthma and lung function: A prospective investigation.
Parent-child interactions in children with asthma and anxiety.
Protective effect of forsythiaside A on OVA-induced asthma in mice.
Effects of β-blockers on house dust mite-driven murine models pre- and post-development of an asthma phenotype.
Polymorphisms in DENND1B gene are associated with asthma and atopy phenotypes in Brazilian children.
Effects of Omalizumab on Rhinovirus Infections, Illnesses, and Exacerbations of Asthma.
Genetic association of the functional CDHR3 genotype with early-onset adult asthma in Japanese populations.
Predicting future risk of exacerbations in Japanese patients with adult asthma: A prospective 1-year follow up study.
Can we predict fall asthma exacerbations? Validation of the seasonal asthma exacerbation index.
Risk factors for Toxocara spp. seroprevalence and its association with atopy and asthma phenotypes in school-age children in a small town and semi-rural areas of Northeast Brazil.
Monoclonal antibodies in severe asthma: is it worth it?
Inhibitory effects of sildenafil and tadalafil on inflammation, oxidative stress and nitrosative stress in animal model of bronchial asthma.
IgE sensitization to food allergens and airborne allergens in relation to biomarkers of type 2 inflammation in asthma.
Influence of Childhood Asthma and Allergies on Occupational Exposure in Early Adulthood: A Prospective Cohort Study.
Patients with overlapping diagnoses of asthma and COPD: is livestock exposure a risk factor for comorbidity and coexisting symptoms and infections?
Function of secreted phospholipase A<sub>2</sub> group-X in asthma and allergic disease.
Association of -308G/A Polymorphism and Serum Level of TNF- α with Bronchial asthma in Children.
[Evaluation of asthma awareness among teachers in Bursa].
[The contribution of an asthma diagnostic consultation service in obtaining an accurate asthma diagnosis for primary care patients: results of a real-life study].
[Association of blood lipids with childhood asthma].
Investigation of the efficacy of generic and brand-name salmeterol/fluticasone combination in the management of asthma: a randomized comparative trial.
The relationship between metabolic syndrome and asthma in the elderly.
Levels of knowledge about asthma of parents of asthmatic children.
A Nasal Brush-based Classifier of Asthma Identified by Machine Learning Analysis of Nasal RNA Sequence Data.
The Melbourne epidemic thunderstorm asthma event 2016: an investigation of environmental triggers, effect on health services, and patient risk factors.
Intramuscular versus oral corticosteroids to reduce relapses following discharge from the emergency department for acute asthma.
Tobacco Product Use Among Youths With and Without Lifetime Asthma - Florida, 2016.
An Assessment of Asthma Therapy in the Pediatric ICU.
Understanding patients' perceptions of asthma control: a qualitative study.
The Variants in the 3' Untranslated Region of the Matrix Metalloproteinase 9 Gene as Modulators of Treatment Outcome in Children with Asthma.
Pleiotropic effects of hypoglycemic agents: implications in asthma and COPD.
Association of Maternal Psychosocial Stress With Increased Risk of Asthma Development in Offspring.
A Structured Approach to Specialist-referred Difficult Asthma Patients Improves Control of Comorbidities and Enhances Asthma Outcomes.
Urinary Leukotriene E4 to Determine Aspirin Intolerance in Asthma: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Changing Paradigms in the Treatment of Severe Asthma: The Role of Biologic Therapies.
Subcutaneous and Sublingual Immunotherapy in a Mouse Model of Allergic Asthma.
Self-Reported Stressful Life Events During Adolescence and Subsequent Asthma: A Longitudinal Study.
Gene Expression Profiling in Blood Provides Reproducible Molecular Insights into Asthma Control.
Utility of serum eosinophil-derived neurotoxin (EDN) measurement by ELISA in young children with asthma.
β-Glucan exacerbates allergic asthma independent of fungal sensitization and promotes steroid-resistant T<sub>H</sub>2/T<sub>H</sub>17 responses.
Transferability of genome-wide associated loci for asthma in African Americans.
Clinical differences between children with asthma and rhinitis in rural and urban areas.
Prevalence of asthma, aspirin sensitivity and allergy in chronic rhinosinusitis: data from the UK National Chronic Rhinosinusitis Epidemiology Study.
Tidal breathing parameters measured by structured light plethysmography in children aged 2-12 years recovering from acute asthma/wheeze compared with healthy children.
A Muscarinic Antagonist Reduces Airway Inflammation and Bronchoconstriction Induced by Ambient Particulate Matter in a Mouse Model of Asthma.
Comparison of findings on thoracic computed tomography with the severity and duration of bronchial asthma in patients with eosinophilic granulomatosis with polyangiitis.
Phosphorylation of low density lipoprotein receptor-related protein 6 is involved in receptor for advanced glycation end product-mediated β-catenin stabilization in a toluene diisocyanate-induced asthma model.
Nanoparticle-based CpG-oligonucleotide therapy for treating allergic asthma.
MicroRNA-744 Inhibits Proliferation of Bronchial Epithelial Cells by Regulating Smad3 Pathway via Targeting Transforming Growth Factor-β1 (TGF-β1) in Severe Asthma.
[New protagonists in asthma pathophysiology].
Association between Glutamine 27 Polymorphism of B2 Adrenergic Receptor and Bronchial Asthma in Children.
[Bronchial thermoplasty for asthma treatment].
The Clinical Significance of Changes in the Expression Levels of MicroRNA-1 and Inflammatory Factors in the Peripheral Blood of Children with Acute-Stage Asthma.
Asthma and Asthma Medication Are Common among Recreational Athletes Participating in Endurance Sport Competitions.
[Association of vitamin D level with asthma control and pulmonary function in asthmatic children aged 4-12 years].
Combined Analysis of Asthma Safety Trials of Long-Acting β<sub>2</sub>-Agonists.
Identifying children at risk of asthma exacerbations: beyond HEDIS.
Antibiotics for exacerbations of asthma.
Cooking behaviors are related to household particulate matter exposure in children with asthma in the urban East Bay Area of Northern California.
Active and passive smoking impacts on asthma with quantitative and temporal relations: A Korean Community Health Survey.
Palivizumab prophylaxis, respiratory syncytial virus and subsequent development of asthma.
Small Molecule Mimetics of α-Helical Domain of IRAK2 Attenuate the Proinflammatory Effects of IL-33 in Asthma-like Mouse Models.
Associations between Neighborhood Walkability and Incident and Ongoing Asthma in Children.
Asthma and rhinitis among Chinese children - Indoor and outdoor air pollution and indicators of socioeconomic status (SES).
Therapeutic use of heparin and derivatives beyond anticoagulation in patients with bronchial asthma or COPD.
Statins in the treatment of COPD and asthma-where do we stand?
Great flood and aeroallergen sensitization in children with asthma and/or allergic rhinitis.
The effectiveness of newly developed written asthma action plan in improvement of asthma outcome in children.
Long-term Safety and Efficacy of Reslizumab in Patients with Eosinophilic Asthma.
Management of Severe Asthma before Referral to the Severe Asthma Specialist.
Global Asthma Network survey suggests more national asthma strategies could reduce burden of asthma.
Improved quality of life in asthma patients under long-term therapy: Assessed by AHQ-Japan.
Severe asthma: Current management, targeted therapies and future directions-A roundtable report.
Omalizumab Treatment Response in a Population With Severe Allergic Asthma and Overlapping COPD.
Asthma and subjective sleep disordered breathing in a large cohort of urban adolescents.
Prevalence of Asthma in School Children on the Arizona-Sonora Border.
Measuring the cost of poor asthma control and exacerbations.
Individual and county level predictors of asthma related emergency department visits among children on Medicaid: A multilevel approach.
Claudin-18 deficiency is associated with airway epithelial barrier dysfunction and asthma.
Respiratory syncytial virus immunoprophylaxis in high-risk infants and development of childhood asthma.
Investigating Fractional Exhaled Nitric Oxide in Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) and Asthma-COPD Overlap (ACO): A Scoping Review.
Biomarkers for severe allergic asthma in children: could they be useful to guide disease control and use of omalizumab?
Potential causes of asthma in the United Arab Emirates: drawing insights from the Arabian Gulf.
Question 1: Why do children still die from asthma?
Toxocara spp. infection and risk of childhood asthma: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Recent advances in the search for novel 5-lipoxygenase inhibitors for the treatment of asthma.
[Severe asthma revisited by biologic therapies emergences].
Racial/Ethnic Variation in Emergency Department Care for Children With Asthma.
Correlation of aspergillus skin hypersensitivity with the duration and severity of asthma.
Work-related asthma in a sample of subjects with established asthma.
Long-term effect of weight loss induced by bariatric surgery on asthma control and health related quality of life in asthmatic patients with severe obesity: A pilot study.
Implementation gaps for asthma prevention and control.
Sleep in young children with asthma and their parents.
Associations of caesarean delivery and the occurrence of neurodevelopmental disorders, asthma or obesity in childhood based on Taiwan birth cohort study.
"I have lost in every facet of my life": the hidden burden of severe asthma.
A qualitative study to identify parents' perceptions of and barriers to asthma management in children from South Asian and White British families.
Mother's education and offspring asthma risk in 10 European cohort studies.
Asthma hospitalisation trends from 2010 to 2015: variation among rural and metropolitan Australians.
A prospective cohort study on ambient air pollution and respiratory morbidities including childhood asthma in adolescents from the western Cape Province: study protocol.
Macrophage dysfunction in the pathogenesis and treatment of asthma.
The national cost of asthma among school-aged children in the United States.
A functional IFN-λ4-generating DNA polymorphism could protect older asthmatic women from aeroallergen sensitization and associate with clinical features of asthma.
Metabolomic study for monitoring of biomarkers in mouse plasma with asthma by gas chromatography-mass spectrometry.
Characteristics of severe asthma with fungal sensitization.
Advances in asthma in 2016: Designing individualized approaches to management.
Leukotriene receptor antagonist attenuated airway inflammation and hyperresponsiveness in a double-stranded RNA-induced asthma exacerbation model.
The validity of register data to identify children with atopic dermatitis, asthma or allergic rhinoconjunctivitis.
Exhaled breath profiles in the monitoring of loss of control and clinical recovery in asthma.
Vitamin E antagonizes ozone-induced asthma exacerbation in Balb/c mice through the Nrf2 pathway.
The School Inner-City Asthma Intervention Study: Design, rationale, methods, and lessons learned.
Transcription factor RBP-J-mediated signalling regulates basophil immunoregulatory function in mouse asthma model.
Association of household cleaning agents and disinfectants with asthma in young German adults.
A pharmacy management service for adults with asthma: a cluster randomised controlled trial.
Fuelling the mechanisms of asthma: Increased fatty acid oxidation in inflammatory immune cells may represent a novel therapeutic target.
Coordinated Asthma Program Improves Asthma Outcomes in High-Risk Children.
Helicobacter pylori infection increases the risk of adult-onset asthma: a nationwide cohort study.
Sleep Hygiene and Sleep Outcomes in a Sample of Urban Children With and Without Asthma.
Asthma Is Associated With Subsequent Development of Inflammatory Bowel Disease: A Population-based Case-Control Study.
Asthma status is an independent risk factor for herpes zoster in children: a population-based cohort study.
Asthma management: A new phenotype-based approach using presence of eosinophilia and allergy.
Long-term future risk of severe exacerbations: Distinct 5-year trajectories of problematic asthma.
Subcutaneous immunotherapy suppresses Th2 inflammation and induces neutralizing antibodies, but sublingual immunotherapy suppresses airway hyperresponsiveness in grass pollen mouse models for allergic asthma.
Association between pediatric home management plan of care compliance and asthma readmission.
Direct concurrent comparison of multiple pediatric acute asthma scoring instruments.
Oral corticosteroid dose changes and impact on peripheral blood eosinophil counts in patients with severe eosinophilic asthma: a post hoc analysis.
Severe Asthma in Childhood.
Personalized Medicine and Pediatric Asthma.
[An analysis of the subcutaneous immunotherapy on the pulmonary function and symptoms of asthma and rhinitis in children].
Filaggrin loss-of-function mutations as a predictor for atopic eczema, allergic sensitization and eczema-associated asthma in Polish children population.
STAT3 regulates cytokine expression in peripheral blood mononuclear cells from asthma patients.
Sputum cell count: biomarkers in the differentiation of asthma, COPD and asthma-COPD overlap.
A randomised controlled study of the effectiveness of breathing retraining exercises taught by a physiotherapist either by instructional DVD or in face-to-face sessions in the management of asthma in adults.
Impaired response of the bronchial epithelium to inflammation characterizes severe equine asthma.
Emerging interleukin receptor antagonists for the treatment of asthma.
Exposure to toxics during pregnancy and childhood and asthma in children: A pilot study.
Anxiety in youth with asthma: A meta-analysis.
Neuropsychiatry phenotype in asthma: Psychological stress-induced alterations of the neuroendocrine-immune system in allergic airway inflammation.
Prednisolone for the first rhinovirus-induced wheezing and 4-year asthma risk: A randomized trial.
Breastfeeding and the risk of childhood asthma: A two-stage instrumental variable analysis to address endogeneity.
The association between blood eosinophil count and benralizumab efficacy for patients with severe, uncontrolled asthma: subanalyses of the Phase III SIROCCO and CALIMA studies.
Bilirubin nanoparticles ameliorate allergic lung inflammation in a mouse model of asthma.
Predictive value of IL-35 and IL-17 in diagnosis of childhood asthma.
Asthma, other atopic conditions and risk of infections in 105 519 general population never and ever smokers.
The Duffy antigen receptor for chemokines regulates asthma pathophysiology.
Urban residence, neighborhood poverty, race/ethnicity, and asthma morbidity among children on Medicaid.
Dysregulation of metabolic pathways in a mouse model of allergic asthma.
Parents' childhood socioeconomic circumstances are associated with their children's asthma outcomes.
Recent Advances in Inflammation and Treatment of Small Airways in Asthma.
Mometasone or Tiotropium in Mild Asthma with a Low Sputum Eosinophil Level.
Recent Diagnosis Techniques in Pediatric Asthma: Impulse Oscillometry in Preschool Asthma and Use of Exhaled Nitric Oxide.
Obesity and asthma: clinical and laboratory characterization of a common combination.
Eicosapentaenoic Acid Enhances the Effects of Mesenchymal Stromal Cell Therapy in Experimental Allergic Asthma.
Identification of differentially expressed genes in childhood asthma.
ML-7 attenuates airway inflammation and remodeling via inhibiting the secretion of Th2 cytokines in mice model of asthma.
Body posture and physical activity in children diagnosed with asthma and allergies symptoms: A report from randomized observational studies.
Thoracic index in adults with asthma: a study of validity and reliability.
Hopkins syndrome following the first episode of bronchial asthma associated with enterovirus D68: a case report.
Circulating CXCR5<sup>+</sup>CD4<sup>+</sup> T cells participate in the IgE accumulation in allergic asthma.
Efficacy and safety of phosphodiesterase 4 inhibitors in patients with asthma: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Aqueous extracts from Uncaria tomentosa (Willd. ex Schult.) DC. reduce bronchial hyperresponsiveness and inflammation in a murine model of asthma.
The association of RAR-related orphan receptor A (RORA) gene polymorphisms with the risk of asthma.
Achieving Good Outcomes for Asthma Living (GOAL): mixed methods feasibility and pilot cluster randomised controlled trial of a practical intervention for eliciting, setting and achieving goals for adults with asthma.
Job strain, bullying and violence at work and asthma in Peruvian cleaners-a cross-sectional analysis.
Predictors of asthma following severe respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) bronchiolitis in early childhood.
Time Trends and Regional Variation in Prevalence of Asthma and Associated Factors in Saudi Arabia: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Benralizumab: From the Basic Mechanism of Action to the Potential Use in the Biological Therapy of Severe Eosinophilic Asthma.
Management of children and young people (CYP) with asthma: a clinical audit report.
Maternal asthma is associated with increased risk of perinatal mortality.
Hypergravity enhances the therapeutic effect of dexamethasone in allergic asthma and rhinitis animal model.
Urinary polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolites and adult asthma: a case-control study.
Inhaled Combined Budesonide-Formoterol as Needed in Mild Asthma.
Chronic features of allergic asthma are enhanced in the absence of resistin-like molecule-beta.
Access to asthma medicines at the household level in eight counties of Kenya.
Homeopathy for Perennial Asthma in Adolescents: Pilot Feasibility Study Testing a Randomised Withdrawal Design.
Allergen-Specific Immunotherapy in the Treatment of Pediatric Asthma: A Systematic Review.
Live Attenuated Influenza Vaccination Before 3 Years of Age and Subsequent Development of Asthma: A 14-year Follow-up Study.
Prevalence of Asthma, COPD, and Chronic Bronchitis in Iran: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.
Comorbidity in severe asthma requiring systemic corticosteroid therapy: cross-sectional data from the Optimum Patient Care Research Database and the British Thoracic Difficult Asthma Registry.
IRAK-M Associates with Susceptibility to Adult-Onset Asthma and Promotes Chronic Airway Inflammation.
Asthma, obesity and targeted interventions: an update.
Dual Role of Toll-like Receptors in Human and Experimental Asthma Models.
Is there a gender-specific association between asthma and carotid intima media thickness in Swiss adolescents?
Step-down of inhaled corticosteroids in non-eosinophilic asthma: A prospective trial in real life.
Effects of an unsupervised pedometer-based physical activity program on daily steps of adults with moderate to severe asthma: a randomized controlled trial.
Animal Model of Asthma, Various Methods and Measured Parameters: A Methodological Review.
Individualized therapy for persistent asthma in young children.
Management and referral of patients with severe and poorly controlled asthma in primary care.
Simultaneously elevated exhaled nitric oxide and serum-eosinophil cationic protein relate to recent asthma events in asthmatics in a cross-sectional population-based study.
Combining genomewide association study and lung eQTL analysis provides evidence for novel genes associated with asthma.
Berberine improves airway inflammation and inhibits NF-κB signaling pathway in an ovalbumin-induced rat model of asthma.
Atopy, but not obesity is associated with asthma severity among children with persistent asthma.
Presence of sarcopenia in asthma-COPD overlap syndrome may be a risk factor for decreased bone-mineral density, unlike asthma: Korean National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (KNHANES) IV and V (2008-2011).
[Warning symptoms of asthma attack and asthma self-management: a national asthma control survey from China].
Regulation of human airway smooth muscle cell migration and relevance to asthma.
Validation of asthma recording in the Clinical Practice Research Datalink (CPRD).
Contribution of weight status to asthma prevalence racial disparities, 2-19 year olds, 1988-2014.
Proteomic analysis of sputum reveals novel biomarkers for various presentations of asthma.
Feasibility of a Secure Wireless Sensing Smartwatch Application for the Self-Management of Pediatric Asthma.
The STOPPA Twin Study Explains the Exhaled Nitric Oxide and Asthma Link by Genetics and Sensitization.
The role of trait mindfulness in quality of life and asthma control among adolescents with asthma.
Reslizumab in the treatment of inadequately controlled asthma in adults and adolescents with elevated blood eosinophils: clinical trial evidence and future prospects.
Mycoplasma pneumoniae and health outcomes in children with asthma.
The effect of a holistic self-management plan on asthma control.
Associations of Genetic Polymorphisms Relevant to Metabolic Pathway of Vitamin D3 with Development and Prognosis of Childhood Bronchial Asthma.
Glucosamine has an antiallergic effect in mice with allergic asthma and rhinitis.
The Role of Oxidative Stress in the Clinical Manifestations of Childhood Asthma.
Predictors of emergency department use in children with persistent asthma in metropolitan Atlanta, Georgia.
Association Between Bacillus Calmette-Guérin Vaccination and Childhood Asthma in the Quebec Birth Cohort on Immunity and Health.
Poor sleep quality has an adverse effect on childhood asthma control and lung function measures.
Post-Effect of Air Quality Improvement on Biomarkers for Systemic Inflammation and Microparticles in Asthma Patients After the 2008 Beijing Olympic Games: a Pilot Study.
Early life antibiotic use and the risk of asthma and asthma exacerbations in children.
Is bronchial thermoplasty cost-effective as treatment for problematic asthma patients? Singapore's perspective on a global model.
Critical role of Toll-like receptors in pathophysiology of allergic asthma.
Asthma, allergy, and obesity: Examining the relationship among Nevada children.
Differences in the risk of mood disorders in patients with asthma-COPD overlap and in patients with COPD alone: a nationwide population-based retrospective cohort study in Korea.
Nanoscale fluorescent metal-organic framework composites as a logic platform for potential diagnosis of asthma.
Protective effect of heart rate variability biofeedback on stress-induced lung function impairment in asthma.
[Cytokine profiles of CD4(+) T memory cells in asthma and their relationship with asthma severity].
[Seasonal characteristics of patients hospitalized for asthma exacerbation in China].
Paediatric asthma control under a community management model in China: a protocol for a prospective multicentre cohort study.
Pharmacogenetics and the treatment of asthma.
Effects of 25 hydroxy vitamin D levels on the severity and asthma control in school age asthma patients.
The pro-inflammatory cytokines, salivary cortisol and alpha-amylase are associated with generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) in patients with asthma.
American Thoracic Society/National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute Asthma-Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease Overlap Workshop Report.
Seizure-related hospital admissions, readmissions and costs: Comparisons with asthma and diabetes in South Australia.
Respiratory Syncytial virus infection compromises asthma tolerance by recruiting interleukin-17A-producing cells via CCR6-CCL20 signaling.
Self-management research of asthma and good drug use (SMARAGD study): a pilot trial.
Pharmacists' perspectives of the current status of pediatric asthma management in the U.S. community pharmacy setting.
Consensus on the Asthma-COPD Overlap Syndrome (ACOS) Between the Spanish COPD Guidelines (GesEPOC) and the Spanish Guidelines on the Management of Asthma (GEMA).
Development of School-Based Asthma Management Programs in Rochester, New York: Presented in Honor of Dr Robert Haggerty.
Application of a Natural Language Processing Algorithm to Asthma Ascertainment. An Automated Chart Review.
Sublingual immunotherapy tablets as a disease-modifying add-on treatment option to pharmacotherapy for allergic rhinitis and asthma.
IL4Rα and ADAM33 as genetic markers in asthma exacerbations and type-2 inflammatory endotype.
Role for NLRP3 Inflammasome-mediated, IL-1β-Dependent Responses in Severe, Steroid-Resistant Asthma.
Clinical Mimics: An Emergency Medicine-Focused Review of Asthma Mimics.
A single intervention for cockroach control reduces cockroach exposure and asthma morbidity in children.
A cross-sectional assessment of the prevalence and burden of mild asthma in urban China using the 2010, 2012, and 2013 China National Health and Wellness Surveys.
Asthma control and obesity in urban African American children.
The role of endosomal toll-like receptors in asthma.
Obesity increases the prevalence and the incidence of asthma and worsens asthma severity.
Meditation for asthma: Systematic review and meta-analysis.
Falls rate increase and foot dorsal flexion limitations are exhibited in patients who suffer from asthma: A novel case-control study.
Clinical Characteristics of Severe Refractory Asthma Associated with the Effectiveness of Bronchial Thermoplasty.
Beneficial effects of rosiglitazone, a peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-γ agonist, in a mouse allergic asthma model is not associated with the recruitment or generation of Foxp3-expressing CD4<sup>+</sup> regulatory T cells.
Variability of outcome measures in trials of intravenous therapy in acute severe paediatric asthma: a systematic review.
Epigenetic Changes in Airway Smooth Muscle as a Driver of Airway Inflammation and Remodeling in Asthma.
Effect of antibiotic use for acute bronchiolitis on new-onset asthma in children.
Seasonal asthma in Melbourne, Australia, and some observations on the occurrence of thunderstorm asthma and its predictability.
Recurrent lower respiratory illnesses among young children in rural Kyrgyzstan: overuse of antibiotics and possible under-diagnosis of asthma. A qualitative FRESH AIR study.
Does specialist physician supply affect pediatric asthma health outcomes?
Prevalence of Asthma, Asthma Attacks, and Emergency Department Visits for Asthma Among Working Adults - National Health Interview Survey, 2011-2016.
Outdoor air pollution, exhaled 8-isoprostane and current asthma in adults: the EGEA study.
Phagocytosis, bacterial killing, and cytokine activation of circulating blood neutrophils in horses with severe equine asthma and control horses.
Asthma health services utilisation before, during and after pregnancy: a population-based cohort study.
Respiratory syncytial virus prevention and asthma in healthy preterm infants: a randomised controlled trial.
Asthma exacerbation prediction: recent insights.
Regional, age and respiratory-secretion-specific prevalence of respiratory viruses associated with asthma exacerbation: a literature review.
Pediatric Asthma Management in China: Current and Future Challenges.
Leukotriene-mediated sex dimorphism in murine asthma-like features during allergen sensitization.
Adverse events profile of oral corticosteroids among asthma patients in the UK: cohort study with a nested case-control analysis.
Small and large airway reactions to osmotic stimuli in asthma and chronic idiopathic cough.
Considerations of prescribers and pharmacists for the use of non-selective β-blockers in asthma and COPD patients: An explorative study.
Clinical and Functional Characteristics of Subjects with Asthma, COPD, and Asthma-COPD Overlap: A Multicentre Study in Vietnam.
[Bronchial adenoid cystic carcinoma masquerading as bronchial asthma: a case report].
Estimated cost of asthma in outpatient treatment: a real-world study.
Asthma and COPD overlap (ACO) is related to a high burden of sleep disturbance and respiratory symptoms: Results from the RHINE and Swedish GA2LEN surveys.
Association of Inhaled Corticosteroids and Long-Acting β-Agonists as Controller and Quick Relief Therapy With Exacerbations and Symptom Control in Persistent Asthma: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.
Multimorbidity medications and poor asthma prognosis.
Assessing the impact of air pollution on childhood asthma morbidity: how, when, and what to do.
Asthma in inner city children: recent insights: United States.
Development of allergic sensitization and its relevance to paediatric asthma.
Biomarkers and asthma management: analysis and potential applications.
Evidence establishing a link between prenatal and early-life stress and asthma development.
Differential connectivity of gene regulatory networks distinguishes corticosteroid response in asthma.
Longitudinal trends in clinical characteristics and lung function of patients with severe asthma under treatment in Brazil.
Interleukin-5 Antagonists Usher in a New Generation of Asthma Therapy.
Development of a patient decision aid on inhaled corticosteroids use for adults with asthma.
The integrated care of asthma in Switzerland (INCAS)-study: Patients' perspective of received asthma care and their interest in asthma education.
Assessment of the Therapeutic Effects of Fucoxanthin by Attenuating Inflammation in Ovalbumin-Induced Asthma in an Experimental Animal Model.
Expression and Regulation of Thymic Stromal Lymphopoietin and Thymic Stromal Lymphopoietin Receptor Heterocomplex in the Innate-Adaptive Immunity of Pediatric Asthma.
Specific, but not general beliefs about medicines are associated with medication adherence in patients with COPD, but not asthma: Cohort study in a population of people with chronic pulmonary disease.
Knowledge of Inhaled Therapy and Responsibility for Asthma Management Among Young Teens With Uncontrolled Persistent Asthma.
A comparison of seasonal trends in asthma exacerbations among children from geographic regions with different climates.
Conjugated Alpha-Alumina nanoparticle with vasoactive intestinal peptide as a Nano-drug in treatment of allergic asthma in mice.
The difference in amount of physical activity performed by children with and without asthma: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Asthma susceptibility variants are more strongly associated with clinically similar subgroups.
[The level of asthma control in China from a national asthma control survey].
Asthma Control and Care Among Malaysian Primary School Children: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Obesity and Asthma: A Missing Link.
[The relationship between smoking status and epidermiology of asthma in people aged over 14 years in China].
Patient preferences for dry powder inhaler attributes in asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease in France: a discrete choice experiment.
Genetic variants and risk of asthma in an American Indian population.
Asthma in older people hospitalized with influenza in Spain: A case-control study.
A History of Asthma From Childhood and Left Ventricular Mass in Asymptomatic Young Adults: The Bogalusa Heart Study.
Mepolizumab for the treatment of severe eosinophilic asthma.
Duration and exclusiveness of breastfeeding and school-age lung function and asthma.
Students With Asthma and Its Impacts.
Allergic sinusitis and severe asthma caused by occupational exposure to locust bean gum: Case report.
Effects of microRNA-19b on airway remodeling, airway inflammation and degree of oxidative stress by targeting TSLP through the Stat3 signaling pathway in a mouse model of asthma.
Economic burden of diagnosed pertussis among individuals with asthma or chronic obstructive pulmonary disease in the USA: an analysis of administrative claims.
Time-Dependent Associations Between Body Composition, Physical Activity, and Current Asthma in Women: A Marginal Structural Modeling Analysis.
Mouse models of severe asthma: Understanding the mechanisms of steroid resistance, tissue remodelling and disease exacerbation.
Inflammatory biomarkers for asthma endotyping and consequent personalized therapy.
Utility of serum periostin in combination with exhaled nitric oxide in the management of asthma.
Comprehensive Neighborhood Portraits and Child Asthma Disparities.
Does treatment of paradoxical vocal fold movement disorder decrease asthma medication use?
Early-life farm exposures and adult asthma and atopy in the Agricultural Lung Health Study.
Magnesium alginate in children with uncontrolled asthma.
The Effects of Dietary Supplements on Asthma and Lung Cancer Risk in Smokers and Non-Smokers: A Review of the Literature.
Current and Emerging Biologic Therapies for Asthma and COPD.
Death-specific rate due to asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease in Iran.
Antibody therapy for the management of severe asthma with eosinophilic inflammation.
Body Mass Index Development and Asthma Throughout Childhood.
Exploring the perspectives of clinical professionals and support staff on implementing supported self-management for asthma in UK general practice: an IMP<sup>2</sup>ART qualitative study.
Endotypes of difficult-to-control asthma in inner-city African American children.
Mechanisms and treatments for severe, steroid-resistant allergic airway disease and asthma.
Efficacy and safety of omalizumab in children and adolescents with moderate-to-severe asthma: A systematic literature review.
Evaluation of the psychometric properties of the St George's Respiratory Questionnaire in patients with severe asthma.
Prenatal environmental tobacco smoke exposure increases allergic asthma risk with methylation changes in mice.
Early menarche and new onset of asthma: Results from the SAPALDIA cohort study.
Responsiveness to oral prednisolone in severe asthma is related to the degree of eosinophilic airway inflammation.
Autophagy plays a role in FSTL1-induced epithelial mesenchymal transition and airway remodeling in asthma.
Adolescent girls with asthma have worse asthma control and health-related quality of life than boys-A population based study.
Concentration-response of short-term ozone exposure and hospital admissions for asthma in Texas.
Assessment of temporal variation for the risk of particulate matters on asthma hospitalization.
Population-based study shows that teenage girls with asthma had impaired health-related quality of life.
Preventing Severe Asthma Exacerbations in Children. A Randomized Trial of Mite-Impermeable Bedcovers.
Association of Gene Polymorphisms in Interleukin 6 in Infantile Bronchial Asthma.
Childhood Lung Function Predicts Adult Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease and Asthma-Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease Overlap Syndrome.
Race is associated with differences in airway inflammation in patients with asthma.
Asthma in children of Caribbean descent living in the inner-city: comparing Puerto Rican and Afro-Caribbean children.
Behavioral impact of maternal allergic-asthma in two genetically distinct mouse strains.
Adenosine monophosphate is not superior to histamine for bronchial provocation test for assessment of asthma control and symptoms.
Features of the current of bronchial asthma in the presence of komorbidy allergic rhinitis.
[Asthma - Update 2019].
Associations of urban greenness with asthma and respiratory symptoms in Mexican American children.
Association of group-specific component exon 11 polymorphisms with bronchial asthma in children and adolescents.
[Association of asthma control with psychological factors in women].
Endobronchial biopsy in the final diagnosis of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and asthma: a clinicopathological study.
Asthma-Related Emergency Department Visits in North Carolina, 2010-2014.
The CD14 (-159 C/T) SNP is associated with sCD14 levels and allergic asthma, but not with CD14 expression on monocytes.
Clinical and inflammatory characteristics of Asthma-COPD overlap in workers with occupational asthma.
Caregiver Daily Experiences Associated with Child Asthma Symptoms.
A Quality Improvement Intervention to Improve Inpatient Pediatric Asthma Controller Accuracy.
Vasoactive intestinal peptide inhibits airway smooth muscle cell proliferation in a mouse model of asthma via the ERK1/2 signaling pathway.
The Economic Burden of Asthma in the United States, 2008-2013.
Decreased soluble RAGE in neutrophilic asthma is correlated with disease severity and RAGE G82S variants.
Risk factors for asthma occurrence in children with early-onset atopic dermatitis: An 8-year follow-up study.
Identifying Persistent Asthma in Children: A Comparison of Healthcare Effectiveness Data and Information Set Criteria and National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute Guidelines.
Adherence to treatment recommendations and short-term outcome of pleasure and sport horses with equine asthma.
One size does not fit all: Links between shift-and-persist and asthma in youth are moderated by perceived social status and experience of unfair treatment.
Recruitment and retention of the Hardest-to-Reach families in community-based asthma interventions.
Clinical and economic impact of a one-year treatment with omalizumab in patients with severe allergic asthma within a drug programme in Poland.
Favorable longitudinal change of lung function in patients with asthma-COPD overlap from a COPD cohort.
Pilot Clinical Trial of High-Flow Oxygen Therapy in Children with Asthma in the Emergency Service.
Respiratory impedance is correlated with airway narrowing in asthma using three-dimensional computed tomography.
Asthma control, lung function, symptoms, and corticosteroid sparing after omalizumab initiation in patients with allergic asthma.
Asthma Control and Asthma Medication Use among Swedish Elite Endurance Athletes.
SUBLINGUAL IMMUNOTHERAPY FOR ALLERGIC ASTHMA AND RHINITIS.
[When and how to step down asthma treatment].
The relationship between Muc5ac high secretion and Munc18b upregulation in obese asthma.
Assessing medical home mechanisms: certification, asthma education, and outcomes.
[A Meta analysis of risk factors for asthma in Chinese children].
Interventions for autumn exacerbations of asthma in children.
Plasma miR-199a-5p is increased in neutrophilic phenotype asthma patients and negatively correlated with pulmonary function.
Development of Asthma in Inner-City Children: Possible Roles of MAIT Cells and Variation in the Home Environment.
Asthma and atopic dermatitis after early-, late-, and post-term birth.
Effect of the School-Based Telemedicine Enhanced Asthma Management (SB-TEAM) Program on Asthma Morbidity: A Randomized Clinical Trial.
Omalizumab treats chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps and asthma together-a real life study.
Heart Rate Variability Biofeedback Does Not Substitute for Asthma Steroid Controller Medication.
Association between PTPN22/CTLA-4 Gene Polymorphism and Allergic Rhinitis with Asthma in Children.
Expression of asthma susceptibility genes in bronchial epithelial cells and bronchial alveolar lavage in the Severe Asthma Research Program (SARP) cohort.
Agreement between current and active asthma classification methods, Asthma Call-back Survey, 2011-2012.
Adapting and implementing an evidence-based asthma counseling intervention for resource-poor populations.
OX40L induces helper T cell differentiation during cell immunity of asthma through PI3K/AKT and P38 MAPK signaling pathway.
Association between psoriasis and asthma risk: A meta-analysis.
The genes involved in asthma with the treatment of human embryonic stem cell-derived mesenchymal stem cells.
FourFold Asthma Study (FAST): a study protocol for a randomised controlled trial evaluating the clinical cost-effectiveness of temporarily quadrupling the dose of inhaled steroid to prevent asthma exacerbations.
Leveraging Partnerships: Families, Schools, and Providers Working Together to Improve Asthma Management.
Biomarkers of Airway Type-2 Inflammation and Integrating Complex Phenotypes to Endotypes in Asthma.
Does urban extent from satellite images relate to symptoms of asthma, rhinoconjunctivitis and eczema in children? A cross-sectional study from ISAAC Phase Three.
Vitamin D receptor polymorphisms may contribute to asthma risk.
Phase 3 Study of Reslizumab in Patients With Poorly Controlled Asthma: Effects Across a Broad Range of Eosinophil Counts.
Expression profiling of miRNA-145 and miRNA-338 in serum and sputum of patients with COPD, asthma, and asthma-COPD overlap syndrome phenotype.
Association between untreated carious lesions and asthma in adults at Rabat University Hospital, Morocco: a cross sectional study.
The cost of systemic corticosteroid-induced morbidity in severe asthma: a health economic analysis.
Human adipose tissue mesenchymal stromal cells and their extracellular vesicles act differentially on lung mechanics and inflammation in experimental allergic asthma.
Factors related to poor asthma control in Latvian asthma patients between 2013 and 2015.
Cationic CaMKII Inhibiting Nanoparticles Prevent Allergic Asthma.
Asthma and risk of coronary heart disease: A meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Association Between Asthma and Periodontitis: Results From the Korean National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey.
Asthma management in a specialist setting: Results of an Italian Respiratory Society survey.
Mortality risk in patients with chronic rhinosinusitis and its association to asthma.
TIPE2 Inhibits the Expression of Asthma-Related Inflammatory Factors in Hyperstretched Bronchial Epithelial Cells Through the Wnt/β-Catenin Pathway.
Review: Placental adaptations to the presence of maternal asthma during pregnancy.
Phosphoinositide 3-Kinase in Asthma: Novel Roles and Therapeutic Approaches.
A randomised controlled feasibility trial of Group Cognitive Behavioural Therapy for people with severe asthma.
U-BIOPRED clinical adult asthma clusters linked to a subset of sputum omics.
Effect of aging on sputum inflammation and asthma control.
Evaluation of a School-Based Asthma Education Protocol.
A cross-sectional content analysis of Android applications for asthma.
Childhood Asthma: Advances Using Machine Learning and Mechanistic Studies.
Can asthma be well controlled with NAEPP guideline care in morbidly obese children? The Breathmobile.
The effect of balance training intervention on postural stability in children with asthma.
The Effect of Salt Space on Clinical Findings and Peak Expiratory Flow in Children with Mild to Moderate Asthma: A Randomized Crossover Trial.
Use of Global initiative for asthma (GINA) guidelines in asthma management among paediatric residents in a Sub Saharan African country: a cross-sectional descriptive study.
Phenotypes Determined by Cluster Analysis in Moderate to Severe Bronchial Asthma.
Treatment trends in patients with asthma-COPD overlap syndrome in a COPD cohort: findings from a real-world survey.
Pathogenesis of asthma: implications for precision medicine.
Socio-demographic factors related to under-diagnosis of childhood asthma in Upper Silesia, Poland.
[Therapeutic effects of Tubastatin A Hcl on airway inflammation in acute mice asthma model].
dIvergEnt: How IgE Axis Contributes to the Continuum of Allergic Asthma and Anti-IgE Therapies.
Defining asthma and assessing asthma outcomes using electronic health record data: a systematic scoping review.
In patients with severe uncontrolled asthma, does knowledge of adherence and inhaler technique using electronic monitoring improve clinical decision making? A protocol for a randomised controlled trial.
Specific allergen immunotherapy for the treatment of allergic asthma: a review of current evidence.
Computational analysis of multimorbidity between asthma, eczema and rhinitis.
[Epidemiology of asthma in adults living in the Silesian voivodeship according to secondary epidemiological data].
Effect of personal exposure to black carbon on changes in allergic asthma gene methylation measured 5 days later in urban children: importance of allergic sensitization.
The case for impulse oscillometry in the management of asthma in children and adults.
Life Impact and Treatment Preferences of Individuals with Asthma and Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease: Results from Qualitative Interviews and Focus Groups.
Asthma-related lung function, sleep quality, and sleep duration in urban children.
Prevalence of high fractional exhaled nitric oxide among US youth with asthma.
Effects of acute psychological stress induced in laboratory on physiological responses in asthma populations: A systematic review.
Effects of fine particulate matter and its constituents on emergency room visits for asthma in southern Taiwan during 2008-2010: a population-based study.
Prospects for new and emerging therapeutics in severe asthma: the role of biologics.
Associations of TIM-1 Genetic Polymorphisms with Asthma: A Meta-analysis.
Air pollution and children's asthma-related emergency hospital visits in southeastern France.
Genetic susceptibility to severe asthma with fungal sensitization.
Thunderstorm-related asthma attacks.
The circadian protein BMAL1 in myeloid cells is a negative regulator of allergic asthma.
Age at onset and persistence of eczema are related to subsequent risk of asthma and hay fever from birth to 18 years of age.
Positive Expiratory Pressure for the Treatment of Acute Asthma Exacerbations: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
Evaluation of the associations between childhood asthma and prenatal and perinatal factors.
Illness Experience, Self-Determination, and Recreational Activities in Pediatric Asthma.
The relationship between migraine headache and asthma features.
Mitogen-activated protein kinases as therapeutic targets for asthma.
Risk factors hindering asthma symptom control in Saudi children and adolescents.
Metabolomic profiling of lung function in Costa-Rican children with asthma.
Sensitization predicts asthma development among wheezing toddlers in secondary healthcare.
CD48 on blood leukocytes and in serum of asthma patients varies with severity.
Intraepithelial neutrophils in pediatric severe asthma are associated with better lung function.
A novel microRNA miR-1165-3p as a potential diagnostic biomarker for allergic asthma.
Serum levels of vitamin A and 25-hydroxyvitamin D3 (25OHD3) as reflectors of pulmonary function and quality of life (QOL) in children with stable asthma: A case-control study.
Indoor bacteria and asthma in adults: a multicentre case-control study within ECRHS II.
Asthma prevalence among adults in Saudi Arabia.
Advances and Evolving Concepts in Allergic Asthma.
Respiratory Viruses and Asthma.
Management of Asthma during Pregnancy: Optimizing Outcomes and Minimizing Risk.
Environmental Causes of Asthma.
Vital Signs: Asthma in Children - United States, 2001-2016.
The Prevalence and Symptom Profile of Asthma-COPD Overlap: The HUNT Study.
Asthma versus chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, the Dutch versus British hypothesis, and role of interleukin-5.
Prenatal stress challenge impairs fetal lung development and asthma severity sex-specifically in mice.
Epigallocatechin-3-gallate inhibits inflammation and epithelial‑mesenchymal transition through the PI3K/AKT pathway via upregulation of PTEN in asthma.
Biomarkers related to respiratory symptoms and lung function in adults with asthma.
Relationship between total serum immunoglobulin E levels, fractional exhaled breath nitric oxide levels and absolute blood eosinophil counts in atopic and non-atopic asthma: a controlled comparative study.
Longitudinal depression or anxiety in mothers and offspring asthma: a Swedish population-based study.
[Asthma, COPD or overlap? Symptoms and diagnostic procedures].
[What's new on asthma in primary care].
The Portuguese Severe Asthma Registry: Development, Features, and Data Sharing Policies.
Lung-restricted inhibition of Janus kinase 1 is effective in rodent models of asthma.
Wellness coaches in intervention delivery: pediatric asthma as an example.
Interventions to enhance the adoption of asthma self-management behaviour in the South Asian and African American population: a systematic review.
Dendritic cells conditioned by activin A-induced regulatory T cells exhibit enhanced tolerogenic properties and protect against experimental asthma.
25-Hydroxyvitamin D concentrations, asthma and eczema in childhood: The generation R study.
Protective Effects of Licochalcone A Improve Airway Hyper-Responsiveness and Oxidative Stress in a Mouse Model of Asthma.
Parental Depression is Prospectively Associated With Lower Smoking Cessation Rates and Poor Child Asthma Outcomes.
Asthma and poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase inhibition: a new therapeutic approach.
The characteristic of asthma control among nasal diseases population: Results from a cross-sectional study.
Virome and bacteriome characterization of children with pneumonia and asthma in Mexico City during winter seasons 2014 and 2015.
Emerging Concepts in Evidence-Based Asthma Management.
Controlling the Risk Domain in Pediatric Asthma through Personalized Care.
Exercise and Asthma.
Epidemiology of Asthma and Influence of Ethnicity.
Comparative Study of IL-33 and IL-6 Levels in Different Respiratory Samples in Mild-to-Moderate Asthma and COPD.
Effects of older age and age of asthma onset on clinical and inflammatory variables in severe refractory asthma.
Important non-disease-related determinants of exhaled nitric oxide levels in mild asthma - results from the Swedish GA(2) LEN study.
Epidemiology of asthma-related disability in the U.S. Armed Forces: 2007-2012.
Uncontrolled asthma and its risk factors in Chinese children: A cross-sectional observational study.
Patient-physician relationship in the management of asthma: Multicentric approach in Latin America.
Risk factors associated with 30-day asthma readmissions.
Asthma management in New York City schools: A classroom teacher perspective.
Understanding the Unfolded Protein Response in the Pathogenesis of Asthma.
Zinc sulfate improved the unbalanced T cell profiles in Der p-allergic asthma: An ex vivo study.
Fungal sensitisation in severe asthma is associated with the identification of Aspergillus fumigatus in sputum.
[Benralizumab: Targeting the IL-5 Receptor in Severe Eosinophilic Asthma].
Protective effects and active ingredients of Salvia miltiorrhiza Bunge extracts on airway responsiveness, inflammation and remodeling in mice with ovalbumin-induced allergic asthma.
Kininogen deficiency or depletion reduces enhanced pause independent of pulmonary inflammation in a house dust mite-induced murine asthma model.
Characteristics of breath sound in infants with risk factors for asthma development.
Adherence to the Mediterranean diet and inflammatory markers in children with asthma.
Prevalence and severity of asthma among Indian school children aged between 6 and 14 years: associations with parental smoking and traffic pollution.
Association between asthma and dysphonia: A population-based study.
San Francisco childcare centers' preparedness in the prevention and management of asthma among preschool-aged children.
The development of an educational video to motivate teens with asthma to be more involved during medical visits and to improve medication adherence.
Youth secrets are associated with poorer sleep and asthma symptoms via negative affect.
Teaming Up for Asthma Control: EPR-3 Compliant School Program in Missouri Is Effective and Cost-Efficient.
[Evolution of Asthma Prevalence and Sociodemographic and Health Factors Associated in Madrid Region (1996-2013)].
Is Neighborhood Green Space Protective against Associations between Child Asthma, Neighborhood Traffic Volume and Perceived Lack of Area Safety? Multilevel Analysis of 4447 Australian Children.
Infection-mediated asthma: etiology, mechanisms and treatment options, with focus on Chlamydia pneumoniae and macrolides.
[Asthma and obesity].
Immunohistology and remodeling in fatal pediatric and adolescent asthma.
Addressing unmet needs in understanding asthma mechanisms: From the European Asthma Research and Innovation Partnership (EARIP) Work Package (WP)2 collaborators.
Association between depression and asthma in Korean adults.
Home-made spacer as an auxiliary device in administration of beclomethasone via pressurized metered dose inhaler for asthma control. A randomized controlled pragmatic trial.
Control of Allergic Rhinitis and Asthma Test for Children (CARATKids): Validation in Brazil and cutoff values.
Biologic and New Therapies in Asthma.
Co-morbidities in severe asthma: Clinical impact and management.
A patient advocate to facilitate access and improve communication, care, and outcomes in adults with moderate or severe asthma: Rationale, design, and methods of a randomized controlled trial.
Asthma and gender: The female lung.
Socioeconomic and air pollution correlates of adult asthma, heart attack, and stroke risks in the United States, 2010-2013.
Clinical markers of asthma and IgE assessed in parents before conception predict asthma and hayfever in the offspring.
Introduction of a new paediatric asthma guideline: Effects on asthma control levels.
Effects of Childhood Asthma on the Development of Obesity among School-aged Children.
Maternal vitamin D status during pregnancy and risk of childhood asthma: A meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Therapeutic approaches to asthma-chronic obstructive pulmonary disease overlap.
Results from a pragmatic prospective cohort study: Shared decision making improves outcomes for children with asthma.
Asthma outcomes improve with continuous positive airway pressure for obstructive sleep apnea.
Depressive symptoms, quality of sleep, and disease control in women with asthma.
State-level medical and absenteeism cost of asthma in the United States.
Mechanism of T<sub>H</sub>2/T<sub>H</sub>17-predominant and neutrophilic T<sub>H</sub>2/T<sub>H</sub>17-low subtypes of asthma.
Factors associated with overestimation of asthma control: A cross-sectional study in Australia.
[Benralizumab: Targeting the IL-5 Receptor in Severe Eosinophilic Asthma].
Roles of Periostin in Asthma.
[MASK (Mobile Airways Sentinel Network). ARIA's comprehensive solution for mobile app for the multimorbidity of allergic rhinitis and asthma].
The Differential Expression Profiles of miRNA-let 7a, 7b, and 7c in Bronchoalveolar Lavage Fluid From Infants With Asthma and Airway Foreign Bodies.
Dupilumab (Dupixent) for asthma.
The regulatory role of semaphorin 3E in allergic asthma.
The use of mobile applications to support self-management for people with asthma: a systematic review of controlled studies to identify features associated with clinical effectiveness and adherence.
Validation of asthma recording in electronic health records: protocol for a systematic review.
Effect of Continuity of Care on Emergency Department Visits in Elderly Patients with Asthma in Taiwan.
How does autism spectrum disorder affect the risk and severity of childhood asthma?
Perspectives of patients and healthcare professionals on mHealth for asthma self-management.
Vitamin D and Bronchial Asthma: An Overview of Data From the Past 5 Years.
High mobility group box 1: Biomarker of inhaled corticosteroid treatment response in children with moderate-severe asthma.
Asthma control in Saudi Arabia: Gender implications.
25-Hydroxyvitamin D, biomarkers of eosinophilic inflammation, and airway remodeling in children with newly diagnosed untreated asthma.
Qualitative evaluation of the St George's Respiratory Questionnaire in patients with severe asthma.
Asthma exacerbations among asthmatic children receiving live attenuated versus inactivated influenza vaccines.
Efficacy of mepolizumab add-on therapy on health-related quality of life and markers of asthma control in severe eosinophilic asthma (MUSCA): a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel-group, multicentre, phase 3b trial.
Disease Burden of Mild Asthma: Findings from a Cross-Sectional Real-World Survey.
Clinical management of severe therapy-resistant asthma.
Long-term treatment in pediatric asthma: an update on chemical pharmacotherapy.
Serum Periostin as a Biomarker for Comorbid Chronic Rhinosinusitis in Patients with Asthma.
Work stress, family stress and asthma: a cross-sectional study among women in China.
Changes in body mass index during childhood and risk of various asthma phenotypes: a retrospective analysis.
Bronchial thermoplasty in severe asthma in Australia.
Swimming attendance during childhood and development of asthma: Meta-analysis.
Evaluation of a standardized patient education program for inpatient asthma rehabilitation: Impact on patient-reported health outcomes up to one year.
A systematic review of serious games in asthma education.
[Increase in asthma prevalence among young children in France].
Genome-Wide Interaction Analysis of Air Pollution Exposure and Childhood Asthma with Functional Follow-up.
Examining Profiles of Family Functioning in Pediatric Asthma: Longitudinal Associations With Child Adjustment and Asthma Severity.
Influence of asthma status on sleep variability in overweight/obese youth.
The nasal methylome and childhood atopic asthma.
Mannitol challenge testing for asthma in a community cohort of young adults.
PTTG1IP and MAML3, novel genomewide association study genes for severity of hyperresponsiveness in adult asthma.
Effect of asthma and six-months high-intensity interval training on heart rate variability during exercise in adolescents.
Effectiveness of school-based self-management interventions for asthma among children and adolescents: findings from a Cochrane systematic review and meta-analysis.
Development and Pilot Testing of a Bilingual Environmental Health Assessment Tool to Promote Asthma-friendly Childcares.
Factors associated with asthma expression in adolescents.
THE ROLE OF FRACTALKINE AND MONOCYTE CHEMOATTRACTANT PROTEIN-1 IN THE PROGRESSION OF ASTHMA.
Interaction between Hypertension and Asthma in Adult.
The asthma-obesity relationship: underlying mechanisms and treatment implications.
Effects of Exercise and Diet in Nonobese Asthma Patients-A Randomized Controlled Trial.
Association Between Inhaled Corticosteroid Use and Bone Fracture in Children With Asthma.
Antialarmins for treatment of asthma: future perspectives.
Metabolomics in asthma: where do we stand?
Precision medicine in asthma: linking phenotypes to targeted treatments.
The interplay between neuroendocrine activity and psychological stress-induced exacerbation of allergic asthma.
Self-reported reasons for treatment non-adherence in Chinese asthma patients: A 24-week prospective telephone follow-up study.
Higher Polygenetic Predisposition for Asthma in Cow's Milk Allergic Children.
Cat ownership is associated with increased asthma prevalence and dog ownership with decreased spirometry values.
Neighborhood Social and Environmental Factors and Asthma Among Children Living in Low-Income Neighborhoods: The Importance of Informal Social Control.
Role of neutrophils in allergic asthma.
Taming Asthma in School-Aged Children: A Comprehensive Review.
Clinical and pathogenetic features of nonalcoholic steatohepatitis for comorbidity with bronchial asthma on the background of obesity.
Serum Vitamin D Concentration and Markers of Bone Metabolism in Perimenopausal and Postmenopausal Women with Asthma and COPD.
Genetic polymorphisms and their involvement in the regulation of the inflammatory response in asthma and COPD.
[Vocal cord dyskinesia and/or asthma].
Maturation of the gut microbiome and risk of asthma in childhood.
The effect of omalizumab treatment on the low affinity immunoglobulin E receptor (CD23/fc epsilon RII) in patients with severe allergic asthma.
Prenatal exposure to perfluoralkyl substances (PFASs) associated with respiratory tract infections but not allergy- and asthma-related health outcomes in childhood.
Real-world health care utilization and effectiveness of omalizumab for the treatment of severe asthma.
Dysfunctional breathing is more frequent in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease than in asthma and in health.
Physiological and biological predictors of length of stay and recovery in adults with acute asthma: An observational cohort study.
School-Based Interprofessional Asthma Self-Management Education Program for Middle School Students: A Feasibility Trial.
First trimester fetal size and prescribed asthma medication at 15 years of age.
Asthma Mortality Among Persons Aged 15-64 Years, by Industry and Occupation - United States, 1999-2016.
Mycoleptodonoides aitchisonii suppresses asthma via Th2 and Th1 cell regulation in an ovalbumin‑induced asthma mouse model.
Assessing patient-reported outcomes in asthma and COPD patients: which can be recommended in clinical practice?
Macrophage polarization and allergic asthma.
Controversies and opportunities in severe asthma.
Targeting the interleukin-4 and interleukin-13 pathways in severe asthma: current knowledge and future needs.
Exposure to Mobile Source Air Pollution in Early-life and Childhood Asthma Incidence: The Kaiser Air Pollution and Pediatric Asthma Study.
Toll-Like Receptor 7/8 Ligand, S28463, Suppresses Ascaris suum-induced Allergic Asthma in Nonhuman Primates.
The mode of action of anticholinergics in asthma.
Oral Delivery of Bavachinin-Loaded PEG-PLGA Nanoparticles for Asthma Treatment in a Murine Model.
Montelukast Sodium Formulation Containing Green Tea Extract to Reduce the Oxidative Stress in Guinea Pig Model of Chronic Allergic Asthma.
Resources to handle childhood asthma in Spain: The role of plans and guides and the participation of nurses.
Manipulation of dipeptidylpeptidase 10 in mouse and human <i>in vivo</i> and <i>in vitro</i> models indicates a protective role in asthma.
Asthma predictive index in relation to respiratory mechanics by impulse oscillometry in recurrent wheezers.
Evaluation of Potential Continuation Rules for Mepolizumab Treatment of Severe Eosinophilic Asthma.
Impact of Lifestyle Interventions Targeting Healthy Diet, Physical Activity, and Weight Loss on Asthma in Adults: What Is the Evidence?
KIF3A knockdown sensitizes bronchial epithelia to apoptosis and aggravates airway inflammation in asthma.
Agreement Between Maternal Report and Medical Records During Pregnancy: Medications for Rheumatoid Arthritis and Asthma.
Extrafine Versus Fine Inhaled Corticosteroids in Relation to Asthma Control: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Observational Real-Life Studies.
Toll-like receptor 1 and 10 gene polymorphisms are linked to postbronchiolitis asthma in adolescence.
The immunology of asthma: Asthma phenotypes and their implications for personalized treatment.
The oral CRTh2 antagonist QAW039 (fevipiprant): A phase II study in uncontrolled allergic asthma.
The A's Have It: Developing Apolipoprotein A-I Mimetic Peptides Into a Novel Treatment for Asthma.
Tiotropium for the treatment of asthma: a drug safety evaluation.
Comparison of serum biomarkers between patients with asthma and with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Toxocariasis and childhood asthma: A case-control study.
Resistin is a predictor of asthma risk and resistin:adiponectin ratio is a negative predictor of lung function in asthma.
Occurrence and impact of sinusitis in patients with asthma and/or allergic rhinitis.
Association between thromboxane A2 receptor polymorphisms and asthma risk: A meta-analysis.
Doublesex and mab-3 related transcription factor 1 (DMRT1) is a sex-specific genetic determinant of childhood-onset asthma and is expressed in testis and macrophages.
Search for New Candidate Genes Involved in the Comorbidity of Asthma and Hypertension Based on Automatic Analysis of Scientific Literature.
Sphingolipids and their enigmatic role in asthma.
Inflammation-dependent and independent airway remodelling in asthma.
The efficacy and safety of mannitol challenge in a workplace setting for assessing asthma prevalence.
The epidemiology, healthcare and societal burden and costs of asthma in the UK and its member nations: analyses of standalone and linked national databases.
Assessment of satisfaction with different dry powder inhalation devices in Greek patients with COPD and asthma: the ANASA study.
Tiotropium improves lung function, exacerbation rate, and asthma control, independent of baseline characteristics including age, degree of airway obstruction, and allergic status.
Alternative splicing of interleukin-33 and type 2 inflammation in asthma.
Linkage and Genetic Association in Severe Asthma.
Evaluating the effectiveness of a family empowerment program on family function and pulmonary function of children with asthma: A randomized control trial.
Asthma control and need for future asthma controller therapy among inner-city Hispanic asthmatic children engaged in a pediatric asthma disease management program (the Breathmobile program, Mobile Asthma Care for Kids Network).
Herbal medicine for adults with asthma: A systematic review.
Chlamydia pneumoniae, and mycoplasma pneumoniae: Are they related to severe asthma in childhood?
What lies beyond Asthma Control Test: Suggestions for clinical practice.
Genetic risk of TNFSF4 and FAM167A-BLK polymorphisms in children with asthma and allergic rhinitis in a Han Chinese population.
Factors affecting ability to achieve asthma control in adult patients with moderate to severe persistent asthma.
Severe or life-threatening asthma exacerbation: patient heterogeneity identified by cluster analysis.
Genetic associations of the response to inhaled corticosteroids in children during an asthma exacerbation.
Improving pediatric asthma care: A partnership between pediatric primary care clinics and a free-standing Children's Hospital.
Asthma control using fluticasone propionate/salmeterol in Asian and non-Asian populations: a post hoc analysis of the GOAL study.
The frequency of asthma exacerbations and healthcare utilization in patients with asthma from the UK and USA.
A cluster randomised control trial to evaluate the effectiveness and cost-effectiveness of the Italian medicines use review (I-MUR) for asthma patients.
Use of temperature-controlled laminar airflow in the management of atopic asthma: clinical evidence and experience.
Comparative prevalence of co-morbidities in smoking and non-smoking asthma patients with incomplete reversibility of airway obstruction, non-smoking asthma patients with complete reversibility of airway obstruction and COPD patients.
Association of systemic inflammation, adiposity, and metabolic dysregulation with asthma burden among Hispanic adults.
Heterogeneity of obesity-asthma association disentangled by latent class analysis, the SAPALDIA cohort.
Analyzing Who, When, and Where: Data for Better Targeting of Resources for School-Based Asthma Interventions.
Factors associated with poor controller medication use in children with high asthma emergency department use.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons exposure, oxidative stress, and asthma in children.
Suggestive association between variants in IL1RAPL and asthma symptoms in Latin American children.
Assessment of biological, psychological and adherence factors in the prediction of step-down treatment for patients with well-controlled asthma.
IL-4R suppresses airway inflammation in bronchial asthma by inhibiting the IL-4/STAT6 pathway.
The role of outdoor fungi on asthma hospital admissions in children and adolescents: A 5-year time stratified case-crossover analysis.
The feasibility of using multiple databases to study rare outcomes: the potential effect of long-acting beta agonists with inhaled corticosteroid therapy on asthma mortality.
Role of Anti-inflammatory Cytokines IL-35 and IL-37 in Asthma.
Impact of childhood asthma on growth trajectories in early adolescence: Findings from the Childhood Asthma Prevention Study (CAPS).
The effectiveness of clinical pharmacist's intervention in improving asthma care in children and adolescents: Randomized controlled study in Jordan.
Blockade of β-catenin signaling attenuates toluene diisocyanate-induced experimental asthma.
Effectiveness of bronchial thermoplasty in patients with severe refractory asthma: Clinical and histopathologic correlations.
Autoantibody profiles and their association with blood eosinophils in asthma and COPD.
Circulating activated innate lymphoid cells and mucosal-associated invariant T cells are associated with airflow limitation in patients with asthma.
Associations between outdoor fungal spores and childhood and adolescent asthma hospitalizations.
Characteristics and outcomes of older adults with long-standing versus late-onset asthma.
Gender differences in effects of obesity and asthma on adolescent lung function: Results from a population-based study.
Anxiety and depression among Nigerian patients with asthma; Association with sociodemographic, clinical, and personality factors.
Association of living in a farming environment with asthma incidence in Canadian children.
Pathophysiology of severe asthma: We've only just started.
Airway and esophageal eosinophils in children with severe uncontrolled asthma.
Risk of asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease in a large historical cohort of Danish firefighters.
AFM-based nanomechanical characterization of bronchoscopic samples in asthma patients.
Association of a 4-Locus Gene Model Including IL13, IL4, FCER1B, and ADRB2 With the Asthma Predictive Index and Atopy in Chinese Han Children.
Can biomarkers help us hit targets in difficult-to-treat asthma?
[Phenotypes of bronchial asthma].
[Mediators of inflammatory response in asthma and its association with obesity].
[Prevalence of vitamin D insufficiency and deficiency in Mexican adults with allergic asthma].
Clinical characteristics of eosinophilic COPD versus COPD patients with a history of asthma.
Burden of asthma, dyspnea, and chronic cough in South Asia.
Young People's Preferences for an Asthma Self-Management App Highlight Psychological Needs: A Participatory Study.
Live attenuated influenza vaccine use and safety in children and adults with asthma.
Association Between Severe Vitamin D Deficiency, Lung Function and Asthma Control.
Physical activity, restrictions in activity, and body mass index among urban children with persistent asthma.
The sensitization pattern differs according to rhinitis and asthma multimorbidity in adults: the EGEA study.
Multicenter study of cigarette smoking among adults with asthma exacerbations in the emergency department, 2011-2012.
Japanese guidelines for adult asthma 2017.
Phthalate-induced oxidative stress and association with asthma-related airway inflammation in adolescents.
Reslizumab in patients with inadequately controlled late-onset asthma and elevated blood eosinophils.
Japanese guidelines for childhood asthma 2017.
Role of IL-13 Genetic Variants in Signalling of Asthma.
How does patient-provider communication influence adherence to asthma medications?
Association between asthma control and asthma cost: Results from a longitudinal study in a primary care setting.
STAAR: a randomised controlled trial of electronic adherence monitoring with reminder alarms and feedback to improve clinical outcomes for children with asthma.
Individual factors, neighborhood social context and asthma at age 5 years.
Asthma Control Test.
Combined use of fractional exhaled nitric oxide and bronchodilator response in predicting future loss of asthma control among children with atopic asthma.
Allergy testing in children with persistent asthma: comparison of four diagnostic methods.
Gene-based analysis of regulatory variants identifies 4 putative novel asthma risk genes related to nucleotide synthesis and signaling.
Association of vitamin D receptor gene polymorphisms with susceptibility to childhood asthma: A meta-analysis.
Maternal Asthma, Pregnancy, Delivery and Birth Outcomes: A Retrospective Cohort Study.
Inhibition of Airway Contraction and Inflammation by Pomalidomide in a Male Wistar Rat Model of Ovalbumin-induced Asthma.
Corticosteroid plus β<sub>2</sub>-agonist in a single inhaler as reliever therapy in intermittent and mild asthma: a proof-of-concept systematic review and meta-analysis.
Progress in the understanding of the pathology of allergic asthma and the potential of fruit proanthocyanidins as modulators of airway inflammation.
Pneumococcal Vaccination Among Adults With Work-related Asthma.
Family functioning and child asthma severity: A bio-behavioral approach.
A systematic review of the association between allergic asthma and autism.
Eosinophils increase airway sensory nerve density in mice and in human asthma.
LPS inactivation by a host lipase allows lung epithelial cell sensitization for allergic asthma.
Investigating fractional exhaled nitric oxide (FeNO) in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and asthma-COPD overlap (ACO): a scoping review protocol.
NO<sub>2</sub> inhalation enhances asthma susceptibility in a rat model.
The profile of leucocytes, CD3+, CD4+, and CD8+ T cells, and cytokine concentrations in peripheral blood of children with acute asthma exacerbation.
MODERN APPROACHES TO FRACTIONAL EXHALED NITRIC OXIDE AS A USEFUL BIOMARKER FOR ALLERGIC ASTHMA PHENOTYPING AND MANAGEMENT.
Oxidative stress biomarkers and asthma characteristics in adults of the EGEA study.
Different evolution in the treatment of a severe persistent asthma in 2 twins: Case report and review of the literature.
[Guideline for the Diagnosis and Treatment of Asthma - Guideline of the German Respiratory Society and the German Atemwegsliga in Cooperation with the Paediatric Respiratory Society and the Austrian Society of Pneumology].
Role of viral coinfections in asthma development.
Comorbidity in allergic asthma and allergic rhinitis: functional somatic syndromes.
[Control of Respiratory Symptoms During Sleep in Patients with Stable Bronchial Asthma].
Effectiveness of Using Enhanced Filters in Schools and Homes to Reduce Indoor Exposures to PM<sub>2.5</sub> from Outdoor Sources and Subsequent Health Benefits for Children with Asthma.
The common γ-chain cytokine IL-7 promotes immunopathogenesis during fungal asthma.
Country of Birth and Variations in Asthma and Wheezing Prevalence, and Emergency Department Utilization in Children: A NHANES Study.
Improvement in Asthma Control Using a Minimally Burdensome and Proactive Smartphone Application.
Sex hormones and systemic inflammation are modulators of the obese-asthma phenotype.
Connexin 43-Mediated Mitochondrial Transfer of iPSC-MSCs Alleviates Asthma Inflammation.
Bronchoprovocation Testing in Asthma: An Update.
The Chronicity of Depressive Symptoms in Mothers of Children With Asthma.
A pilot randomized trial of school-based administration of inhaled corticosteroids for at-risk children with asthma.
A comparative study of sTREM-1, IL-6 and IL-13 concentration in bronchoalveolar lavage fluid in asthma and COPD: A preliminary study.
Mode of Delivery and Asthma at School Age in 9 European Birth Cohorts.
[Therapeutic adherence in asthma in France: A general review].
Mechanisms Driving Gender Differences in Asthma.
Traffic-Related Air Pollution and Childhood Asthma: Recent Advances and Remaining Gaps in the Exposure Assessment Methods.
The significance of the levels of IL-4, IL-31 and TLSP in patients with asthma and/or rhinitis.
The economic burden of adult asthma in Cyprus; a prevalence-based cost of illness study.
Longer duration of asthma is significantly associated with increased RV/TLC ratio.
[Socioeconomic Costs of Asthma in the European Union, United States and Canada: A Systematic Review].
Effectiveness of pulmonary rehabilitation for patients with asthma: study protocol of a randomized controlled trial (EPRA).
What accounts for the association between late preterm births and risk of asthma?
Health Care Utilization and Direct Costs in Mild, Moderate, and Severe Adult Asthma: A Descriptive Study Using the 2014 South Korean Health Insurance Database.
The impact of parity and age at first and last childbirth on the prevalence of delayed-onset asthma in women: The Korean National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey.
The safety of mepolizumab for the treatment of asthma.
Smartphone-based vs paper-based asthma action plans for adolescents.
ASTHMA - comparing the impact of vitamin D versus UVR on clinical and immune parameters.
Prevalence, risk factors, and clinical outcomes of atopic and nonatopic asthma among rural children.
Pediatric Asthma Health Disparities: Race, Hardship, Housing, and Asthma in a National Survey.
Relation between asthma and sleep disordered breathing in children: is the association causal?
Has Asthma Medication Use Caught Up With the Evidence?: A 12-Year Population-Based Study of Trends.
Changes in the relationship between asthma and associated risk factors over fifty years.
The impact of a history of asthma on long-term outcomes of people with newly diagnosed chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: A population study.
Asthma quality of life and control after sinus surgery in patients with chronic rhinosinusitis.
Airway and peripheral urokinase plasminogen activator receptor is elevated in asthma, and identifies a severe, nonatopic subset of patients.
Body fat mass distribution and interrupter resistance, fractional exhaled nitric oxide, and asthma at school-age.
Relationships among aeroallergen sensitization, peripheral blood eosinophils, and periostin in pediatric asthma development.
Effective education parameters for trigger remediation in underserved children with asthma: A systematic review.
Indoor mold levels and current asthma among school-aged children in Saskatchewan, Canada.
Asthma phenotypes in Turkey: a multicenter cross-sectional study in adult asthmatics; PHENOTURK study.
What Ancestry Can Tell Us About the Genetic Origins of Inter-Ethnic Differences in Asthma Expression.
Nursing management of paediatric asthma in emergency departments.
Heme oxygenase-1 protects airway epithelium against apoptosis by targeting the proinflammatory NLRP3-RXR axis in asthma.
A longitudinal investigation of trust beliefs in physicians by children with asthma and their mothers: Relations with children's adherence to medical regimes and quality of life.
A novel phenolic propanediamine moiety-based lung-targeting therapy for asthma.
Using the theoretical domains framework to identify barriers and enablers to pediatric asthma management in primary care settings.
Increased serum IL-17A and Th2 cytokine levels in patients with severe uncontrolled asthma.
Enablers and determinants of the provision of written action plans to patients with asthma: a stratified survey of Canadian physicians.
Exposure to secondhand smoke and asthma severity among children in Connecticut.
Proximity to Industrial Food Animal Production and Asthma Exacerbations in Pennsylvania, 2005-2012.
Effects of Fruit and Vegetable Consumption on Risk of Asthma, Wheezing and Immune Responses: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
The Effect of Chinese Herbal Medicine Formula mKG on Allergic Asthma by Regulating Lung and Plasma Metabolic Alternations.
The level of diagnostic assessment in severe asthma: A nationwide real-life study.
Tidal breathing parameters measured using structured light plethysmography in healthy children and those with asthma before and after bronchodilator.
The relationship between the Leicester cough questionnaire, eosinophilic airway inflammation and asthma patient related outcomes in severe adult asthma.
Response to inhaled corticosteroids on serum CD28, quality of life, and peak expiratory flow rate in bronchial asthma.
Role of muscarinic antagonists in asthma therapy.
Treatment of obese asthma in a mouse model by simvastatin is associated with improving dyslipidemia and decreasing leptin level.
Sex differences in asthma in swimmers and tennis players.
Nigella sativa Supplementation Improves Asthma Control and Biomarkers: A Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Trial.
Dupilumab for the treatment of asthma.
LAT alleviates Th2/Treg imbalance in an OVA-induced allergic asthma mouse model through LAT-PLC-γ1 interaction.
Co-inhalation of roflumilast, rather than formoterol, with fluticasone more effectively improves asthma in asthmatic mice.
Cured meat intake is associated with worsening asthma symptoms.
Asthma phenotypes in children and stratified pharmacological treatment regimens.
Pharmacological difficulties in the treatment of asthma in pregnant women.
Exposure to traffic-related air pollution and risk of development of childhood asthma: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Use of the Control of Allergic Rhinitis and Asthma Test (CARATkids) in children and adolescents: Validation in Dutch.
Associations between postpartum depressive symptoms and childhood asthma diminish with child age.
Determinants of longitudinal health-related quality-of-life change in children with asthma from low-income families: a report from the PROMIS<sup>®</sup> Pediatric Asthma Study.
Raised interferon-β, type 3 interferon and interferon-stimulated genes - evidence of innate immune activation in neutrophilic asthma.
Asthma Trajectories in a Population-based Birth Cohort. Impacts of Air Pollution and Greenness.
Bacterial microbiota of the upper respiratory tract and childhood asthma.
Pathways linking health literacy, health beliefs, and cognition to medication adherence in older adults with asthma.
Estimating pediatric asthma prevalence in rural senegal: A cross-sectional survey.
No evidence of large genetic effects on steroid response in asthma patients.
Misdiagnosis of asthma in schoolchildren.
Clinical significance of serum vascular endothelial growth factor in young male asthma patients.
Assessing asthma severity based on claims data: a systematic review.
BIRC3 single nucleotide polymorphism associate with asthma susceptibility and the abundance of eosinophils and neutrophils.
Evaluation of a shared decision-making communication skills training for physicians treating patients with asthma: a mixed methods study using simulated patients.
Effect of triple therapy in patients with asthma-COPD overlap .
Role of a Community Pharmacy Service in Care of Bronchial Asthma Patients in Lithuania.
Repeated Allergen Exposure in A/J Mice Causes Steroid-Insensitive Asthma via a Defect in Glucocorticoid Receptor Bioavailability.
The association between body mass index and frequency of emergency department visits and hospitalization for asthma exacerbation in a pediatric population.
Vitamin D3 levels and NLRP3 expression in murine models of obese asthma: association with asthma outcomes.
Sex-specific association between asthma and hypertension in nationally representative young Korean adults.
Associations between Th17-related inflammatory cytokines and asthma in adults: A Case-Control Study.
Modelling the effect of beliefs about asthma medication and treatment intrusiveness on adherence and preference for once-daily vs. twice-daily medication.
Practical Considerations for the Diagnosis and Management of Asthma in Older Adults.
Patient Outcomes, Health Care Resource Use, and Costs Associated with High Versus Low HEDIS Asthma Medication Ratio.
Prevalence and impact of asthma among school-aged students in Lima, Peru.
Saponin-enriched extract of Asparagus cochinchinensis alleviates airway inflammation and remodeling in ovalbumin-induced asthma model.
Inhibition of airway remodeling and inflammation by isoforskolin in PDGF-induced rat ASMCs and OVA-induced rat asthma model.
An intronic single-nucleotide polymorphism (rs13217795) in FOXO3 is associated with asthma and allergic rhinitis: a case-case-control study.
Pharmacogenetic and pharmacogenomic considerations of asthma treatment.
Evaluation of beclomethasone dipropionate (80 and 160 micrograms/day) delivered <i>via</i> a breath-actuated inhaler for persistent asthma.
Allergic sensitization to laboratory animals is more associated with asthma, rhinitis, and skin symptoms than sensitization to common allergens.
Sensitization to dust mite defines different phenotypes of asthma: A multicenter study.
Living with asthma and chronic obstructive airways disease: Using technology to support self-management - An overview.
Interstitial changes in asthma-COPD overlap syndrome.
Tiotropium for asthma: A summary of current guidelines and a case study.
Prevalence, characteristics and management of frequently exacerbating asthma patients: an observational study in Sweden (PACEHR).
Criterion validity of 8-item Morisky Medication Adherence Scale in patients with asthma.
Respiratory Syncytial Virus Exacerbates OVA-mediated asthma in mice through C5a-C5aR regulating CD4<sup>+</sup>T cells Immune Responses.
Maternal Obesity, Gestational Weight Gain, and Asthma in Offspring.
Inhaled Corticosteroid-Containing Treatment Escalation and Outcomes for Patients with Asthma in a U.S. Health Care Organization.
Association of an Asthma Improvement Collaborative With Health Care Utilization in Medicaid-Insured Pediatric Patients in an Urban Community.
Role of PIM2 in allergic asthma.
Overexpression of ATP5b promotes cell proliferation in asthma.
The impact of asthma on the cost effectiveness of surgery for chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps.
Cost of asthma in children: A nationwide, population-based, cost-of-illness study.
Pharmacological treatments in asthma-affected horses: A pair-wise and network meta-analysis.
City housing atmospheric pollutant impact on emergency visit for asthma: A classification and regression tree approach.
The Protective Effects of Astaxanthin on the OVA-Induced Asthma Mice Model.
Mechanistic insight into the impact of nanomaterials on asthma and allergic airway disease.
Association between respiratory syncytial viral disease and the subsequent risk of the first episode of severe asthma in different subgroups of high-risk Australian children: a whole-of-population-based cohort study.
Cardiomyocytes of the Heart and Pulmonary Veins: Novel Contributors to Asthma?
Decreased serum club cell secretory protein in asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease overlap: a pilot study.
High prevalence of house dust mite sensitization in children with severe asthma living at high altitude in a tropical country.
Impact of Age and Sex on Outcomes and Hospital Cost of Acute Asthma in the United States, 2011-2012.
Role of the ion channel, transient receptor potential cation channel subfamily V member 1 (TRPV1), in allergic asthma.
Vitamin D3 for uncontrolled childhood asthma: A pilot study.
Racial disparity in the association between body mass index and self-reported asthma in children: a population-based study.
Environmental exposures and family history of asthma.
Myasthenia gravis crisis coinciding with asthma exacerbation in a patient with recent heroin use: three causes of acute hypercarbic respiratory failure.
Quantitative CT detects changes in airway dimensions and air-trapping after bronchial thermoplasty for severe asthma.
Examining the Return on Investment of the Breath of Life Mobile Pediatric Asthma Clinic in a Rural Region with Small Metropolitan Statistical Areas.
mHealth resources for asthma and pregnancy care: Methodological issues and social media recruitment. A discussion paper.
[Persistence to treatment and resources use with inhaled fixed-dose combinations of corticosteroids and long-acting β-adrenergic agonists for the treatment of asthma: A population-based retrospective study].
Longitudinal study of diet quality and change in asthma symptoms in adults, according to smoking status.
Omalizumab Is Equally Effective in Persistent Allergic Oral Corticosteroid-Dependent Asthma Caused by Either Seasonal or Perennial Allergens: A Pilot Study.
Incidence and long-term outcome of severe asthma-COPD overlap compared to asthma and COPD alone: a 35-year prospective study of 57,053 middle-aged adults.
[The value of fractionated exhaled nitric oxide in the diagnosis of asthma-chronic obstructive pulmonary disease overlap syndrome].
Oxidative Stress-Related Genetic Variants May Modify Associations of Phthalate Exposures with Asthma.
[Therapeutic effects of histone deacetylase inhibitor givinostat on air inflammation and high airway resistance in a murine asthma model].
[Efficacy and safety of specific sublingual immunotherapy in children with allergic asthma and rhinitis].
Characteristics associated with clinical severity and inflammatory phenotype of naturally occurring virus-induced exacerbations of asthma in adults.
Asthma and the risk of lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
A randomized clinical trial of a culturally responsive intervention for African American women with asthma.
Lyn kinase represses mucus hypersecretion by regulating IL-13-induced endoplasmic reticulum stress in asthma.
Association of interleukin-18 and asthma.
Identification of fungal candidates for asthma protection in a large population-based study.
Abnormal vocal cord movement in patients with and without airway obstruction and asthma symptoms.
Perceived exercise limitation in asthma: The role of disease severity, overweight, and physical activity in children.
Vitamin D over the first decade and susceptibility to childhood allergy and asthma.
Inhaler Technique in Asthma: How Does It Relate to Patients' Preferences and Attitudes Toward Their Inhalers?
Mechanisms by which obesity impacts upon asthma.
Asthma is associated with reduced fibrinolytic activity, abnormal clot architecture, and decreased clot retraction rate.
Clinical characteristics of eosinophilic asthma exacerbations.
Identification of Four Novel Loci in Asthma in European American and African American Populations.
A Transcriptome-driven Analysis of Epithelial Brushings and Bronchial Biopsies to Define Asthma Phenotypes in U-BIOPRED.
Acute asthma, prognosis, and treatment.
Biologics targeting IL-5, IL-4 or IL-13 for the treatment of asthma - an update.
Ten-year trends in direct costs of asthma: a population-based study.
MicroRNA-21 drives severe, steroid-insensitive experimental asthma by amplifying phosphoinositide 3-kinase-mediated suppression of histone deacetylase 2.
Adolescent versus parent reports on asthma and asthma symptoms.
Assessing Asthma Symptoms in Adolescents and Adults: Qualitative Research Supporting Development of the Asthma Daily Symptom Diary.
Assessing biomarkers in a real-world severe asthma study (ARIETTA).
Frequency of health service use in the year prior to asthma death.
Cost-utility analysis of once-daily versus twice-daily inhaled corticosteroid dosing for maintenance treatment of asthma in pediatric patients.
Characteristics of Complementary and Alternative Medicine (CAM) use among older adults with asthma.
Parent and child asthma illness representations: a systematic review.
A drug safety review of treating eosinophilic asthma with monoclonal antibodies.
A Belgian survey on the diagnosis of asthma-COPD overlap syndrome.
Adaptation of a difficult-to-manage asthma programme for implementation in the Dutch context: a modified e-Delphi.
The impact of dysfunctional breathing on the assessment of asthma control.
Severe and non-severe asthma in the community: A large electronic database analysis.
Emotionally triggered asthma and its relationship to panic disorder, ataques de nervios, and asthma-related death of a loved one in Latino adults.
New and developing non-adrenoreceptor small molecule drugs for the treatment of asthma.
Adenylyl cyclase type 9 gene polymorphisms are associated with asthma and allergy in Brazilian children.
Inhaled corticosteroid dose response in asthma: Should we measure inflammation?
Revisiting Type 2-high and Type 2-low airway inflammation in asthma: current knowledge and therapeutic implications.
Staphylococcus aureus enterotoxin sensitization involvement and its association with the CysLTR1 variant in different asthma phenotypes.
Biomarkers associated with disease severity in allergic and nonallergic asthma.
The Finnish experience to save asthma costs by improving care in 1987-2013.
Schistosoma mansoni antigens alter activation markers and cytokine profile in lymphocytes of patients with asthma.
Threat interpretation and parental influences for children with asthma and anxiety.
Early patient experiences with montelukast orally disintegrating tablets in Japan: a cross-sectional survey of treatment satisfaction in patients with asthma and/or allergic rhinitis.
Neighborhood-Level Factors Related to Asthma in Children Living in Urban Areas.
Calpain-activated mTORC2/Akt pathway mediates airway smooth muscle remodelling in asthma.
Obesity and Airway Dysanapsis in Children with and without Asthma.
Dosha phenotype specific Ayurveda intervention ameliorates asthma symptoms through cytokine modulations: Results of whole system clinical trial.
Assessment of neighbourhood-level socioeconomic status as a modifier of air pollution-asthma associations among children in Atlanta.
Early life rhinovirus wheezing, allergic sensitization, and asthma risk at adolescence.
Biomarkers Guided Treatment Strategies in Adult Patients with Asthma: Ready for the Clinical Field?
Impact of Goal Setting and Goal Attainment Methods on Asthma Outcomes.
High prevalence of bronchiectasis on chest CT in a selected cohort of children with severe Asthma.
Asthma and Allergy Mobile Apps in 2018.
Identifying Asthma Exacerbation-Related Emergency Department Visit Using Electronic Medical Record and Claims Data.
[Lung injury in ovalbumin-challenged asthma mice induced by high-dose PM2.5 and its mechanism].
Effect of Rho-kinase inhibition on complexity of breathing pattern in a guinea pig model of asthma.
Barriers and facilitators of effective self-management in asthma: systematic review and thematic synthesis of patient and healthcare professional views.
Occupational exposure to disinfectants and asthma control in US nurses.
Longitudinal outcomes of different asthma phenotypes in primary care, an observational study.
MUC5AC and a Glycosylated Variant of MUC5B Alter Mucin Composition in Children With Acute Asthma.
Rhinovirus-induced first wheezing episode predicts atopic but not nonatopic asthma at school age.
Takotsubo cardiomyopathy: A known unknown foe of asthma.
Personalized Prediction of Asthma Severity and Asthma Attack for a Personalized Treatment Regimen.
Neutrophilic Asthma Is Associated with Increased Airway Bacterial Burden and Disordered Community Composition.
Cold weather increases respiratory symptoms and functional disability especially among patients with asthma and allergic rhinitis.
[Does Ecuadorians with asthma has preferences in the use of information and communication technologies? Pilot study].
Effects of inhaled corticosteroids on the expression of TNF family molecules in murine model of allergic asthma.
Screen Time Engagement Is Increased in Urban Children With Asthma.
Free-breathing Functional Pulmonary MRI: Response to Bronchodilator and Bronchoprovocation in Severe Asthma.
The Immunotherapeutic Role of Bacterial Lysates in a Mouse Model of Asthma.
Airway and serum biochemical correlates of refractory neutrophilic asthma.
Current views of pediatric asthma.
Asthma is associated with atherosclerotic artery changes.
Patterns, factors associated and morbidity burden of asthma in India.
Characterisation of asthma subgroups associated with circulating YKL-40 levels.
[Biologicals in the Treatment of Bronchial Asthma].
Patients' experiences of breathing retraining for asthma: a qualitative process analysis of participants in the intervention arms of the BREATHE trial.
Shared decision-making for people with asthma.
Does inhaled steroid therapy help emerging asthma in early childhood?
Treating persistent asthma in rural Rwanda: characteristics, management and 24-month outcomes.
Importance of the leukotriene B4-BLT1 and LTB4-BLT2 pathways in asthma.
Why and how to step down chronic asthma drugs.
Eicosanoid Control Over Antigen Presenting Cells in Asthma.
Change in the prevalence asthma, rhinitis and respiratory symptom over a 20 year period: associations to year of birth, life style and sleep related symptoms.
Randomized dose-ranging study of a budesonide metered-dose inhaler by using co-suspension delivery technology in asthma.
Benralizumab for the treatment of asthma.
Troglitazone, a PPAR-γ agonist, decreases LTC<sub>4</sub> concentration in mononuclear cells in patients with asthma.
MicroRNA Profiling in Asthma: Potential Biomarkers and Therapeutic Targets.
Precision medicine in patients with allergic diseases: Airway diseases and atopic dermatitis-PRACTALL document of the European Academy of Allergy and Clinical Immunology and the American Academy of Allergy, Asthma & Immunology.
Interleukin (IL)-25: Pleiotropic roles in asthma.
Comparative safety and costs of stepping down asthma medications in patients with controlled asthma.
Towards precision medicine in severe asthma: Treatment algorithms based on treatable traits.
Air pollution exposure during pregnancy: maternal asthma and neonatal respiratory outcomes.
[Patient perspective of the importance of asthma- and COPD-specific rehabilitation components: A secondary data analysis].
[The diagnostic value of combined specific IgG and specific IgE of <i>Aspergillus fumigatus</i> in allergic broncho pulmonary aspergillosis and severe asthma with fungal sensitization].
Asthma causes inflammation of human pulmonary arteries and decreases vasodilatation induced by prostaglandin I<sub>2</sub> analogs.
Update on Asthma Genetics: Results From Meta-Analyses of Candidate Gene Association Studies.
Indicators of Non-adherence to Asthma Treatment in Pediatric Primary Care.
Exhaled nitric oxide atopy, and spirometry in asthma and rhinitis patients in India.
Impaired Patient-Reported Outcomes Predict Poor School Functioning and Daytime Sleepiness: The PROMIS Pediatric Asthma Study.
Lung Sound Analysis Is Useful for Monitoring Therapy in Patients With Bronchial Asthma.
Experiences of Daily Life Among Adolescents With Asthma - A Struggle With Ambivalence.
Gene polymorphism of xenobiotic detoxification in children with bronchial asthma.
Effectiveness of the Spirometry 360 Quality Improvement Program for Improving Asthma Care: A Cluster Randomized Trial.
Biologic Therapy and Novel Molecular Targets of Severe Asthma.
Severe Asthma in Children.
The safety profile of subcutaneous allergen immunotherapy in children with asthma in Hangzhou, East China.
THE INTERRELATIONSHIP BETWEEN ASTHMA AND BRAIN ACTIVITIES: PSYCHOLOGICAL STRESS-RELATED ASTHMA AS A NEW ASTHMA PHENOTYPE.
Stability of Asthma Symptom Control in a Longitudinal Study of Mild-Moderate Asthmatics.
Mechanisms underlying the pathogenesis of hyper-contractility of bronchial smooth muscle in allergic asthma.
Serum levels of adiponectin and leptin in asthmatic patients and its relation with asthma severity, lung function and BMI.
Mental Health Services Claims and Adult Onset Asthma in Ontario, Canada.
Allergic and Nonallergic Asthma Have Distinct Phenotypic and Genotypic Features.
Neutrophilic Steroid-Refractory Recurrent Wheeze and Eosinophilic Steroid-Refractory Asthma in Children.
Comparative Effectiveness of Step-up Therapies in Children with Asthma Prescribed Inhaled Corticosteroids: A Historical Cohort Study.
"Real-life" Effectiveness Studies of Omalizumab in Adult Patients with Severe Allergic Asthma: Meta-analysis.
Inhaler Errors in the CRITIKAL Study: Type, Frequency, and Association with Asthma Outcomes.
Polymorphisms of TGFB1, TLE4 and MUC22 are associated with childhood asthma in Chinese population.
[Anticytokine therapy of allergic asthma].
Increased sputum levels of thymus and activation-regulated chemokine in children with asthma not eosinophilic bronchitis.
Burden of Chronic Oral Corticosteroid Use by Adults with Persistent Asthma.
Knowledge on bronchial asthma among teachers and educators - preliminary results of a pilot study.
Role of Periostin in Uncontrolled Asthma in Children (DADO study).
Respiratory effect of beta-blockers in people with asthma and cardiovascular disease: population-based nested case control study.
Effect of a retinoid X receptor partial agonist on airway inflammation and hyperresponsiveness in a murine model of asthma.
The respiratory microbiome in bronchial mucosa and secretions from severe IgE-mediated asthma patients.
Association of stem cell factor gene expression with severity and atopic state in patients with bronchial asthma.
Exploration of the Influence of Factors Identified in the Literature on School-aged Children's Emotional Responses to Asthma.
Association between IL-13 +1923C/T polymorphism and asthma risk: a meta-analysis based on 26 case-control studies.
Household biomass fuel use, asthma symptoms severity, and asthma underdiagnosis in rural schoolchildren in Nigeria: a cross-sectional observational study.
Association between Caesarean Delivery and Childhood Asthma in India and Vietnam.
Maternal depressive symptoms, maternal asthma, and asthma in school-aged children.
Asthma Home Management in the Inner-City: What can the Children Teach us?
Mouse Sensitization and Exposure Are Associated with Asthma Severity in Urban Children.
Neutrophil autophagy and extracellular DNA traps contribute to airway inflammation in severe asthma.
Adrenal insufficiency associated with long-term use of inhaled steroid in asthma.
Regulation of hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis activity and immunologic function contributed to the anti-inflammatory effect of acupuncture in the OVA-induced murine asthma model.
Monoclonal antibody therapy for the treatment of asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease with eosinophilic inflammation.
T2-low asthma: current approach to diagnosis and therapy.
Association between Postdischarge Oral Corticosteroid Prescription Fills and Readmission in Children with Asthma.
The Role of Exercise in a Weight-Loss Program on Clinical Control in Obese Adults with Asthma. A Randomized Controlled Trial.
Respiratory reactance in children aged three to five years with postinfectious bronchiolitis obliterans is higher than in those with asthma.
A 12-week, randomized, parallel-group, proof-of-concept study of tulobuterol patch and salmeterol inhaler as add-on therapy in adult-onset mild-to-moderate asthma.
Systemic Corticosteroid Responses in Children with Severe Asthma: Phenotypic and Endotypic Features.
Acute viral bronchiolitis and risk of asthma in schoolchildren: analysis of a Brazilian newborn cohort.
Evaluation of asthma medication adherence rates and strategies to improve adherence in the underserved population at a Federally Qualified Health Center.
Cost-effectiveness and Budget Impact of Routine Use of Fractional Exhaled Nitric Oxide Monitoring for the Management of Adult Asthma Patients in Spain.
Asthma and rhinitis have different genetic profiles for IL13, IL17A and GSTP1 polymorphisms.
Predictive Properties of the Asthma Control Test and Its Component Questions for Severe Asthma Exacerbations.
Maternal Folate Intake during Pregnancy and Childhood Asthma in a Population-based Cohort.
Concerns with beta2-agonists in pediatric asthma - a clinical perspective.
Asthma-COPD overlap syndrome (ACOS) vs 'pure' COPD: a distinct phenotype?
Lower prevalence and greater severity of asthma in hot and dry climate.
Association of asthma diagnosis with leptin and adiponectin: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Patient stratification and the unmet need in asthma.
Latrophilin receptors: novel bronchodilator targets in asthma.
Lung sound analysis can be an index of the control of bronchial asthma.
Sociodemographic, health-related and lifestyle correlates of physical activity in adults with current asthma.
Building a recruitment database for asthma trials: a conceptual framework for the creation of the UK Database of Asthma Research Volunteers.
Nasal administration of interleukin-33 induces airways angiogenesis and expression of multiple angiogenic factors in a murine asthma surrogate.
Development and validation of asthma questionnaire for assessing and achieving best control in preschool-age children.
The school as a health promoter for children with asthma: The purpose of an education programme.
[The clinical efficacy of allergen-specific immunotherapy with water-salt extracts and adjuvant allergens for atopic asthma with household sensitization].
Beliefs Regarding Asthma Management Relating to Asthma Action Plans (AAPs) of African American Caregivers Residing in Newark, New Jersey Public Housing Communities.
Enhancing Pediatric Asthma Care and Nursing Education Through an Academic Practice Partnership.
Urban-Rural Differences in School Nurses' Asthma Training Needs and Access to Asthma Resources.
New and Anticipated Therapies for Severe Asthma.
Selected aspects of medical care for patients with asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) in Poland.
Chromosome 17q21 Genes ORMDL3 and GSDMB in Asthma and Immune Diseases.
Cost of asthma in Portuguese adults: A population-based, cost-of-illness study.
The Integrated Care of Asthma in Switzerland (INCAS) Study: Changes in Asthma Control and Perception of Health Care through Asthma Education.
Magnesium sulfate infusion for acute asthma in the emergency department.
Quantitative Low-Dose Computed Tomography of the Lung Parenchyma and Airways for the Differentiation between Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease and Asthma Patients.
Association of Asthma Illness Representations and Reported Controller Medication Adherence Among School-Aged Children and Their Parents.
Influence of Vitamin D and Cotinine on T-Regulatory Cells and Asthma Severity in Children.
Asthma Exacerbations: Pathogenesis, Prevention, and Treatment.
Severe Asthma Phenotypes - How Should They Guide Evaluation and Treatment?
Depression and Asthma Outcomes in Older Adults: Results from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey.
Prevalence of Pediatric Asthma Risk in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic.
The Influence of Asthma and/or Hay Fever on Pregnancy: Data from the 1995 National Survey of Family Growth.
Radiographic Evidence of Sinonasal Inflammation in Asthma-Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease Overlap Syndrome: An Underrecognized Association.
Evaluation of relationship of inhaler technique with asthma control and quality of life.
[Mexican Asthma Guidelines: GUIMA 2017].
Cluster Analysis on Longitudinal Data of Patients with Adult-Onset Asthma.
Asthma Control and Sputum Eosinophils: A Longitudinal Study in Daily Practice.
Asthma education taught by physical education teachers at grade schools: A randomised cluster trial.
Clinical Characteristics of Patients with Chronic Rhinosinusitis with Nasal Polyps, Asthma, and Aspirin-Exacerbated Respiratory Disease.
Prenatal paracetamol use and asthma in childhood: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
The effect of nebulised magnesium sulphate in the management of childhood moderate asthma exacerbations as adjuvant treatment.
The influence of gender and atopy in the relationship between obesity and asthma in childhood.
MyAirCoach: the use of home-monitoring and mHealth systems to predict deterioration in asthma control and the occurrence of asthma exacerbations; study protocol of an observational study.
Subtypes of asthma based on asthma control and severity: a latent class analysis.
Impact of Adding a Decision Aid to Patient Education in Adults with Asthma: A Randomized Clinical Trial.
RAGE deficiency predisposes mice to virus-induced paucigranulocytic asthma.
Respirator Use Among US Farm Operators With Asthma: Results From the 2011 Farm and Ranch Safety Survey.
The SYGMA programme of phase 3 trials to evaluate the efficacy and safety of budesonide/formoterol given 'as needed' in mild asthma: study protocols for two randomised controlled trials.
Murine Models of Allergic Asthma.
Childhood asthma, asthma severity indicators, and related conditions along an urban-rural gradient: a cross-sectional study.
Childhood obesity in pediatric patients with difficult-to-control asthma in a tertiary pediatric subspecialty clinic.
Comorbidity and Multimorbidity of Asthma and Allergy and Intolerance to Chemicals and Certain Buildings.
Clinical relevance of IgE-mediated sensitization against the mould Alternaria alternata in children with asthma.
The Potential Role of Allergen Immunotherapy in Stepping Down Asthma Treatment.
Fungal Sensitization Is Associated with Increased Risk of Life-Threatening Asthma.
Effect of psychological and other factors on quality of life amongst asthma outpatients in Lagos, Nigeria.
Validation of asthma control questionnaire and risk factors affecting uncontrolled asthma among the Lebanese children's population.
The relation of innate and adaptive immunity with viral-induced acute asthma attacks: Focusing on IP-10 and cathelicidin.
Risk factors for premenstrual asthma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Muscarinic antagonists in early stage clinical development for the treatment of asthma.
Vitamin D Insufficiency and Asthma in a US Nationwide Study.
Costs Attributable to Overweight and Obesity in Working Asthma Patients in the United States.
Anti-IgE and Biologic Approaches for the Treatment of Asthma.
Diagnostic challenges of childhood asthma.
Oxidized graphene-aggravated allergic asthma is antagonized by antioxidant vitamin E in Balb/c mice.
[Sarcopenia in the elderly with a history of COPD/asthma: Results of the SABE-Bogotá study].
Blood Eosinophil Count and Outcomes in Severe Uncontrolled Asthma: A Prospective Study.
School Environmental Intervention to Reduce Particulate Pollutant Exposures for Children with Asthma.
Machine learning approaches to personalize early prediction of asthma exacerbations.
Cohort Study of Severe Bronchiolitis during Infancy and Risk of Asthma by Age 5 Years.
Clinically remitted childhood asthma is associated with airflow obstruction in middle-aged adults.
Association between levels of fractional exhaled nitric oxide and asthma exacerbations in Thai children.
[Persistence to treatment by type of inhaler device in patients with asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease].
Long-Acting β-Agonist in Combination or Separate Inhaler as Step-Up Therapy for Children with Uncontrolled Asthma Receiving Inhaled Corticosteroids.
Biologics and the lung: TSLP and other epithelial cell-derived cytokines in asthma.
Asthma in adolescence: Is there any news?
Hippocampal volume in patients with asthma: Results from the Dallas Heart Study.
[Patients with asthma: Disease control, patients' perceptions and observance. Results of the French REALISE™ survey].
Serum decoy receptor 3 is a biomarker for disease severity in nonatopic asthma patients.
Differences in panic psychopathology between smokers with and without asthma.
Quality of Life and Health Outcomes in Overweight and Non-Overweight Children With Asthma.
Clinical Studies of Statins in Asthma and COPD.
Allergen-specific immunoglobulin E in sera of horses affected with insect bite hypersensitivity, severe equine asthma or both conditions.
Bronchial mucosal IFN-α/β and pattern recognition receptor expression in patients with experimental rhinovirus-induced asthma exacerbations.
Tiotropium added to low- to medium-dose inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) versus low- to medium-dose ICS alone for adults with mild to moderate uncontrolled persistent asthma: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Obesity-Related Asthma: Immune Regulation and Potential Targeted Therapies.
Accuracy of spirometry for detection of asthma: a cross-sectional study.
[Role of serum S1P levels during asthma attack in the evaluation of asthma severity].
The C5a/C5aR1 axis controls the development of experimental allergic asthma independent of LysM-expressing pulmonary immune cells.
Children's, parents' and health professionals' views on the management of childhood asthma: a qualitative study.
Impaired fibrinolysis and lower levels of plasma α<sub>2</sub>-macroglobulin are associated with an increased risk of severe asthma exacerbations.
Association of polymorphisms in TLR2 and TLR4 with asthma risk: An update meta-analysis.
The influence of inhaled corticosteroid discontinuation in children with well-controlled asthma.
Global, regional, and national deaths, prevalence, disability-adjusted life years, and years lived with disability for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and asthma, 1990-2015: a systematic analysis for the Global Burden of Disease Study 2015.
Trends in international asthma mortality: analysis of data from the WHO Mortality Database from 46 countries (1993-2012).
Characteristics of Pediatric Emergency Revisits After an Asthma-Related Hospitalization.
Asthma diagnosis in a child and cessation of smoking in the child's home: the PIAMA birth cohort.
A longitudinal examination of the asthma medication ratio in children.
Efficacy and Safety of Dupilumab in Glucocorticoid-Dependent Severe Asthma.
Parasites and asthma.
Pneumonia risk in asthma patients using inhaled corticosteroids: a quasi-cohort study.
Real life profile of asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease patients in Turkey.
[Prevalence and influential factors for asthma among adults in Chinese].
Evaluation of Asthma Control in Children Using Childhood- Asthma Control Test (C-ACT) and Asthma Therapy Assessment Questionnaire (ATAQ).
Asthma-COPD overlap syndrome: pathogenesis, clinical features, and therapeutic targets.
Anti-IL5 therapies for asthma.
Cesarean section without medical indication and risk of childhood asthma, and attenuation by breastfeeding.
Longitudinal co-variations between inflammatory cytokines, lung function and patient reported outcomes in patients with asthma.
Pediatric Obstructive Sleep Apnea and Asthma: Clinical Implications.
Association of croup with asthma in children: A cohort study.
Cluster Analysis of Acute Care Use Yields Insights for Tailored Pediatric Asthma Interventions.
Association of extended nitric oxide parameters with bronchial hyperresponsiveness and bronchodilator response in children with asthma.
Chronic rhinosinusitis severity is associated with need for asthma-related systemic corticosteroids.
Initiation of an Inhaled Corticosteroid During a Pediatric Emergency Visit for Asthma: A Randomized Clinical Trial.
Efficacy of Arbidol in the prevention of virus-induced exacerbations of bronchial asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Intratracheal administration of adipose derived mesenchymal stem cells alleviates chronic asthma in a mouse model.
Hair analysis to monitor adherence to prescribed chronic inhaler drug therapy in patients with asthma or COPD.
Efficacy of add-on sublingual immunotherapy for adults with asthma: A meta-analysis and systematic review.
Next generation sequencing for miRNA profile of spleen CD4<sup>+</sup> T cells in the murine model of acute asthma.
Asthma Mimickers: Approach to Differential Diagnosis.
Structure and functional impact of seed region variant in MIR-499 gene family in bronchial asthma.
Childhood severe asthma: New insights on remodelling and biomarkers.
Fluticasone propionate and fluticasone propionate/salmeterol multidose dry powder inhalers compared with placebo for persistent asthma.
A trial of oral corticosteroids for persistent systemic and airway inflammation in severe asthma.
Something new in the air: Paying for community-based environmental approaches to asthma prevention and control.
Clinical utility of fractional exhaled nitric oxide and blood eosinophils counts in the diagnosis of asthma-COPD overlap.
Neuropeptides in asthma, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and cystic fibrosis.
Pediatric rhinosinusitis and asthma.
Evidence for mood-dependent attentional processing in asthma: attentional bias towards health-threat in depressive mood and attentional avoidance in neutral mood.
Reduction of respiratory infections in asthma patients supplemented with vitamin D is related to increased serum IL-10 and IFNγ levels and cathelicidin expression.
Early growth characteristics and the risk of reduced lung function and asthma: A meta-analysis of 25,000 children.
Peripheral ventilation heterogeneity determines the extent of bronchoconstriction in asthma.
A phase III randomized controlled trial of tiotropium add-on therapy in children with severe symptomatic asthma.
Effect of asthma therapies on the natural course of asthma.
Environmental Determinants of Bronchial Asthma among Saudi School Children in Southwestern Saudi Arabia.
Effect of an Education Programme for South Asians with Asthma and Their Clinicians: A Cluster Randomised Controlled Trial (OEDIPUS).
IL-17RB<sup>+</sup> granulocytes are associated with airflow obstruction in asthma.
Association of severity of chronic rhinosinusitis with degree of comorbid asthma control.
Computer quantification of "angle of collapse" on maximum expiratory flow volume curve for diagnosing asthma-COPD overlap syndrome.
[A specific immune therapeutic effect of Der p2 T cell epitope vaccine on asthma mice].
Patient-centered outcomes research to improve asthma outcomes.
'The Microbiome and the Pathophysiology of Asthma'.
Intervention Studies of Inhaled Corticosteroids Combined with Long-acting Theophylline or Long-acting β<sub>2</sub>-agonists in Patients with Moderate to Severe Asthma: A Randomized, Controlled Study.
A randomized placebo-controlled trial of traditional Chinese medicine as an add-on therapy to oral montelukast in the treatment of mild persistent asthma in children.
The Effectiveness of Web-Based Asthma Self-Management System, My Asthma Portal (MAP): A Pilot Randomized Controlled Trial.
IL-17 protein levels in both induced sputum and plasma are increased in stable but not acute asthma individuals with obesity.
Prevalence of and beliefs about electronic cigarettes and hookah among high school students with asthma.
Enrolling African-American and Latino patients with asthma in comparative effectiveness research: Lessons learned from 8 patient-centered studies.
Pharmacokinetics, pharmacodynamics and clinical efficacy of omalizumab for the treatment of asthma.
A health care navigation tool assesses asthma self-management and health literacy.
Association Between Insomnia and Asthma Burden in the Severe Asthma Research Program (SARP) III.
Psychological treatment of comorbid asthma and panic disorder in Latino adults: Results from a randomized controlled trial.
Inundation of asthma target research: Untangling asthma riddles.
Lack of efficacy of nebulized magnesium sulfate in treating adult asthma: A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Comorbid disorders associated with asthma in children in Germany - National analysis of pediatric primary care data.
PARP inhibition treatment in a nonconventional experimental mouse model of chronic asthma.
Post-traumatic Stress Disorder, Bronchodilator Response, and Incident Asthma in World Trade Center Rescue and Recovery Workers.
Association between obesity and asthma - epidemiology, pathophysiology and clinical profile.
A dual CysLT<sub>1/2</sub> antagonist attenuates allergen-induced airway responses in subjects with mild allergic asthma.
Relevance of specific IgE antibody titer to the prevalence, severity, and persistence of asthma among 19-year-olds in northern Sweden.
Measurement of utility in asthma: evidence indicating that generic instruments may miss clinically important changes.
Asthma associated with chronic rhinosinusitis: a population-based study.
The short-term association between asthma hospitalisations, ambient temperature, other meteorological factors and air pollutants in Hong Kong: a time-series study.
Where does current and future pediatric asthma treatment stand? Remodeling and inflammation: Bird's eye view.
How can adherence to asthma medication be enhanced? Triangulation of key asthma stakeholders' perspectives.
Health-Related Quality of Life of Children with Asthma: Self and Parental Perceptions.
Polymorphisms of EHF-ELF5 genomic region and its association with pediatric asthma in the Taiwanese population.
Efficacy of inhaled budesonide for the treatment of severe equine asthma.
Indoor Dust Allergen Levels in the Homes of Patients with Childhood Asthma: An Experience From Southwestern Iran.
Periostin levels and eosinophilic inflammation in poorly-controlled asthma.
Effectiveness of the Polish program for the treatment of severe allergic asthma with omalizumab: a single-center experience.
Midwives' perception of their role in providing antenatal asthma management in Australia--a qualitative study.
Asthma in Urban Children: Epidemiology, Environmental Risk Factors, and the Public Health Domain.
IL-33 is related to innate immune activation and sensitization to HDM in mild steroid-free asthma.
Evaluating the role of leukotriene-modifying drugs in asthma management: Are their benefits 'losing in translation'?
Genetics and Genomics of Longitudinal Lung Function Patterns in Individuals with Asthma.
Serum progranulin as an indicator of neutrophilic airway inflammation and asthma severity.
Fish Oil-Derived Fatty Acids in Pregnancy and Wheeze and Asthma in Offspring.
Vitamin D deficiency and its impact on asthma severity in asthmatic children.
Pivotal efficacy trials of inhaled corticosteroids in asthma.
Addressing asthma and obesity in children with community health workers: proof-of-concept intervention development.
Free asthma medications reduces hospital admissions in Brazil (Free asthma drugs reduces hospitalizations in Brazil).
Postmortem serum levels of IgE and mast cell tryptase in fatal asthma.
Astragalus polysaccharide modulates ER stress response in an OVA-LPS induced murine model of severe asthma.
Therapeutic effects of histone deacetylase inhibitors in a murine asthma model.
Short residence duration was associated with asthma but not cognitive function in the elderly: USA NHANES, 2001-2002.
Generation of IL10 and TGFB1 coexpressed mice displaying resistance to ovalbumin-induced asthma.
Uncontrolled asthma and its risk factors in adult Chinese asthma patients.
Identification of Epithelial Phospholipase A<sub>2</sub> Receptor 1 as a Potential Target in Asthma.
Early-Life Exposure to the Great Smog of 1952 and the Development of Asthma.
Asthma-like Features and Clinical Course of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease. An Analysis from the Hokkaido COPD Cohort Study.
Spacers versus nebulizers in treatment of acute asthma - a prospective randomized study in preschool children.
Exploring the theoretical pathways through which asthma app features can promote adolescent self-management.
Long-term CPAP treatment improves asthma control in patients with asthma and obstructive sleep apnoea.
Adverse events of benralizumab in moderate to severe eosinophilic asthma: A meta-analysis.
[Clinical features of children with bronchial asthma complicated by pulmonary fungal infection and risk factors for pulmonary fungal infection].
Allergies, asthma, and psychopathology in a nationally-representative US sample.
Specific airway resistance is a better outcome parameter in bronchial provocation testing compared to FEV<sub>1</sub> in patients with bronchial asthma.
Are inner-city children with asthma receiving specialty care as recommended in national asthma guidelines?
Care transition interventions for children with asthma in the emergency department.
Evaluation of the efficacy of a web-based work-related asthma educational tool.
Predictors of clinical response to extrafine and non-extrafine particle inhaled corticosteroids in smokers and ex-smokers with asthma.
Recent developments and highlights in biomarkers in allergic diseases and asthma.
Autoimmune polyendocrine syndrome type 2 in patient with severe allergic asthma treated with omalizumab.
Indoor mould exposure, asthma and rhinitis: findings from systematic reviews and recent longitudinal studies.
Excess free fructose, high-fructose corn syrup and adult asthma: the Framingham Offspring Cohort.
Altered expression of IL-18 binding protein and IL-18 receptor in basophils and mast cells of asthma patients.
A survey of asthma management practices and implementation of Global Initiative for Asthma guidelines among doctors in a resource-limited setting in Nigeria.
The real world effect of omalizumab add on therapy for patients with moderate to severe allergic asthma: The ASTERIX Observational study.
Health-related quality of life of patients with asthma: a cross-sectional study in Semnan, Islamic Republic of Iran.
Linoleic acid metabolite leads to steroid resistant asthma features partially through NF-κB.
Clinical and biological characteristics of the French COBRA cohort of adult subjects with asthma.
Tailored interventions based on sputum eosinophils versus clinical symptoms for asthma in children and adults.
Airway calibre variation is a major determinant of exhaled nitric oxide's ability to capture asthma control.
Prognostic nomogram for inpatients with asthma exacerbation.
Asthma, bones and corticosteroids: Are inhaled corticosteroids associated with fractures in children with asthma?
Mortality in Asthma-Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease Overlap in the United States.
Clinical Updates in Women's Health Care Summary: Asthma.
Enhancing Postdischarge Asthma Care by Using Pharmacy Claims and Telephone Follow-up.
Reslizumab for Treating Asthma with Elevated Blood Eosinophils Inadequately Controlled by Inhaled Corticosteroids: An Evidence Review Group Perspective of a NICE Single Technology Appraisal.
Therapeutic effects of liver soothing pingchuan formula decoction on experimental asthma in BALB/c mice via regulation of nerve growth factor-tyrosine kinase A pathway.
Respiratory symptoms, asthma and levels of fractional exhaled nitric oxide in schoolchildren in the industrial areas of Estonia.
The overlaps of asthma or COPD with OSA: A focused review.
Cost-effectiveness of omalizumab add-on to standard-of-care therapy in patients with uncontrolled severe allergic asthma in a Brazilian healthcare setting.
Transgenerational transmission of asthma risk after exposure to environmental particles during pregnancy.
Regulatory T cells and type 2 innate lymphoid cell-dependent asthma.
Coexisting COPD in elderly asthma with fixed airflow limitation: Assessment by DLco %predicted and HRCT.
Relationship between fraction of exhaled nitric oxide and airway morphology assessed by three-dimensional CT analysis in asthma.
Long-term outcomes of bronchial thermoplasty in subjects with severe asthma: a comparison of 3-year follow-up results from two prospective multicentre studies.
Pulmonary inflammation and cytokine dynamics of bronchoalveolar lavage fluid from a mouse model of bronchial asthma during A(H1N1)pdm09 influenza infection.
Culture-specific programs for children and adults from minority groups who have asthma.
Perceptions of asthma control in the United Kingdom: a cross-sectional study comparing patient and healthcare professionals' perceptions of asthma control with validated ACT scores.
Effect of azithromycin on asthma exacerbations and quality of life in adults with persistent uncontrolled asthma (AMAZES): a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
Posttraumatic stress disorder following asthma attack: the role of agency beliefs in mediating psychiatric morbidity.
Asthma and gastroesophageal reflux disease: a multidisciplinary point of view.
Diagnosing eosinophilic asthma using a multivariate prediction model based on blood granulocyte responsiveness.
Standardizing Germany's Electronic Disease Management Program for Bronchial Asthma.
Evaluation of Bayesian classifiers in asthma exacerbation prediction after medication discontinuation.
"Tossing a coin:" defining the excessive use of short-acting beta<sub>2</sub>-agonists in asthma-the views of general practitioners and asthma experts in primary and secondary care.
Anti-inflammatory duration of action of fluticasone furoate/vilanterol trifenatate in asthma: a cross-over randomised controlled trial.
Accumulated evidence on Helicobacter pylori infection and the risk of asthma: A meta-analysis.
Risk of Periodontal Disease in Patients With Asthma: A Nationwide Population-Based Retrospective Cohort Study.
Hematopoietic Processes in Eosinophilic Asthma.
A Randomized, Multicenter, Double-blind, Phase III Study to Evaluate the Efficacy on Allergic Rhinitis and Safety of a Combination Therapy of Montelukast and Levocetirizine in Patients With Asthma and Allergic Rhinitis.
Eosinophil and airway nerve interactions in asthma.
Recent advances in understanding the roles of blood platelets in the pathogenesis of allergic inflammation and bronchial asthma.
The Notch pathway inhibitor stapled α-helical peptide derived from mastermind-like 1 (SAHM1) abrogates the hallmarks of allergic asthma.
Airway Epithelial Orchestration of Innate Immune Function in Response to Virus Infection. A Focus on Asthma.
Leveraging gene-environment interactions and endotypes for asthma gene discovery.
The epidemiology of asthma and its comorbidities in Poland--Health problems of patients with severe asthma as evidenced in the Province of Lodz.
Reduced Antiviral Interferon Production in Poorly Controlled Asthma Is Associated With Neutrophilic Inflammation and High-Dose Inhaled Corticosteroids.
Saving in medical costs by achieving guideline-based asthma symptom control: a population-based study.
Asthma Flare-up Diary for Young Children to monitor the severity of exacerbations.
Effects of physical therapy on lung function in children with asthma: Study protocol for a systematic review and meta-analysis.
An exploratory phenome wide association study linking asthma and liver disease genetic variants to electronic health records from the Estonian Biobank.
Montelukast and Budesonide for Childhood Cough Variant Asthma.
Oral microbiomes in children with asthma and dental caries.
Impact of Birth Weight and Smoking on Lung Function in Patients with Asthma, COPD, and Healthy Volunteers.
An assessment of adherence to asthma medication guidelines: findingsfrom a tertiary care center in the state of Penang, Malaysia.
Long-term outcome after pediatric intensive care unit asthma admissions.
Circulating follicular T-helper cell subset distribution in patients with asthma.
Hygiene factors associated with childhood food allergy and asthma.
Are sleep disorders associated with increased mortality in asthma patients?
Trends of asthma hospitalization and hospital mortality in mainland Portugal.
Assessment of work-related asthma prevalence, control and severity: protocol of a field study.
Impact of occupational exposures on exacerbation of asthma: a population-based asthma cohort study.
Evaluation of the use of Swedish integrated electronic health records and register health care data as support clinical trials in severe asthma: the PACEHR study.
Efficacy and safety comparison: Fluticasone furoate and fluticasone propionate, after step down from fluticasone furoate/vilanterol in Japanese patients with well-controlled asthma, a randomized trial.
Subjects with well-controlled asthma have similar health-related quality of life as subjects without asthma.
The asthma-anxiety connection.
Low risk of adverse obstetrical and perinatal outcome in pregnancies complicated by asthma: A case control study.
Looking beyond cigarettes: Are Ontario adolescents with asthma less likely to smoke e-cigarettes, marijuana, waterpipes or tobacco cigarettes?
Asthma exacerbations and traffic: examining relationships using link-based traffic metrics and a comprehensive patient database.
GSDMB induces an asthma phenotype characterized by increased airway responsiveness and remodeling without lung inflammation.
IL-13<sup>+</sup> Type 2 Innate Lymphoid Cells Correlate with Asthma Control Status and Treatment Response.
Association of neighborhood crime with asthma and asthma morbidity among Mexican American children in Chicago, Illinois.
Parental decision making associated with pediatric emergency department use for asthma.
The effects of air pollution on asthma hospital admissions in Adelaide, South Australia, 2003-2013: time-series and case-crossover analyses.
Real-life effectiveness of omalizumab in severe allergic asthma above the recommended dosing range criteria.
Asthma related medication use and exacerbations in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes.
Targeting Single Molecules in Asthma Benefits Few.
Azithromycin for Acute Exacerbations of Asthma : The AZALEA Randomized Clinical Trial.
Comorbidities in difficult asthma are independent risk factors for frequent exacerbations, poor control and diminished quality of life.
Increased identification of the primary care provider as the main source of asthma care among urban minority children.
Asthma in Children With Comorbid Obesity: Intervention Development in a High-Risk Urban Community.
There is an "app" for that: Designing mobile phone technology to improve asthma action plan use in adolescent patients.
Acculturation and quality of life in urban, African American caregivers of children with asthma.
Simultaneously increased fraction of exhaled nitric oxide levels and blood eosinophil counts relate to increased asthma morbidity.
[Prevalence of asthma consultations in general practice].
A randomized trial of the efficacy and safety of quilizumab in adults with inadequately controlled allergic asthma.
Ten-eleven translocation 1 (TET1) methylation is associated with childhood asthma and traffic-related air pollution.
Caregiver's functional status during a young child's asthma exacerbation: A validated instrument.
Stable admission rate for acute asthma in Danish children since 1977.
Impaired airway epithelial cell responses from children with asthma to rhinoviral infection.
Airflow obstruction: is it asthma or is it COPD?
Can severe asthmatic patients achieve asthma control? A systematic approach in patients with difficult to control asthma followed in a specialized clinic.
Impaired anti-inflammatory action of glucocorticoid in neutrophil from patients with steroid-resistant asthma.
Risk of asthma in patients with primary Sjögren's syndrome: a retrospective cohort study.
An Official American Thoracic Society Workshop Report: Evaluation and Management of Asthma in the Elderly.
Prevalence and Occupational and Environmental Risk Factors of Self-Reported Asthma: Evidence from a Cross-Sectional Survey in Seven Chinese Cities.
The role of inspiratory muscle training in the management of asthma and exercise-induced bronchoconstriction.
Evaluation of long-term safety and efficacy of omalizumab in elderly patients with uncontrolled allergic asthma.
Maternal age and asthma in Latino populations.
Psychological Factors Influencing the Decision of Urban Adolescents With Undiagnosed Asthma to Obtain Medical Care.
Exploration of early-life candidate biomarkers for childhood asthma using antibody arrays.
Vaccines: could asthma in young children be a preventable disease? ‬‬‬‬‬‬‬.
Asthma outcomes after adenotonsillectomy: A systematic review.
Asthma and Hypogammaglobulinemia: an Asthma Phenotype with Low Type 2 Inflammation.
Gu-Ben-Fang-Xiao decoction attenuates sustained airway inflammation by suppressing ER stress response in a murine asthma remission model of respiratory syncytial virus infection.
Pediatric Asthma Care Coordination in Underserved Communities: A Quasiexperimental Study.
Clinical and functional differences between early-onset and late-onset adult asthma: a population-based Tasmanian Longitudinal Health Study.
Maternal plasma total neopterin and kynurenine/tryptophan levels during pregnancy in relation to asthma development in the offspring.
A primary care-based asthma program improves recognition and treatment of persistent asthma in inner-city children compared to routine care.
Adolescent, caregiver, and friend preferences for integrating social support and communication features into an asthma self-management app.
PPI in the PLEASANT trial: involving children with asthma and their parents in designing an intervention for a randomised controlled trial based within primary care.
Indoor Environmental Interventions and their Effect on Asthma Outcomes.
Asthma and Vocal Cord Dysfunction: Can You Tell the Difference?
Socioeconomic and Environmental Predictors of Asthma-Related Mortality.
Associations between blood eosinophils and decline in lung function among adults with and without asthma.
Association of Inhaled Corticosteroids and Long-Acting Muscarinic Antagonists With Asthma Control in Patients With Uncontrolled, Persistent Asthma: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.
Role of epigenetics in the development of childhood asthma.
The association between asthma and type 1 diabetes: a paediatric case-cohort study in Finland, years 1981-2009.
Obstructive Sleep Apnea Risk, Asthma Burden, and Lower Airway Inflammation in Adults in the Severe Asthma Research Program (SARP) II.
Quality of Life in Children with Asthma in Bangladesh.
Adaptation of an asthma management program to a small clinic.
Improving Asthma Control through Asthma Action Plans: A Quality Improvement Project at a Midwest Community Clinic.
Virus-induced asthma attack: The importance of allergic inflammation in response to viral antigen in an animal model of asthma.
Diagnosis and Management of Asthma in Adults: A Review.
Redefining the overlap of asthma and COPD.
Activation of the mTOR signaling pathway is required for asthma onset.
Chlamydia pneumoniae Induces Interferon Gamma Responses in Peripheral Blood Mononuclear Cells in Children with Allergic Asthma.
Clinical phenotypes in asthma during childhood.
Rapid adiposity growth increases risks of new-onset asthma and airway inflammation in children.
Caregiver and pediatric provider perspectives on symptom-based inhaled corticosteroid therapy in asthma.
Prospective Cohort Study of Breastfeeding and the Risk of Childhood Asthma.
Assessment of Northern Jordanian adolescents' knowledge and attitudes towards asthma.
Using fathers as a negative control exposure to test the Developmental Origins of Health and Disease Hypothesis: A case study on maternal distress and offspring asthma using Swedish register data.
Influence of antibiotic use in early childhood on asthma and allergic diseases at age 5.
Small airway function before and after cold dry air challenge in pediatric asthma patients during remission.
Assessing usability of the "Adherence Starts with Knowledge 20" (ASK-20) questionnaire for Japanese adults with bronchial asthma receiving inhaled corticosteroids long term.
Asthma Academy: Developing educational technology to improve Asthma medication adherence and intervention efficiency.
The role of a hospital pharmacist in the management of asthma in Great Britain.
Impact of respiratory infections, outdoor pollen, and socioeconomic status on associations between air pollutants and pediatric asthma hospital admissions.
A pilot feeding study for adults with asthma: The healthy eating better breathing trial.
Cellular and molecular mechanisms of asthma and COPD.
Corticosteroid Therapy During Acute Bronchiolitis in Patients Who Later Develop Asthma.
Benralizumab for patients with mild to moderate, persistent asthma (BISE): a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled, phase 3 trial.
Severe asthma in children.
Pediatric Asthma Care Assessment for the Emergency Department.
Role of neutrophils in equine asthma.
[Helping smoking cessation in COPD, asthma, lung cancer, operated smokers].
Multichannel lung sound analysis for asthma detection.
Improving youth question-asking and provider education during pediatric asthma visits.
[Asthma-associated oral and dental health repercussions in children aged 6 to 12 years].
Linking clinical quality indicators to research evidence - a case study in asthma management for children.
A Viewpoint on the Leaky Gut Syndrome to Treat Allergic Asthma: A Novel Opinion.
Pulvis Fellis Suis extract attenuates ovalbumin-induced airway inflammation in murine model of asthma.
Efficacy and safety of mepolizumab in Japanese patients with severe eosinophilic asthma.
Feishu Acupuncture Inhibits Acetylcholine Synthesis and Restores Muscarinic Acetylcholine Receptor M2 Expression in the Lung When Treating Allergic Asthma.
Outcomes of paediatric critical care asthma patients.
Controversies in Pediatric Asthma.
Allergen-induced Increases in Sputum Levels of Group 2 Innate Lymphoid Cells in Subjects with Asthma.
Multimorbidities of asthma, allergies, and airway illnesses in childhood: Chance or not chance?
Asthma, oculonasal symptoms, and skin test sensitivity across National Health and Nutrition Examination Surveys.
Increased asthma and adipose tissue inflammatory gene expression with obesity and Inuit migration to a western country.
Spirometry-Adjusted Fraction of Exhaled Nitric Oxide Allows Asthma Diagnosis in Children, Adolescents, and Young Adults.
Achieving asthma control with ICS/LABA: A review of strategies for asthma management and prevention.
The living with asthma study: issues affecting the perceived health and well-being of Irish adults with asthma.
Influence of inhaler technique on asthma and COPD control: a multicenter experience.
Trigger factors in asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: a single-centre cross-sectional survey.
Evaluation of a Pilot Asthma Care Program for Electronic Communication between School Health and a Healthcare System's Electronic Medical Record.
Distinguishing characteristics of difficult-to-control asthma in inner-city children and adolescents.
Perip7lakin is a target for autoimmunity in asthma.
Real life data on incidence and risk factors of severe asthma exacerbations in children in primary care.
Impact of asthma on mortality in older women: An Australian cohort study of 10,413 women.
Asthma as a disruption in iron homeostasis.
Changes in lung sounds during asthma progression in a guinea pig model.
Association of sugar-sweetened beverage intake frequency and asthma among U.S. adults, 2013.
Neuropeptide Y associated with asthma in young adults.
Molecularly targeted therapies for asthma: Current development, challenges and potential clinical translation.
Fifteen-year mortality of patients with asthma-COPD overlap syndrome.
Simvastatin requires activation in accessory cells to modulate T-cell responses in asthma and COPD.
Asthma and asthma-related health care utilization among people without disabilities and people with physical disabilities.
Interaction of vitamin E isoforms on asthma and allergic airway disease.
Metformin use and asthma outcomes among patients with concurrent asthma and diabetes.
Exacerbation risk in severe asthma is stratified by inflammatory phenotype using longitudinal measures of sputum eosinophils.
Evaluation of Simvastatin and Bone Marrow-Derived Mesenchymal Stem Cell Combination Therapy on Airway Remodeling in a Mouse Asthma Model.
Development, feasibility, and validity of a computer-based utility assessment tool for measuring asthma-specific health utilities in Malaysia using the standard gamble method.
Neighborhood Stress, Depressive Symptoms, and Asthma Morbidity in Youth.
Space-time scan for identification of risk areas for hospitalization of children due to asthma in Mato Grosso, Brazil.
The effect of single pretreatment with salbutamol on recovery of bronchoalveolar lavage fluid in horses with suspected or confirmed severe equine asthma.
[Asthma exacerbations in adults: Preventing and treat].
Effect of Syringic acid on antioxidant biomarkers and associated inflammatory markers in mice model of asthma.
Flagellin suppresses experimental asthma by generating regulatory dendritic cells and T cells.
Research in progress: Medical Research Council United Kingdom Refractory Asthma Stratification Programme (RASP-UK).
Impact of obstructive sleep apnea on severe asthma exacerbations.
[Prevalence of asthma and its symptoms in schoolchildren from Cuernavaca, Morelos, Mexico].
Pathways through which asthma risk factors contribute to asthma severity in inner-city children.
Asthma phenotypes in inner-city children.
Anti-inflammatory potential of PI3Kδ and JAK inhibitors in asthma patients.
Coexistence of asthma and polycystic ovary syndrome: A concise review.
Step-down treatment from medium-dosage of budesonide/formoterol in controlled asthma.
Improving the diagnosis of eosinophilic asthma.
The impact of depression in older patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and asthma.
Efficacy and safety of lebrikizumab in patients with uncontrolled asthma (LAVOLTA I and LAVOLTA II): replicate, phase 3, randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials.
Efficacy and safety of benralizumab for patients with severe asthma uncontrolled with high-dosage inhaled corticosteroids and long-acting β<sub>2</sub>-agonists (SIROCCO): a randomised, multicentre, placebo-controlled phase 3 trial.
Eosinophil Peroxidase Catalyzed Protein Carbamylation Participates in Asthma.
Lebrikizumab for the treatment of asthma.
Fitness, obesity and risk of asthma among Army trainees.
Do we really need asthma-chronic obstructive pulmonary disease overlap syndrome?
Decreased epithelial and plasma miR-181b-5p expression associates with airway eosinophilic inflammation in asthma.
Association of symptom control with changes in lung function, bronchial hyperresponsiveness, and exhaled nitric oxide after inhaled corticosteroid treatment in children with asthma.
Identification of a new locus at 16q12 associated with time to asthma onset.
PELICAN: Content evaluation of patient-centered care for children with asthma based on an online tool.
Concordance between bronchial hyperresponsiveness, fractional exhaled nitric oxide, and asthma control in children.
Reslizumab for Inadequately Controlled Asthma With Elevated Blood Eosinophil Levels: A Randomized Phase 3 Study.
Irreversible airway obstruction in asthma: A risk factor for severe exacerbations in spite of proper treatment.
Barriers to Asthma Management as Identified by School Nurses.
Airway Hyperresponsiveness in Asthma Model Occurs Independently of Secretion of β1 Integrins in Airway Wall and Focal Adhesions Proteins Down Regulation.
Impact of psychiatric illness upon asthma patients' health care utilization and illness control. Are all psychiatric comorbidities created equal?
B<sub>2</sub> adrenergic receptor gene polymorphism effect on childhood asthma severity and response to treatment.
Need for intensive care in patients admitted for asthma: Red flags from the social history.
Asthma-COPD overlap syndrome: recent advances in diagnostic criteria and prognostic significance.
A sputum gene expression signature predicts oral corticosteroid response in asthma.
Prescription of oral short-acting beta 2-agonist for asthma in non-resource poor settings: A national study in Malaysia.
Association of asthma with coronary heart disease: A meta analysis of 11 trials.
Association of Interleukin-12A rs568408 with Susceptibility to Asthma in Taiwan.
Polymorphism in the gene encoding toll-like receptor 10 may be associated with asthma after bronchiolitis.
Characterization of Asthma-Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease Overlap Syndrome: A Qualitative Analysis.
Prevalence of asthma and allergies in 13-14-year-old adolescents from Luanda, Angola.
Assessing asthma in the otolaryngologist's office.
Echocardiographic Assessment of Ventricular Function in Young Patients with Asthma.
Crucial role of OX40/OX40L signaling in a murine model of asthma.
The efficacy and safety of bronchial thermoplasty in severe persistent asthma on extended follow-up.
Association between chemical components of PM<sub>2.5</sub> and children's primary care night-time visits due to asthma attacks: A case-crossover study.
[Optimization of acupoint application scheme in the treatment of bronchial asthma based on the orthogonal design method].
Cellular and noncellular bloodborne biomarkers in asthma.
Comparison of the Proportion and Healthcare Utilisation of Adult Patients with Uncontrolled Severe Asthma versus Non-Severe Asthma Seen in a Southeast Asian Hospital-Based Respiratory Specialist Clinic.
Association of Obstructive Sleep Apnea with Asthma: A Meta-Analysis.
Factors related to good asthma control using different medical adherence scales in Latvian asthma patients: an observational study.
Effects of diesel exhaust particle exposure on a murine model of asthma due to soybean.
Self-reported racial/ethnic discrimination and bronchodilator response in African American youth with asthma.
Oral Glucocorticoid-Sparing Effect of Benralizumab in Severe Asthma.
Behavioral interventions to improve asthma outcomes: a systematic review of recent publications.
Asthma prevalence and severity in low-resource communities.
A comparative pilot study of the efficacy and safety of nebulized magnesium sulfate and intravenous magnesium sulfate in children with severe acute asthma.
Asthma Clinics in Primary Healthcare Centres in Oman: Do they make a difference?
Initial Influenza Virus Replication Can Be Limited in Allergic Asthma Through Rapid Induction of Type III Interferons in Respiratory Epithelium.
Update on new biologics for intractable eosinophilic asthma: impact of reslizumab.
Efficacy and safety of the CRTh2 antagonist AZD1981 as add-on therapy to inhaled corticosteroids and long-acting β<sub>2</sub>-agonists in patients with atopic asthma.
Bradykinin in asthma: Modulation of airway inflammation and remodelling.
ATP/P2X7-NLRP3 axis of dendritic cells participates in the regulation of airway inflammation and hyper-responsiveness in asthma by mediating HMGB1 expression and secretion.
How Much Does Management of an Asthma-Related Event Cost in a Malaysian Suburban Hospital?
Developmental endothelial locus-1 (Del-1) antagonizes Interleukin-17-mediated allergic asthma.
House dust mite impairs antiviral response in asthma exacerbation models through its effects on TLR3.
Pulmonary ventilation imaging in asthma and cystic fibrosis using oxygen-enhanced 3D radial ultrashort echo time MRI.
Clinical evaluation for sublingual immunotherapy with Dermatophagoides farinae drops in adult patients with allergic asthma.
Asthma and atopic diseases in adolescence and antidepressant medication in middle age.
Asthma and oral changes in children: Associated factors in a community of southern Brazil.
MIDD0301 - A first-in-class anti-inflammatory asthma drug targets GABA<sub>A</sub> receptors without causing systemic immune suppression.
Early-life gut microbial colonization shapes Th1/Th2 balance in asthma model in BALB/c mice.
Chloride ion transport and overexpression of TMEM16A in a guinea-pig asthma model.
A Novel Orally Available Asthma Drug Candidate That Reduces Smooth Muscle Constriction and Inflammation by Targeting GABA<sub>A</sub> Receptors in the Lung.
Flow-volume loops measured with electrical impedance tomography in pediatric patients with asthma.
Upper and lower airway remodelling mechanisms in asthma, allergic rhinitis and chronic rhinosinusitis: The one airway concept revisited.
Effects of Ligustrazine on Airway Inflammation in A Mouse Model of Neutrophilic Asthma.
Chronic IL-33 expression predisposes to virus-induced asthma exacerbations by increasing type 2 inflammation and dampening antiviral immunity.
Safety, efficacy, and dose response of fluticasone propionate delivered via the novel MDPI in patients with severe asthma: A randomized, controlled, dose-ranging study.
Differential bronchial epithelial response regulated by ΔNp63: a functional understanding of the epithelial shedding found in asthma.
MicroRNA-145 influences the balance of Th1/Th2 via regulating RUNX3 in asthma patients.
Diagnosis and investigation in the severe asthma clinic.
Characteristics of patients making serious inhaler errors with a dry powder inhaler and association with asthma-related events in a primary care setting.
Virus and Mycoplasma pneumoniae prevalence in a selected pediatric population with acute asthma exacerbation.
In utero exposure to pets is associated with asthma and wheezing in Mexican American children.
Genetic variants of ADAM33 are associated with asthma susceptibility in the Punjabi population of Pakistan.
A nationwide assessment of asthma-mental health nexus among veterans.
Asthma Control Test and Asthma Control Questionnaire: factorial validity, reliability and correspondence in assessing status and change in asthma control.
Limited treatment adaptation despite poor asthma control in asthma patients treated with inhaled corticosteroids.
Early farm residency and prevalence of asthma and hay fever in adults.
Asthma medication use among late midlife U.S. Adults.
A prospective cohort study of pulmonary function during pregnancy in women with and without asthma.
Lower esophageal sphincter pressures in patients of bronchial asthma and its correlation with spirometric parameters: a case-control study.
Association of asthma with obesity among adolescents exposed to environmental tobacco smoke.
Are asthma patients at increased risk of clinical depression? A longitudinal cohort study.
Wheezes and desert breezes: when asthma and valley fever collide.
Relationships among obesity, physical activity and sedentary behavior in young adolescents with and without lifetime asthma.
Characterization of sputum biomarkers for asthma-COPD overlap syndrome.
Short-term Effects of Ambient Air Pollution on Emergency Department Visits for Asthma: An Assessment of Effect Modification by Prior Allergic Disease History.
Importance of fractional exhaled nitric oxide in the differentiation of asthma-COPD overlap syndrome, asthma, and COPD.
Breathing Better Through Bugs: Asthma and the Microbiome.
Protective Effects of Intratracheally-Administered Bee Venom Phospholipase A2 on Ovalbumin-Induced Allergic Asthma in Mice.
Improving the quality of care for children with wheeze: The use of electronic asthma action plans and electronic pre-school wheeze action plans.
Asthma among Staten Island fresh kills landfill and barge workers following the September 11, 2001 World Trade Center terrorist attacks.
Increased angiogenic factors in exhaled breath condensate of children with severe asthma - New markers of disease progression?
Asthma control in patients treated with inhaled corticosteroids and long-acting beta agonists: A population-based analysis in Germany.
Asthma prevalence in German Olympic athletes: A comparison of winter and summer sport disciplines.
Population-based weight loss and gain do not explain trends in asthma mortality in Cuba: A prospective study from 1964 to 2014.
Co-existence and seasonal variation in rhinitis and asthma symptoms in patients with asthma.
Sex differences in asthma and gastroesophageal reflux disease incidence among the World Trade Center Health Program General Responder Cohort.
Prostaglandin D2 receptor antagonists in early development as potential therapeutic options for asthma.
Effectiveness and response predictors of omalizumab in a severe allergic asthma population with a high prevalence of comorbidities: the Australian Xolair Registry.
Activation of angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) attenuates allergic airway inflammation in rat asthma model.
Mismatching Among Guidelines, Providers, and Parents on Controller Medication Use in Children with Asthma.
Motivating parents of kids with asthma to quit smoking: the effect of the teachable moment and increasing intervention intensity using a longitudinal randomized trial design.
Respiratory effect of beta-blocker eye drops in asthma: population-based study and meta-analysis of clinical trials.
Antibiotic use during pregnancy and asthma in preschool children: the influence of confounding.
Protein profiles of CCL5, HPGDS, and NPSR1 in plasma reveal association with childhood asthma.
Asthma, hay fever, and food allergy are associated with caregiver-reported speech disorders in US children.
Association between clinical variables related to asthma in schoolchildren born with very low birth weight with and without bronchopulmonary dysplasia.
Therapeutic implication of genetic variants of IL13 and STAT4 in airway remodelling with bronchial asthma.
Behavioral influences on prescription inhaler acquisition for persistent asthma in a patient-centered medical home.
Effect of Asthma Call-back Survey methodology changes on work-related asthma estimates, 19 states, 2007-2012.
Differential effect of omalizumab on pulmonary function in patients with allergic asthma with and without chronic rhinosinusitis.
Examining causes of the urban (inner city) asthma epidemic: Implementing new management strategies.
Severe asthma features in children: a case-control online survey.
Blood cytotoxic/inflammatory mediators in non-eosinophilic asthma.
Effects of poor asthma control, insomnia, anxiety and depression on quality of life in young asthmatics.
Asthma insights from Jordan: cross-sectional observational study.
Behavioral Interventions to Improve Asthma Outcomes for Adolescents: A Systematic Review.
Asthma management practices in adults--findings from the German Health Update (GEDA) 2010 and the German National Health Interview and Examination Survey (DEGS1) 2008-2011.
Genetic associations with viral respiratory illnesses and asthma control in children.
Association between CD14 gene promoter polymorphisms with serum total-IgE and eosinophil levels in atopic and non-atopic asthma patients in a Chinese Han population.
The association of childhood asthma with mental health and developmental comorbidities in low-income families.
Evaluation of switching low-dose inhaled corticosteroid to pranlukast for step-down therapy in well-controlled patients with mild persistent asthma.
Asthma in a university campus: a survey of students and staff of Obafemi Awolowo University, Ile-Ife, Nigeria.
Postural stability in school-age children with mild bronchial asthma disease (a pilot study).
Blood lipid levels associate with childhood asthma, airway obstruction, bronchial hyperresponsiveness, and aeroallergen sensitization.
The management of asthma in the phenotype and biomarker era: The proposal of a new diagnostic-therapeutic model.
Prevalence of asthma among school children in Gaborone, Botswana.
Time-trend analysis of prevalence, incidence and traditional Chinese medicine use among children with asthma: a population-based study.
Exploring asthma control cutoffs and economic outcomes using the Asthma Control Questionnaire.
Telemedicine is as effective as in-person visits for patients with asthma.
Association between high school students' cigarette smoking, asthma and related beliefs: a population-based study.
Effect of asthma and PTSD on persistence and onset of gastroesophageal reflux symptoms among adults exposed to the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks.
Predictors of frequent exacerbations in (ex)smoking and never smoking adults with severe asthma.
Rosae Multiflorae Fructus Hot Water Extract Inhibits a Murine Allergic Asthma Via the Suppression of Th2 Cytokine Production and Histamine Release from Mast Cells.
Prevalence of asthma symptoms in Golestan schoolchildren aged 6-7 and 13-14 years in Northeast Iran.
Predictors of future exacerbation risk in patients with asthma.
Bevacizumab reduced auto-phosphorylation of VEGFR2 to protect HDM-induced asthma mice.
Level of Asthma Controller Therapy Before Admission to the Hospital.
Ligustrazine attenuates inflammation and the associated chemokines and receptors in ovalbumine-induced mouse asthma model.
Pragmatic randomized controlled trial of an allergy intervention for children aged 6-16 with asthma and rhinitis in general practice.
Changes over time in the prevalence of asthma, rhinitis and atopic eczema in adolescents from Taubaté, São Paulo, Brazil (2005-2012): Relationship with living near a heavily travelled highway.
Emergency hospital admissions for asthma and access to primary care: cross-sectional analysis.
Risk of asthma in heterozygous carriers for cystic fibrosis: A meta-analysis.
Sex Differences in the Relationship between Fitness and Obesity on Risk for Asthma in Adolescents.
Developing, Implementing, and Evaluating a School-Centered Asthma Program: Step-Up Asthma Program.
Mapping the Asthma Care Process: Implications for Research and Practice.
Mould and grass pollen allergy as risk factors for childhood asthma in Zaragoza, Spain.
Co-morbidities and cognitive status in a cohort of teenagers with asthma.
Asthma Status and Risk of Incident Myocardial Infarction: A Population-Based Case-Control Study.
Evaluating early-life asthma definitions as a marker for subsequent asthma in an electronic medical record setting.
Asthma in Asia: Physician perspectives on control, inhaler use and patient communications.
Identifying patients at risk for severe exacerbations of asthma: development and external validation of a multivariable prediction model.
Gender and asthma-chronic obstructive pulmonary disease overlap syndrome.
DNA methylation within melatonin receptor 1A (MTNR1A) mediates paternally transmitted genetic variant effect on asthma plus rhinitis.
Visceral adiposity is associated with cytokines and decrease in lung function in women with persistent asthma.
Airway smooth muscle enlargement is associated with protease-activated receptor 2/ligand overexpression in patients with difficult-to-control severe asthma.
Longitudinal study of maternal body mass index, gestational weight gain, and offspring asthma.
Prenatal and postnatal stress and asthma in children: Temporal- and sex-specific associations.
Recurrent wheezing and asthma after bocavirus bronchiolitis.
Small airways dysfunction: the link between allergic rhinitis and allergic asthma.
Assessment of atrial fibrillation and ventricular arrhythmia risk in patients with asthma by P wave/corrected QT interval dispersion.
Associations of genetic determinants of serum vitamin B12 and folate concentrations with hay fever and asthma: a Mendelian randomization meta-analysis.
17q21 locus rs7216389 polymorphism and childhood asthma risk: a meta-analysis.
Long-term Efficacy and Safety of Mepolizumab in Patients With Severe Eosinophilic Asthma: A Multi-center, Open-label, Phase IIIb Study.
Safety and efficacy of beclomethasone dipropionate delivered by breath-actuated or metered-dose inhaler for persistent asthma.
Assessment of asthma severity in adults with ever asthma: A continuous score.
The contribution of an asthma diagnostic consultation service in obtaining an accurate asthma diagnosis for primary care patients: results of a real-life study.
Relationship between knowledge and quality of asthma care among physicians in South-West Nigeria.
Airway Microbial Diversity is Inversely Associated with Mite-Sensitized Rhinitis and Asthma in Early Childhood.
Beta-agonist overuse and delay in obtaining medical review in high risk asthma: a secondary analysis of data from a randomised controlled trial.
Metabolic profiling of asthma in mice and the interventional effects of SPA using liquid chromatography and Q-TOF mass spectrometry.
Differences between asthma-COPD overlap syndrome and adult-onset asthma.
Asthma and smoking-induced airway disease without spirometric COPD.
A meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies of asthma in Puerto Ricans.
Effect of an Outpatient Pulmonary Rehabilitation Program on Exercise Tolerance and Asthma Control in Obese Asthma Patients.
Reslizumab in Eosinophilic Asthma: A Review.
Assessing Patient and Provider Perceptions of Factors Associated with Patient Engagement in Asthma Care.
A Severe Asthma Disease Signature from Gene Expression Profiling of Peripheral Blood from U-BIOPRED Cohorts.
Peripheral whole blood lncRNA expression analysis in patients with eosinophilic asthma.
Biologic Therapy and Asthma.
Acid-Suppressive Drug Use During Pregnancy and the Risk of Childhood Asthma: A Meta-analysis.
Anticholinergics for asthma: a long history.
Mepolizumab for Treating Severe Eosinophilic Asthma: An Evidence Review Group Perspective of a NICE Single Technology Appraisal.
Curcuma longa L. ameliorates asthma control in children and adolescents: A randomized, double-blind, controlled trial.
The effects of neutralizing anti-murine interleukin-17A monoclonal antibody on ozone-induced inflammation and glucocorticoids insensitivity in a murine model of asthma.
The use of a work-related asthma screening questionnaire in a primary care asthma program: an intervention trial.
Azithromycin augments rhinovirus-induced IFNβ via cytosolic MDA5 in experimental models of asthma exacerbation.
T1 polymorphism in a disintegrin and metalloproteinase 33 (ADAM33) gene may contribute to the risk of childhood asthma in Asians.
Therapeutic efficacy of a co-blockade of IL-13 and IL-25 on airway inflammation and remodeling in a mouse model of asthma.
Anti-asthmatic activity of osthole in an ovalbumin-induced asthma murine model.
Correlated gamma-based hidden Markov model for the smart asthma management based on rescue inhaler usage.
An early innate response underlies severe influenza-induced exacerbations of asthma in a novel steroid-insensitive and anti-IL-5-responsive mouse model.
The impact of asthma in Brazil: a longitudinal analysis of data from a Brazilian national database system.
Oral Corticosteroid Prescribing for Children With Asthma in a Medicaid Managed Care Program.
Re-examining the association between residential exposure to magnetic fields from power lines and childhood asthma in the Danish National Birth Cohort.
KIT Inhibition by Imatinib in Patients with Severe Refractory Asthma.
Peak flow meter with a questionnaire and mini-spirometer to help detect asthma and COPD in real-life clinical practice: a cross-sectional study.
Vitamin D levels and susceptibility to asthma, elevated immunoglobulin E levels, and atopic dermatitis: A Mendelian randomization study.
Prevalence and determinants of asthma in adults in Kinshasa.
Asthma in reproductive-aged women with polycystic ovary syndrome and association with obesity.
Effect of Relocation to the U.S. on Asthma Risk Among Hispanics.
Bacteria isolated from lung modulate asthma susceptibility in mice.
Chemoattractant receptor-homologous molecule expressed on Th2 cells (CRTH2) antagonists in asthma: a systematic review and meta-analysis protocol.
The 100 most influential publications in asthma from 1960 to 2017: A bibliometric analysis.
Emotional distress in family caregivers of adolescents with bronchial asthma: analysis of its predictors.
Safety of humanized monoclonal antibodies against IL-5 in asthma: focus on reslizumab.
Investigating the causal effect of smoking on hay fever and asthma: a Mendelian randomization meta-analysis in the CARTA consortium.
Influence of chronic azithromycin treatment on the composition of the oropharyngeal microbial community in patients with severe asthma.
Asthma pathogenesis, diagnosis, and management in the elderly.
TSLP signaling blocking alleviates E-cadherin dysfunction of airway epithelium in a HDM-induced asthma model.
Exercise-induced dehydration alters pulmonary function but does not modify airway responsiveness to dry air in athletes with mild asthma.
The burden of nonadherence among adults with asthma: a role for shared decision-making.
The use of electronic alerts in primary care computer systems to identify the excessive prescription of short-acting beta<sub>2</sub>-agonists for people with asthma: a systematic review.
Role of NKp46<sup>+</sup> natural killer cells in house dust mite-driven asthma.
Repeated doses of salbutamol and aeroallergen sensitisation both increased salbutamol-induced hypoxia in children and adolescents with acute asthma.
3-(Bromomethyl)-2-chloro-4-(methylsulfonyl)- benzoic acid: a new cause of sensitiser induced occupational asthma, rhinitis and urticaria.
Folic Acid in Pregnancy and Childhood Asthma: A US Cohort.
T Cells in Allergic Asthma: Key Players Beyond the Th2 Pathway.
Toll-like receptor-induced expression of epithelial cytokine receptors on haemopoietic progenitors is altered in allergic asthma.
[A CASE OF CHILDHOOD-ONSET EOSINOPHILIC GRANULOMATOUS POLYANGIITIS WITH ASYMPTOMATIC MYOCARDIAL INVOLVEMENT WHO WAS DIAGNOSED AT MORE THAN 5 YEARS AFTER ONSET OF ATOPIC DERMATITIS AND BRONCHIAL ASTHMA].
Asthma-Alleviating Potential of 6-Gingerol: Effect on Cytokines, Related mRNA and c-Myc, and NFAT1 Expression in Ovalbumin-Sensitized Asthma in Rats.
SPECT Ventilation Imaging in Asthma.
Fluticasone propionate in clinically suspected asthma patients with negative methacholine challenge test.
Randomized Clinical Trial Comparing Breath-Enhanced to Conventional Nebulizers in the Treatment of Children with Acute Asthma.
Thunderstorm Asthma: A Critical Appraisal Based on Clinical Practice.
Guidance on the diagnosis and management of asthma among adults in resource limited settings.
Distinct Phenotypes of Cigarette Smokers Identified by Cluster Analysis of Patients with Severe Asthma.
Genetic Variation along the Histamine Pathway in Children with Allergic versus Nonallergic Asthma.
Asthma control and severe exacerbations in patients with moderate or severe asthma in Jilin Province, China: a multicenter cross-sectional survey.
Current asthma contributes as much as smoking to chronic bronchitis in middle age: a prospective population-based study.
The epidemiologic characteristics of healthcare provider-diagnosed eczema, asthma, allergic rhinitis, and food allergy in children: a retrospective cohort study.
Acetaminophen versus Ibuprofen in Young Children with Mild Persistent Asthma.
[Asthma-COPD overlap syndrome].
Determinants of patients' needs in asthma treatment: a cross-sectional study.
Evaluation of the association between sensitization to common inhalant fungi and poor asthma control.
Characterization of asthma endotypes: implications for therapy.
A 12-year prognosis of adult-onset asthma: Seinäjoki Adult Asthma Study.
The barriers to accessing primary care resulting in hospital presentation for exacerbation of asthma or chronic obstructive pulmonary disease in a large teaching hospital in London.
Can bronchial asthma with an highly prevalent airway (and systemic) vagal tone be considered an independent asthma phenotype? Possible role of anticholinergics.
Comparison of endobronchial ultrasound and high resolution computed tomography as tools for airway wall imaging in asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
A passenger strand variant in miR-196a2 contributes to asthma severity in children and adolescents: A preliminary study.
Traditional Therapies for Severe Asthma.
Eosinophilic Endotype of Asthma.
Imaging of Asthma.
Role of Small Airways in Asthma.
Racial differences in pet ownership in families of children with asthma.
Allergen specific sublingual immunotherapy in children with asthma and allergic rhinitis.
Obesity-related asthma in adults.
Inflammatory markers as exacerbation risk factors after asthma therapy switch from inhaled steroids to montelukast.
How to manage a child with difficult asthma?
Mometasone furoate nasal spray for the treatment of asthma.
A Recombinant DNA Plasmid Encoding the sIL-4R-NAP Fusion Protein Suppress Airway Inflammation in an OVA-Induced Mouse Model of Asthma.
Imperatorin exerts antiallergic effects in Th2-mediated allergic asthma via induction of IL-10-producing regulatory T cells by modulating the function of dendritic cells.
Pheretima aspergillum decoction suppresses inflammation and relieves asthma in a mouse model of bronchial asthma by NF-κB inhibition.
Physical Activity in School-Aged Children with Asthma in an Urban City of Taiwan.
Phosphodiesterase 4 Inhibitors Attenuate the Asthma Phenotype Produced by β2-Adrenoceptor Agonists in Phenylethanolamine N-Methyltransferase-Knockout Mice.
Attentional bias to respiratory- and anxiety-related threat in children with asthma.
IL4 (interleukin 4) induces autophagy in B cells leading to exacerbated asthma.
Pro and Anti-inflammatory Cytokine Production in CD4+ T Lymphocytes in Children with Asthma and Allergic Rhinitis Exposed to the Monocyte Locomotion Inhibitory Factor (MLIF).
New Insights Into the Relationship Between Chitinase-3-Like-1 and Asthma.
A review of prednisolone prescribing for children with acute asthma in the UK.
Associations of Toll-like receptor 7 and 8 Polymorphisms with Asthma and Asthma-related Phenotypes in a Chinese Han Population.
Quality of Life and Asthma Symptom Control: Room for Improvement in Care and Measurement.
The role of CRAC channel in asthma.
Comparative Effectiveness on Cognitive Asthma Outcomes of the SHARP Academic Asthma Health Education and Counseling Program and a Non-Academic Program.
Brain-Derived Neurotrophic Factor Expression in Asthma. Association with Severity and Type 2 Inflammatory Processes.
The impact of comorbidities on productivity loss in asthma patients.
Late-Onset Asthma Predicts Cardiovascular Disease Events: The Wisconsin Sleep Cohort.
Advances in asthma 2015: Across the lifespan.
Women using bleach for home cleaning are at increased risk of non-allergic asthma.
Profile of difficult to treat asthma patients referred for systematic assessment.
Stepping down from combination asthma therapy: The predictors of outcome.
Severe and Moderate Asthma Exacerbations in Asthmatic Children and Exposure to Ambient Air Pollutants.
Adiposity influences airway wall thickness and the asthma phenotype of HIV-associated obstructive lung disease: a cross-sectional study.
Neutrophilic and Pauci-immune Phenotypes in Severe Asthma.
Biomarkers in Severe Asthma.
Role of Sleep Apnea and Gastroesophageal Reflux in Severe Asthma.
Objective measurement of frequency and pattern of nocturnal cough in children with asthma exacerbation.
Efficacy and safety of SQ house dust mite (HDM) SLIT-tablet treatment of HDM allergic asthma.
Effects of Triple P parenting intervention on child health outcomes for childhood asthma and eczema: Randomised controlled trial.
Asthma in pregnancy: association between the Asthma Control Test and the Global Initiative for Asthma classification and comparisons with spirometry.
Fluticasone furoate and vilanterol trifenatate combination therapy for the treatment of asthma.
The safety of monoclonal antibodies in asthma.
Weight Loss Decreases Inherent and Allergic Methacholine Hyperresponsiveness in Mouse Models of Diet-Induced Obese Asthma.
Periostin as a biomarker for the diagnosis of pediatric asthma.
Dietary n-3 long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids in allergy prevention and asthma treatment.
Development of a nomogram to estimate the quality of life in asthmatic children using the Childhood Asthma Control Test.
Preterm birth and air pollution: Critical windows of exposure for women with asthma.
Symptom-trigger factors other than allergens in asthma and allergy.
The impact of food allergens on airway responsiveness in schoolchildren with asthma: A DBPCFC study.
ASSOCIATION BETWEEN FRACTION OF EXHALED NITRIC OXIDE AND SPIROMETRY DATA AND CLINICAL CONTROL OF ASTHMA IN CHILDREN AND ADOLESCENTS.
Review article: gastro-oesophageal reflux disease in asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Airway remodeling in asthma: update on mechanisms and therapeutic approaches.
[Occupational characteristics of 318 cases diagnosed as occupational asthma].
Impact of omalizumab on treatment of severe allergic asthma in UK clinical practice: a UK multicentre observational study (the APEX II study).
Pediatric acute asthma exacerbations: Evaluation and management from emergency department to intensive care unit.
Long-Term Fluticasone Propionate/Formoterol Fumarate Combination Therapy Is Associated with a Low Incidence of Severe Asthma Exacerbations.
Acceptability and feasibility of the 'DASH for Asthma' intervention in a randomized controlled trial pilot study.
Asthma associated to rhinitis.
The Role of Interleukin-33 in Pathogenesis of Bronchial Asthma. New Experimental Data.
Proximity to two main sources of industrial outdoor air pollution and emergency department visits for childhood asthma in Edmonton, Canada.
Tobacco Control Laws and Pediatric Asthma.
Effect of an Intervention to Promote Breastfeeding on Asthma, Lung Function, and Atopic Eczema at Age 16 Years: Follow-up of the PROBIT Randomized Trial.
Reliability of the Shuttle Walk Test With Controlled Incremental Velocity in Patients With Difficult-to-Control Asthma.
The cost of treating severe refractory asthma in the UK: an economic analysis from the British Thoracic Society Difficult Asthma Registry.
Asthma during Pregnancy: Exacerbations, Management, and Health Outcomes for Mother and Infant.
The Breathmobile improves the asthma medication ratio and decreases emergency department utilization.
Sex discordance in asthma and wheeze prevalence in two longitudinal cohorts.
High probability of comorbidities in bronchial asthma in Germany.
Network-assisted analysis of GWAS data identifies a functionally-relevant gene module for childhood-onset asthma.
Interventions to improve adherence to inhaled steroids for asthma.
Interleukin-5 Inhibitors for Severe Asthma: Rationale and Future Outlook.
Allergic asthma: an overview of metabolomic strategies leading to the identification of biomarkers in the field.
Update on asthma and cleaning agents.
Disease Burden of Patients with Asthma/COPD Overlap in a US Claims Database: Impact of ICD-9 Coding-based Definitions.
The effect of obesity, weight gain, and weight loss on asthma inception and control.
Perceived Discrimination Associated With Asthma and Related Outcomes in Minority Youth: The GALA II and SAGE II Studies.
[Senescence of the immune system and alterations related with asthma].
Diisononyl phthalate induces asthma via modulation of Th1/Th2 equilibrium.
Acupuncture in Patients with Allergic Asthma: A Randomized Pragmatic Trial.
miR-155 contributes to Df1-induced asthma by increasing the proliferative response of Th cells via CTLA-4 downregulation.
Activin A and follistatin in patients with asthma. Does severity make the difference?
Simvastatin alleviates airway inflammation and remodelling through up-regulation of autophagy in mouse models of asthma.
Trajectory of spirometric and exhaled nitric oxide measurements in Chinese schoolchildren with asthma.
Short-term respiratory effects of e-cigarettes in healthy individuals and smokers with asthma.
The development and test re-test reliability of a work-related asthma screening questionnaire.
Asthma-COPD overlap syndrome (ACOS) in primary care of four Latin America countries: the PUMA study.
Lay-led and peer support interventions for adolescents with asthma.
Interaction effects of polyfluoroalkyl substances and sex steroid hormones on asthma among children.
[Application of pulmonary function and fractional exhaled nitric oxide tests in the standardized management of bronchial asthma in children].
Asthma education for school staff.
Bitter Taste Receptor Agonists Mitigate Features of Allergic Asthma in Mice.
[Estrogen shortens the latent period of inducing asthma and promotes airway inflammation].
Personalised asthma action plans for adults with asthma.
Associations Among Behavioral Sleep Disturbance, Family Functioning, and Controller Medication Adherence in Children with Asthma.
Difficult Family Relationships, Residential Greenspace, and Childhood Asthma.
A CEACAM6-High Airway Neutrophil Phenotype and CEACAM6-High Epithelial Cells Are Features of Severe Asthma.
IL33 and IL1RL1 variants are associated with asthma and atopy in a Brazilian population.
Association of Blood Eosinophil and Blood Neutrophil Counts with Asthma Exacerbations in the Copenhagen General Population Study.
Building school health partnerships to improve pediatric asthma care: the School-based Asthma Management Program.
Asthma guidelines: the Global Initiative for Asthma in relation to national guidelines.
Ribosomal protein S3 gene silencing protects against experimental allergic asthma.
Microbes, allergic sensitization, and the natural history of asthma.
Eosinophilic and Neutrophilic Airway Inflammation in the Phenotyping of Mild-to-Moderate Asthma and Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease.
Treatment Adherence in Young Children with Asthma.
[Clinical therapeutic effect on bronchial asthma in children of different body constitutions treated with <i>sanfu pingchuan</i> plaster and <i>sanjiu zhichuan</i> plaster].
Development of eosinophilic inflammation is independent of B-T cell interaction in a chronic house dust mite-driven asthma model.
Meta-analysis of asthma-related hospitalization in mepolizumab studies of severe eosinophilic asthma.
Clinical outcomes of levalbuterol versus racemic albuterol in pediatric patients with asthma: Propensity score matching approach in a medicaid population.
Polymorphic Variants 279R and 668Q Augment Activity of Matrix Metalloproteinase-9 in Breath Condensates of Children with Asthma.
Benralizumab in the treatment of severe asthma: design, development and potential place in therapy.
A shift in the IL-6/STAT3 signalling pathway imbalance towards the SHP2 pathway in severe asthma results in reduced proliferation process.
Validity of a Chinese version of the Mini Asthma Quality of Life Questionnaire (MiniAQLQ) and a comparison of completion by patients and relatives.
Inhalation of the prodrug PI3K inhibitor CL27c improves lung function in asthma and fibrosis.
Knemometry Assessment of Short-term Growth in Children With Asthma Receiving Fluticasone Furoate for 2 Weeks: A Randomized, Placebo-controlled, Crossover Trial.
[Risk Factors of Asthma Attack in An Open Cohort].
Association between early history of asthma and COPD diagnosis in later life: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Validity of fractional exhaled nitric oxide and small airway function indices in diagnosis of cough-variant asthma.
Cost-Utility Analysis of Long-Acting Beta Agonists versus Leukotriene Receptor Antagonists in Older Adults with Persistent Asthma Receiving Concomitant Inhaled Corticosteroid Therapy.
Value of peripheral blood eosinophil markers to predict severity of asthma.
A systematic review of the relationship between asthma, overweight, and the effects of physical activity in youth.
The economic burden of asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and the impact of poor inhalation technique with commonly prescribed dry powder inhalers in three European countries.
Obesity-asthma phenotype: Effect of weight gain on asthma control in adults.
Clinical and health promotion asthma management: an intervention for children and adolescents.
Genome-wide search identifies a gene-gene interaction between 20p13 and 2q14 in asthma.
Comorbidities of asthma in U.S. children.
The prevalence of small airways disease in adult asthma: A systematic literature review.
Daily life negative mood and exhaled nitric oxide in asthma.
Plasma interleukin-6 concentrations, metabolic dysfunction, and asthma severity: a cross-sectional analysis of two cohorts.
Efficacy and Safety of Salmeterol/fluticasone Combination Therapy in Infants and Preschool Children with Asthma Insufficiently Controlled by Inhaled Corticosteroids.
Sensitization to mouse and cockroach allergens and asthma morbidity in urban minority youth: Genes-environments and Admixture in Latino American (GALA-II) and Study of African-Americans, Asthma, Genes, and Environments (SAGE-II).
Assessing the association of obesity and asthma morbidity in older adults.
Effects of temperature variation between neighbouring days on daily hospital visits for childhood asthma: a time-series analysis.
House dust mite-induced asthma causes oxidative damage and DNA double-strand breaks in the lungs.
Optimal step-down approach for pediatric asthma controlled by salmeterol/fluticasone: A randomized, controlled trial (OSCAR study).
Novel genetic risk factors for asthma in African American children: Precision Medicine and the SAGE II Study.
A semisynthetic diterpenoid lactone inhibits NF-κB signalling to ameliorate inflammation and airway hyperresponsiveness in a mouse asthma model.
Health surveillance for occupational asthma in the UK.
Associations of serum perfluoroalkyl acid levels with T-helper cell-specific cytokines in children: By gender and asthma status.
Improving Quality of Acute Asthma Care in US Hospitals: Changes Between 1999-2000 and 2012-2013.
Assessment of Consistency of Fixed Airflow Obstruction Status during Budesonide/Formoterol Treatment and Its Effects on Treatment Outcomes in Patients with Asthma.
Telehealth to improve asthma control in pregnancy: A randomized controlled trial.
Individualized Household Allergen Intervention Lowers Allergen Level But Not Asthma Medication Use: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
Short-term exposure to air pollution and morbidity of COPD and asthma in East Asian area: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Challenges in the pharmacological treatment of geriatric asthma.
Type 2 innate lymphoid cells: at the cross-roads in allergic asthma.
Roflumilast combined with montelukast versus montelukast alone as add-on treatment in patients with moderate-to-severe asthma.
Multidimensional endotyping in patients with severe asthma reveals inflammatory heterogeneity in matrix metalloproteinases and chitinase 3-like protein 1.
Persistently high exhaled nitric oxide and loss of lung function in controlled asthma.
Right middle lobe atelectasis in children with asthma and prognostic factors.
Knowledge of asthma in school teachers in nine Spanish cities.
Effects of secondhand smoke exposure on asthma morbidity and health care utilization in children: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Screening Serum Differential Proteins for Childhood Asthma at Different Control Levels by Isobaric Tags for Relative and Absolute Quantification-based Proteomic Technology.
Time to Asthma-Related Readmission in Children Admitted to the ICU for Asthma.
Comparable Function of γ-Tocopherols in Asthma Remission by Affecting Eotaxin and IL-4.
[Clinical experience with omalizumab in patients with severe asthma. Real-world data].
Near fatal asthma: treatment and prevention.
Temporal and Spatial Trends in Childhood Asthma-Related Hospitalizations in Belo Horizonte, Minas Gerais, Brazil and Their Association with Social Vulnerability.
Burden of asthma with elevated blood eosinophil levels.
Smoking status and smoking cessation intervention among U.S. adults hospitalized for asthma exacerbation.
Influence of cigarette smoking on airway inflammation and inhaled corticosteroid treatment in patients with asthma.
Association of obesity and severity of acute asthma exacerbations in Filipino children.
Identifying a biomarker network for corticosteroid resistance in asthma from bronchoalveolar lavage samples.
Olodaterol for the treatment of asthma.
Medical and Social Determinants of Health Associated with Intensive Care Admission for Asthma in Children.
Intrasubject Variability in Total IgE Levels in Patients with Moderate to Severe Persistent Allergic Asthma Over 1 Year.
Relationship between periodontal disease and asthma among overweight/obese adults.
Asthma is associated with enhanced thrombin formation and impaired fibrinolysis.
Majority of never-smokers with airflow limitation do not have asthma: the Copenhagen General Population Study.
Mouth breathing, another risk factor for asthma: the Nagahama Study.
Sputum interleukin-13 as a biomarker for the evaluation of asthma control.
Identification of STOML2 as a putative novel asthma risk gene associated with IL6R.
Improved control of childhood asthma with low-dose, short-term vitamin D supplementation: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
Disparities in Mortality and Morbidity in Pediatric Asthma Hospitalizations, 2007 to 2011.
Looking beyond patients: Can parents' quality of life predict asthma control in children?
Tiotropium may improve asthma symptoms and lung function in asthmatic patients with irreversible airway obstruction: the real-life data.
Old dilemma: asthma with irreversible airway obstruction or COPD.
Effect of pregnancy in asthma on health care use and perinatal outcomes.
[Rhabdomyolysis in patients treated by corticosteroids for acute asthma in intensive care unit].
Vitamin D intervention in preschoolers with viral-induced asthma (DIVA): a pilot randomised controlled trial.
Interleukin-13 +2044 G/A and +1923C/T polymorphisms are associated with asthma susceptibility in Asians: A meta-analysis.
GLCCI1 rs37973: A potential genetic predictor of therapeutic response to inhaled corticosteroids in Chinese asthma patients.
Land cover and air pollution are associated with asthma hospitalisations: A cross-sectional study.
[Comparison of functional parameters of small airways between patients with typical asthma and cough-variant asthma].
Association of respiratory symptoms and asthma with occupational exposures: findings from a population-based cross-sectional survey in Telemark, Norway.
Follow-up of patients with uncontrolled asthma: clinical features of asthma patients according to the level of control achieved (the COAS study).
[Metabonomics of Syndrome Markers in Infantile Bronchial Asthma Episode].
An Evaluation of a State-Funded Healthy Homes Intervention on Asthma Outcomes in Adults and Children.
Sphingolipids, ORMDL3 and asthma: what is the evidence?
House Dust Endotoxin Levels Are Associated with Adult Asthma in a U.S. Farming Population.
Asthma transition from childhood into adulthood.
National standards for asthma self-management education.
Contribution of lung function tests to the staging of severe equine asthma syndrome in the field.
Impact of an increase in the inhaled corticosteroid dose on blood eosinophils in asthma.
The Medicinal Mushroom, Grifola gargal, Ameliorates Allergic Bronchial Asthma.
Fixed versus variable practice for teaching medical students the management of pediatric asthma exacerbations using simulation.
Drug repurposing to treat asthma and allergic disorders: Progress and prospects.
The need for precision medicine clinical trials in childhood asthma: rationale and design of the PUFFIN trial.
Estimation of Serum YKL-40 by Real-Time Surface Plasmon Resonance Technology in North-Indian Asthma Patients.
Metabolomics analysis identifies different metabotypes of asthma severity.
Asthma, corticosteroid use and schizophrenia: A nationwide population-based study in Taiwan.
IL-23 Gene and Protein Expression in Childhood Asthma.
Designing a physical activity intervention for children with asthma: a qualitative study of the views of healthcare professionals, parents and children with asthma.
Associations of IL-4, IL-6, and IL-12 levels in peripheral blood with lung function, cellular immune function, and quality of life in children with moderate-to-severe asthma.
Concurrent physician-diagnosed asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: A population study of prevalence, incidence and mortality.
Addition of anti-leukotriene agents to inhaled corticosteroids for adults and adolescents with persistent asthma.
Interventions to improve inhaler technique for people with asthma.
The impact of poor asthma control among asthma patients treated with inhaled corticosteroids plus long-acting β<sub>2</sub>-agonists in the United Kingdom: a cross-sectional analysis.
Effect of an Integrated Pest Management Intervention on Asthma Symptoms Among Mouse-Sensitized Children and Adolescents With Asthma: A Randomized Clinical Trial.
The interaction between farming/rural environment and TLR2, TLR4, TLR6 and CD14 genetic polymorphisms in relation to early- and late-onset asthma.
Late-Onset Asthma: A Diagnostic and Management Challenge.
A Cost-Benefit Analysis of a State-Funded Healthy Homes Program for Residents With Asthma: Findings From the New York State Healthy Neighborhoods Program.
Can exhaled volatile organic compounds predict asthma exacerbations in children?
Meteorological parameters and pollutants on asthma exacerbation in Bangalore, India - an ecological retrospective time-series study.
Efficacy of nasal mometasone for the treatment of chronic sinonasal disease in patients with inadequately controlled asthma.
Rs37972 and rs37973 single-nucleotide polymorphisms in the glucocorticoid-inducible 1 gene are not associated with asthma risk in a Saudi Arabian population.
[A retrospective study of the treatment of patients hospitalized for asthma exacerbation in China].
Maternal hemoglobin and hematocrit levels during pregnancy and childhood lung function and asthma. The Generation R Study.
Biologic treatment eligibility for real-world patients with severe asthma: The IDEAL study.
The role of oral methotrexate as a steroid sparing agent in refractory eosinophilic asthma.
Rising utilization of inpatient pediatric asthma pathways.
Effectiveness of written action plans for acute asthma: A systematic review.
Efficacy of long-term omalizumab therapy in patients with severe asthma.
A randomized study of BI 671800, a CRTH2 antagonist, as add-on therapy in poorly controlled asthma.
Treatment Patterns in Asthma- Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease Overlap Syndrome.
The Impact of Different Case Ascertainment Definitions on the Prevalence of Major Congenital Malformations and their Association with Asthma During Pregnancy.
Healthcare costs of asthma comorbidities: a systematic review protocol.
Correlations of Inflammatory Factors with Intestinal Flora and Gastrointestinal Incommensurate Symptoms in Children with Asthma.
OnPLS-Based Multi-Block Data Integration: A Multivariate Approach to Interrogating Biological Interactions in Asthma.
Leveraging electronic health records to assess the role of ADRB2 single nucleotide polymorphisms in predicting exacerbation frequency in asthma patients.
Correlation Between Fractional Exhaled Nitric Oxide Levels and Efficacy of Inhaled Corticosteroids in Children With Bronchial Asthma.
In utero exposure to 25-hydroxyvitamin D and risk of childhood asthma, wheeze, and respiratory tract infections: A meta-analysis of birth cohort studies.
Impact of allergen immunotherapy in allergic asthma.
Inhaled Corticosteroids in Asthma: Promoting or Protecting Against Atherosclerosis?
Of pleiotropy and trajectories: Does the TGF-β pathway link childhood asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease?
The asthma-COPD overlap syndrome: do we really need another syndrome in the already complex matrix of airway disease?
Association between Health Care Utilization with Asthma Control Levels among a Sample of Adult Patients in Puerto Rico.
Depression or anxiety in adult twins is associated with asthma diagnosis but not with offspring asthma.
Presence of rhinovirus in the respiratory tract of adolescents and young adults with asthma without symptoms of infection.
Polymorphisms and haplotypes of the chromosome locus 17q12-17q21.1 contribute to adult asthma susceptibility in Slovenian patients.
Asthma-COPD Overlap Syndrome (ACOS): Single disease entity or not? Could exhaled nitric oxide be a useful biomarker for the differentiation of ACOS, asthma and COPD?
Elevated levels of circulating CD4(+) CRTh2(+) T cells characterize severe asthma.
Objective Cough Frequency, Airway Inflammation, and Disease Control in Asthma.
Gun Violence, African Ancestry, and Asthma: A Case-Control Study in Puerto Rican Children.
NADPH Oxidase-4 Overexpression Is Associated With Epithelial Ciliary Dysfunction in Neutrophilic Asthma.
ω-3 fatty acids contribute to the asthma-protective effect of unprocessed cow's milk.
Burden of asthma among inner-city children from Southern Brazil.
Prothrombotic state in patients with severe and prednisolone-dependent asthma.
Mediators of Treatment Effects in a Randomized Clinical Trial of Multisystemic Therapy-Health Care in Adolescents With Poorly Controlled Asthma: Disease Knowledge and Device Use Skills.
Vitamin A maintains the airway epithelium in a murine model of asthma by suppressing glucocorticoid-induced leucine zipper.
Microbial secondary metabolites in homes in association with moisture damage and asthma.
Associated Markers for Adult-onset Allergic Asthma.
Childhood Asthma Management and Environmental Triggers.
The association between seasonal asthma exacerbations and viral respiratory infections in a pediatric population receiving inhaled corticosteroid therapy with or without long-acting beta-adrenoceptor agonist: a randomized study.
Ambient PM2.5 exposure exacerbates severity of allergic asthma in previously sensitized mice.
A potential immunopathogenic role for reduced IL-35 expression in allergic asthma.
Evaluation of inhaler technique, adherence to therapy and their effect on disease control among children with asthma using metered dose or dry powder inhalers.
International Variation in Asthma and Bronchiolitis Guidelines.
Knowledge and use of asthma control measurement tools in the management of asthma: a survey of doctors working in family and internal medicine practice in Nigeria.
Reslizumab: Maintenance treatment for eosinophilic asthma inadequately controlled on corticosteroids.
Health Service Utilization and Poor Health Reporting in Asthma Patients.
Adoption of a Portal for the Primary Care Management of Pediatric Asthma: A Mixed-Methods Implementation Study.
[Physical exercise and bronchial asthma].
Humoral immune factors and asthma among American Indian children: a case-control study.
Enuresis Nocturna in children with asthma: prevalence and associated risk factors.
Association of wider neck circumference and asthma in obese children.
Mouse Models of Asthma.
Advances in the treatment of virus-induced asthma.
Mepolizumab for the reduction of exacerbations in severe eosinophilic asthma.
Titanium dioxide nanoparticles augment allergic airway inflammation and Socs3 expression via NF-κB pathway in murine model of asthma.
Asthma as a Comorbidity in Hospitalized Patients: A Potential Missed Opportunity to Intervene.
The anti-inflammatory and pro-resolution effects of aspirin-triggered RvD1 (AT-RvD1) on peripheral blood mononuclear cells from patients with severe asthma.
Upregulated thymic stromal lymphopoietin receptor expression in children with asthma.
Characteristics and Prevalence of Asthma/Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease Overlap in the United States.
Airway lipoxin A4/formyl peptide receptor 2-lipoxin receptor levels in pediatric patients with severe asthma.
Novel approaches to the management of noneosinophilic asthma.
The Digital Asthma Patient: The History and Future of Inhaler Based Health Monitoring Devices.
Asthma and atopic dermatitis in children born moderately and late preterm.
Relationships between adult asthma and oxidative stress markers and pH in exhaled breath condensate: a systematic review.
Reported associations between asthma and acute lymphoblastic leukemia: insights from a hybrid simulation study.
Asthma and overweight/obese: double trouble for urban children.
Occupational agriculture organic dust exposure and its relationship to asthma and airway inflammation in adults.
A population-based study investigating chronic rhinosinusitis and the incidence of asthma.
Relationship Between Obesity and Asthma Control in Children Aged 4-18 years.
Forced midexpiratory flow between 25% and 75% of forced vital capacity is associated with long-term persistence of asthma and poor asthma outcomes.
Enhancing Asthma Self-Management in Rural School-Aged Children: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
MicroRNA expression profiling in children with different asthma phenotypes.
Exposure to organophosphate and polybrominated diphenyl ether flame retardants via indoor dust and childhood asthma.
Does antibiotic treatment duration affect the outcomes of exacerbations of asthma and COPD? A systematic review.
New and future strategies to improve asthma control in children.
Screening high-risk children for asthma through a community intervention.
IL-10 and IL-17F Promoter Single Nucleotide Polymorphism and Asthma: A Case-Control Study in South India.
The adiponectin levels and asthma control in non-obese children with asthma.
Prevalence, risk factors and underdiagnosis of asthma and wheezing in adults 40 years and older: A population-based study.
Vanin-1 expression and methylation discriminate pediatric asthma corticosteroid treatment response.
A ubiquitous asthma monitoring framework based on ambient air pollutants and individuals' contexts.
Inhaled magnesium sulfate in the treatment of acute asthma.
The First 1000 Days of Life Factors Associated with "Childhood Asthma Symptoms": Brisa Cohort, Brazil.
Sex-specific impact of asthma during pregnancy on infant gut microbiota.
Effectiveness of fluticasone furoate plus vilanterol on asthma control in clinical practice: an open-label, parallel group, randomised controlled trial.
A new combination therapy for asthma using dual-function dexamethasone-conjugated polyethylenimine and vitamin D binding protein siRNA.
Impact of self-reported symptoms of allergic rhinitis and asthma on sleep disordered breathing and sleep disturbances in the elderly with polysomnography study.
Impact of nasal symptoms on the evaluation of asthma control.
Risk of pulmonary embolism and deep venous thrombosis in patients with asthma: a nationwide case-control study from Sweden.
Oral administration of Lactobacillus paracasei L9 attenuates PM2.5-induced enhancement of airway hyperresponsiveness and allergic airway response in murine model of asthma.
Impact of chronic rhinosinusitis on severe asthma patients.
Corticosteroids inhibit anti-IgE activities of specialized proresolving mediators on B cells from asthma patients.
Stepping down the dose of inhaled corticosteroids for adults with asthma.
Near-fatal asthma: a heterogeneous clinical entity.
Asthma-chronic obstructive pulmonary disease overlap syndrome: a controversial concept.
[Biologicals - advance in care of patients with severe bronchial asthma].
Evaluating the Risk of Epidemic Thunderstorm Asthma: Lessons from Australia.
Day-care center attendance and risk of Asthma-A systematic review.
Fluticasone furoate/vilanterol 92/22 µg once a day: a 12-month study on outcomes in mild to moderate asthma.
What is the role of bronchial thermoplasty in the management of severe asthma?
Mouse Models of Asthma.
Efficacy and side effects of intravenous theophylline in acute asthma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Modeling Unobserved Heterogeneity in Susceptibility to Ambient Benzo[a]pyrene Concentration among Children with Allergic Asthma Using an Unsupervised Learning Algorithm.
A novel herbal composition containing extracts of Boswellia serrata gum resin and Aegle marmelos fruit alleviates symptoms of asthma in a placebo controlled double-blind clinical study.
Impurity Profile of Bronchodilators used in Asthma: A Critical Review.
Comparative effectiveness of mepolizumab and omalizumab in severe asthma: An indirect treatment comparison.
Catalpol alleviates ovalbumin-induced asthma in mice: Reduced eosinophil infiltration in the lung.
Asthma Metabolomics and the Potential for Integrative Omics in Research and the Clinic.
IFN-γ Blocks Development of an Asthma Phenotype in Rhinovirus-Infected Baby Mice by Inhibiting Type 2 Innate Lymphoid Cells.
Investigation of anti-asthmatic potential of Kanakasava in ovalbumin-induced bronchial asthma and airway inflammation in rats.
Clinical updates on the management of asthma.
Community-based asthma education.
Exacerbation of asthma among adults in relation to the home environment in multi-family buildings in Sweden.
Asthma-COPD overlap syndrome in the US: a prospective population-based analysis of patient-reported outcomes and health care utilization.
Allergic rhinitis, atopic dermatitis, and asthma are associated with differences in school performance among Korean adolescents.
Effect of novel inhaler technique reminder labels on the retention of inhaler technique skills in asthma: a single-blind randomized controlled trial.
Impact of online patient reminders to improve asthma care: A randomized controlled trial.
Prospective study of insomnia and incident asthma in adults: the HUNT study.
[The effect of Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus group 2 allergen T cell fusion epitope on STAT6 signaling in mice with asthma].
IgE and eosinophils as therapeutic targets in asthma.
Intranasal Curcumin Inhibits Pulmonary Fibrosis by Modulating Matrix Metalloproteinase-9 (MMP-9) in Ovalbumin-Induced Chronic Asthma.
Polyps, asthma, and allergy: what's new.
Infant lung function predicts asthma persistence and remission in young adults.
Pesticide use, allergic rhinitis, and asthma among US farm operators.
Ameliorating effects of Nigella sativa oil on aggravation of inflammation, oxidative stress and cytotoxicity induced by smokeless tobacco extract in an allergic asthma model in Wistar rats.
Geo-Distinctive Comorbidity Networks of Pediatric Asthma.
"Real-life" Efficacy and Safety Aspects of 4-Year Omalizumab Treatment for Asthma.
A rural environment does not protect against asthma or other allergic diseases amongst Mexican children.
Asthma COPD overlap: Impact of associated comorbidities.
The enigmatic role of the neutrophil in asthma: Friend, foe or indifferent?
Women's experiences of personalised support for asthma care during pregnancy: A systematic review of the literature.
Mitochondrial CaMKII inhibition in airway epithelium protects against allergic asthma.
[Efficacy of sublingual immunotherapy with Dermatophagoides farina drops in monosensitized and polysensitized children with allergic rhinitis and asthma].
An orally active geranyl acetophenone attenuates airway remodeling in a murine model of chronic asthma.
A standardized methanol extract of Eclipta prostrata (L.) L. (Asteraceae) reduces bronchial hyperresponsiveness and production of Th2 cytokines in a murine model of asthma.
Effect of polymorphisms on TGFB1 on allergic asthma and helminth infection in an African admixed population.
Pneumomediastinum, Tracheal Diverticulum, and Probable Asthma: Coincidence or Possible Association? A Case Report.
Sleeping position and reported night-time asthma symptoms and medication.
Air pollution is associated with primary health care visits for asthma in Sweden: A case-crossover design with a distributed lag non-linear model.
LINX®, a novel treatment for patients with refractory asthma complicated by gastroesophageal reflux disease: a case report.
Parental smoking and cessation during pregnancy and the risk of childhood asthma.
OC29 - Caregiver burden in childhood asthma.
CHI3L1 polymorphisms, cord blood YKL-40 levels and later asthma development.
Effectiveness of initiating extrafine-particle versus fine-particle inhaled corticosteroids as asthma therapy in the Netherlands.
Analysis of the fungal microbiome in exhaled breath condensate of patients with asthma.
Phenotyping of difficult asthma using longitudinal physiological and biomarker measurements reveals significant differences in stability between clusters.
Associations Between Asthma Control and Airway Obstruction and Performance of Activities of Daily Living in Older Adults with Asthma.
Child-parent shared decision making about asthma management.
Asthma inflammatory phenotypes show differential microRNA expression in sputum.
Removing asthma triggers and improving children's health: The Asthma Partnership Demonstration project.
Fractional exhaled nitric oxide levels as a predictor of long-term prognoses in patients with mild asthma.
Preschool-age wheezing phenotypes and asthma persistence in adolescents.
Association of T-regulatory cells and CD23/CD21 expression with vitamin D in children with asthma.
Lung Sound Analysis and Airway Inflammation in Bronchial Asthma.
Obesity risk class and asthma outpatient service utilization by the middle aged and elderly in Taiwan.
Targeted delivery of siRNA to activated T cells via transferrin-polyethylenimine (Tf-PEI) as a potential therapy of asthma.
Asthma Control and Airway Inflammation in Patients with Eosinophilic Granulomatosis with Polyangiitis.
The relationship between environmental relative moldiness index values and asthma.
Risk of exacerbations in COPD and asthma patients living in the neighbourhood of livestock farms: Observational study using longitudinal data.
Effect of intravenous magnesium sulfate on mortality in patients with severe acute asthma.
Assessment of asthma control using CARAT in patients with and without Allergic Rhinitis: A pilot study in primary care.
Age, sex and the association between skin test responses and IgE titres with asthma.
Asthma prevalence and risk factors in early childhood at Northern Portugal.
Effect of indoor air quality of day care centers in children with different predisposition for asthma.
Relationship between sputum clusterin levels and childhood asthma.
Exhaled nitric oxide in relation to asthma control: A real-life survey.
sRAGE alleviates neutrophilic asthma by blocking HMGB1/RAGE signalling in airway dendritic cells.
Traffic-related air pollution exposure over a 5-year period is associated with increased risk of asthma and poor lung function in middle age.
Airway Obstruction Worsens in Young Adults with Asthma Who Become Obese.
Hormonal contraceptives and asthma in women of reproductive age: analysis of data from serial national Scottish Health Surveys.
Taking Aim at Asthma Around the World: Global Results of the Asthma Insight and Management Survey in the Asia-Pacific Region, Latin America, Europe, Canada, and the United States.
Identification and characterization of near-fatal asthma phenotypes by cluster analysis.
Lipophilic Allergens, Different Modes of Allergen-Lipid Interaction and Their Impact on Asthma and Allergy.
Young children experience little emotional burden during invasive procedures in asthma research.
Comparison of Health Care Utilization and Costs for Patients with Asthma by Severity and Health Insurance in Thailand.
Fraction of exhaled nitric oxide measurements in the diagnoses of asthma in elderly patients.
Quantitative computed tomography measurements of emphysema for diagnosing asthma-chronic obstructive pulmonary disease overlap syndrome.
The Breathing for Life Trial: a randomised controlled trial of fractional exhaled nitric oxide (FENO)-based management of asthma during pregnancy and its impact on perinatal outcomes and infant and childhood respiratory health.
Association of airway wall thickness with serum periostin in steroid-naive asthma.
Asthma and risk of breakthrough varicella infection in children.
Comprehensive risk factors, asthma control, and life quality pathways in adults with asthma: A structural equation modeling analysis.
[Meta-analysis of the morbidity of asthma in children with allergic rhinitis].
Increased serum VDBP as a risk predictor for steroid resistance in asthma patients.
Decreased physical activity in adults with bronchial asthma.
Endotoxin exposure, serum vitamin D, asthma and wheeze outcomes.
Mechanisms of Asthma in Obesity. Pleiotropic Aspects of Obesity Produce Distinct Asthma Phenotypes.
Practice Variation in Management of Childhood Asthma Is Associated with Outcome Differences.
Large-scale profiling of signalling pathways reveals an asthma specific signature in bronchial smooth muscle cells.
Variant of PBX2 gene in the 6p21.3 asthma susceptibility locus is associated with allergic rhinitis in Chinese subjects.
Airway Surfactant Protein D Deficiency in Adults With Severe Asthma.
Gene expression profiling of asthma phenotypes demonstrates molecular signatures of atopy and asthma control.
Effectiveness of Population Health Management Using the Propeller Health Asthma Platform: A Randomized Clinical Trial.
Circulating fibrocytes correlate with the asthma control test score.
Asthma as a risk factor for zoster in adults: A population-based case-control study.
Foetal and infant growth patterns, airway resistance and school-age asthma.
Factors associated with quality of life in children with asthma living in Scotland.
'Real-life' effectiveness studies of omalizumab in adult patients with severe allergic asthma: systematic review.
Effect of roflumilast on airway remodelling in a murine model of chronic asthma.
Exacerbations of asthma during pregnancy: Impact on pregnancy complications and outcome.
[Severe uncontrolled asthma in patients over 75 years old: Treatment with omalizumab].
Histone deacetylase inhibitor regulates the balance of Th17/Treg in allergic asthma.
Asthma Phenotypes and Endotypes: Implications for Personalised Therapy.
Asthma Patient Education: Partnership in Care.
Evolving Concepts of Asthma.
Impact of Age and Sex on Response to Asthma Therapy.
Distinct endotypes of steroid-resistant asthma characterized by IL-17A(high) and IFN-γ(high) immunophenotypes: Potential benefits of calcitriol.
Racial and ethnic differences in asthma and mental health among US adults: results from the National Survey on Drug Use and Health.
Antibiotic use in infancy and the risk of asthma in Mexican American children.
Illness representations and cultural practices play a role in patient-centered care in childhood asthma: experiences of Mexican mothers.
Comparison of therapeutic effects of inhaled corticosteroids on three subtypes of cough variant asthma as classified by the impulse oscillometry system.
[Bronchial thermoplasty in the management of severe asthma : retrospective analysis of 10 cases treated at academic hospital of Liège].
Analysis of the drop-out rate in patients receiving mepolizumab for severe asthma in real life.
Antiasthmatic potential of Zizyphus jujuba Mill and Jujuboside B. - Possible role in the treatment of asthma.
Trimester-specific association between antibiotics exposure during pregnancy and childhood asthma or wheeze: the role of confounding.
The ORMDL3 Asthma Gene Regulates ICAM1 and Has Multiple Effects on Cellular Inflammation.
The Significance of Hypothiocyanite Production via the Pendrin/DUOX/Peroxidase Pathway in the Pathogenesis of Asthma.
Markov Chain-Based Acute Effect Estimation of Air Pollution on Elder Asthma Hospitalization.
Association between SERPINB2 Gene Expression by Real Time PCR in Respiratory Epithelial Cells and Atopic Bronchial Asthma Severity.
[Asthma and heroin use].
Interluekin-35 in Asthma and Its Potential as an Effective Therapeutic Agent.
Differential Expression of Serum Proteins in Rats with Allergic Asthma: A Study Based on the Nanoliter Two-Dimensional Liquid Chromatography Technique.
Genotyping of <i>IL-4</i> -590 (C>T) Gene in Iraqi Asthma Patients.
Factors impacting asthma control in children in a low-to-middle income country setting: a retrospective study.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of complementary and alternative medicine in asthma.
Association of Serum Vitamin D Levels with Level of Control of Childhood Asthma.
Reevaluation of Diagnosis in Adults With Physician-Diagnosed Asthma.
Oxidized CaMKII promotes asthma through the activation of mast cells.
Association between asthma and female sex hormones.
Self-assessment of Allergic Rhinitis and Asthma (SACRA) Questionnaire-based Allergic Rhinitis Treatment Improves Asthma Control in Asthmatic Patients with Allergic Rhinitis.
Personalised medicine in asthma: from curative to preventive medicine.
Progression to Uncontrolled Severe Asthma: A Novel Risk Equation.
Clinical Tools to Assess Asthma Control in Children.
Improving the Efficiency of Care for Pediatric Patients Hospitalized With Asthma.
Should recommendations about starting inhaled corticosteroid treatment for mild asthma be based on symptom frequency: a post-hoc efficacy analysis of the START study.
Association Between Allergen Exposure in Inner-City Schools and Asthma Morbidity Among Students.
Replacement of SFC-DPI with SFC-MDI exhaled through the nose improves eosinophilic chronic rhinosinusitis in patients with bronchial asthma.
IL-23 secreted by bronchial epithelial cells contributes to allergic sensitization in asthma model: role of IL-23 secreted by bronchial epithelial cells.
Ambient air pollution, traffic noise and adult asthma prevalence: a BioSHaRE approach.
Impact of Maternal Lifetime Interpersonal Trauma on Children's Asthma: Mediation Through Maternal Active Asthma During Pregnancy.
Case report of asthma associated with 3D printing.
Small airway involvement in the late allergic response in asthma.
New Anti-Eosinophil Drugs for Asthma and COPD: Targeting the Trait!
Analysis of Clinical Variations in Asthma Care Documented in Electronic Health Records Between Staff and Resident Physicians.
Anti-inflammatory and endothelium protective effect of long-term pioglitazone intake in patients suffering from bronchial asthma concurrent with ischemic heart disease.
[Allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis in patients with asthma: Results of a prospective study].
Influence of Maternal Body Mass Index and Macrophage Activation on Asthma Exacerbations in Pregnancy.
Breastfeeding, Childhood Asthma, and Allergic Disease.
Interleukin-33 in children with asthma: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
High-dose nebulized budesonide is effective for mild asthma exacerbations in children under 3 years of age.
Systemic and mucosal pre-administration of recombinant Helicobacter pylori neutrophil-activating protein prevents ovalbumin-induced allergic asthma in mice.
Gut microbiota and allergy/asthma: From pathogenesis to new therapeutic strategies.
Th9 and other IL-9-producing cells in allergic asthma.
Uncovering potential key genes associated with the pathogenesis of asthma: A microarray analysis of asthma-relevant tissues.
Using Concept Mapping to Explore and Engage Parent and Youth Residents of an Economically Underserved Minority Community around Children's Asthma.
Acute Asthma in the Pediatric Emergency Department: Infections Are the Main Triggers of Exacerbations.
Effect of Pregnancy on Quantitative Medication Use and Relation to Exacerbations in Asthma.
Testing evidence routine practice: Using an implementation framework to embed a clinically proven asthma service in Australian community pharmacy.
Role of Adult Asthma Education in Improving Asthma Control and Reducing Emergency Room Utilization and Hospital Admissions in an Inner City Hospital.
Trends in asthma mortality in the 0- to 4-year and 5- to 34-year age groups in Brazil.
New Therapeutic Approach to Treat Allergic Rhinitis & Bronchial Asthma, Considering These Two as One United Airway Disease.
Outdoor Environment and Pediatric Asthma: An Update on the Evidence from North America.
Airway Hyperresponsiveness in Asthma: Measurement and Clinical Relevance.
Effect of Nigella sativa supplementation on lung function and inflammatory mediatorsin partly controlled asthma: a randomized controlled trial.
General and Disease-specific Scales in Children with Asthma and their Parents.
Phenotypes of asthma in low-income children and adolescents: cluster analysis.
[Association between risk factors during maternal pregnancy and the neonatal period and childhood bronchial asthma].
The Global Asthma Network rationale and methods for Phase I global surveillance: prevalence, severity, management and risk factors.
Combined inhaled beta-agonist and anticholinergic agents for emergency management in adults with asthma.
Altered Epithelial Gene Expression in Peripheral Airways of Severe Asthma.
[Pediatric asthma hospitalization in Chile: 2001-2014].
Clinical and Economic Burden of Elevated Blood Eosinophils in Patients With and Without Uncontrolled Asthma.
Comparable risk of childhood asthma after vaginal delivery and emergency caesarean section.
Improving Pediatric Asthma Outcomes in a Community Emergency Department.
Comparison of anti-interleukin-5 therapies in patients with severe asthma: global and indirect meta-analyses of randomized placebo-controlled trials.
Growth trajectories and asthma/rhinitis in children: a longitudinal study in Taiwan.
Role of biologics targeting type 2 airway inflammation in asthma: what have we learned so far?
Asthma and exercise-induced respiratory symptoms in the athlete: new insights.
Novel targets of omalizumab in asthma.
Asthma control in adolescents 10 to 11 y after exposure to the World Trade Center disaster.
Role of microbiome in the pathophysiology and disease course of asthma.
Determinants of Incomplete Asthma Control in Patients with Allergic Rhinitis and Asthma.
Effect of terbutaline combined with budesonide in treatment of bronchial asthma and rehabilitation nursing.
Rhinitis in pregnant women with asthma is associated with poorer asthma control and quality of life.
The influence of asthma control on psychosocial outcomes for pregnant women with asthma.
Biomarkers for severe eosinophilic asthma.
Randomized Trial of Dexamethasone Versus Prednisone for Children with Acute Asthma Exacerbations.
Effects of procalcitonin-guided treatment on antibiotic use and need for mechanical ventilation in patients with acute asthma exacerbation: Meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Algorithm for the management of asthma in pregnant women: a protocol to optimize processes in healthcare.
Dupilumab for the treatment of asthma.
Caring for Young Children with Asthma: Perspectives from Urban Community Health Centers.
Fragrances and work-related asthma-California surveillance data, 1993-2012.
Asthma and Allergy "Epidemic" and the Role of Vitamin D Deficiency.
Suppression of Sirtuin-1 Increases IL-6 Expression by Activation of the Akt Pathway During Allergic Asthma.
β2-Adrenoceptor Function in Asthma.
Effects of Aspergillus fumigatus on glucocorticoid receptor and β2-adrenergic receptor expression in a rat model of asthma.
Effects of icariin on asthma mouse model are associated with regulation of prostaglandin D2 level.
The Biomarker Salivary SP-D May Indicate Small Airway Inflammation and Asthma Exacerbation.
Squill Oxymel, a traditional formulation from Drimia Maritima (L.) Stearn, as an add-on treatment in patients with moderate to severe persistent asthma: A pilot, triple-blind, randomized clinical trial.
Meta-analysis of the association between asthma and serum levels of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol.
Long-term safety, efficacy, pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of omalizumab in children with severe uncontrolled asthma.
Environmental and mucosal microbiota and their role in childhood asthma.
PDCD1 PD-1.3 polymorphism and allergic bronchial asthma in Russian and Buryat patients.
Increased microRNA-323-3p in IL-22/IL-17-producing T cells and asthma: a role in the regulation of the TGF-β pathway and IL-22 production.
Mometasone furoate (MF) improves lung function in pediatric asthma: A double-blind, randomized controlled dose-ranging trial of MF metered-dose inhaler.
Metabolomics of tracheal wash samples and exhaled breath condensates in healthy horses and horses affected by equine asthma.
Management of the Asthma-COPD Overlap Syndrome (ACOS): a Review of the Evidence.
Boston children's hospital community asthma initiative: Five-year cost analyses of a home visiting program.
[Interventionen beim Asthma COPD].
[Monoclonal antibodies for severe asthma (review)].
Efficacy of Shegan Mahuang Decoction for asthma: A systematic review and meta-analysis protocol.
Benralizumab: an anti-IL-5 receptor α monoclonal antibody in the treatment of asthma.
Longitudinal associations among asthma control, sleep problems, and health-related quality of life in children with asthma: a report from the PROMIS(®) Pediatric Asthma Study.
Longitudinal stability of asthma characteristics and biomarkers from the Airways Disease Endotyping for Personalized Therapeutics (ADEPT) study.
Age of asthma onset and vulnerability to ambient air pollution: an observational population-based study of adults from Southern Taiwan.
Associations between neighbourhood greenness and asthma in preschool children in Kaunas, Lithuania: a case-control study.
Do Variants in GSTs Modify the Association between Traffic Air Pollution and Asthma in Adolescence?
Asthma control and cold weather-related respiratory symptoms.
Adherence to Asthma Guidelines in Children, Tweens, and Adults in Primary Care Settings: A Practice-Based Network Assessment.
Original Research: Acute chest syndrome in sickle cell disease: Effect of genotype and asthma.
Is Gly16Arg β2 Receptor Polymorphism Related to Impulse Oscillometry in a Real-Life Asthma Clinic Setting?
Prenatal and infant paracetamol exposure and development of asthma: the Norwegian Mother and Child Cohort Study.
Age-Related Differences in the Rate, Timing, and Diagnosis of 30-Day Readmissions in Hospitalized Adults With Asthma Exacerbation.
Comorbidome, Pattern, and Impact of Asthma-COPD Overlap Syndrome in Real Life.
Characteristics of phenotypes of elderly patients with asthma.
Circulating angiopoietin-1 and -2 in patients with stable and exacerbated asthma.
Internal exposure levels of typical POPs and their associations with childhood asthma in Shanghai, China.
Absence of airway inflammation in a large proportion of adolescents with asthma.
Local genotype influences DNA methylation at two asthma-associated regions, 5q31 and 17q21, in a founder effect population.
ADRB2 polymorphisms in allergic asthma in Han Chinese children.
The role of viral infections in exacerbations of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and asthma.
The dendritic cell high-affinity IgE receptor is overexpressed in both asthma and severe COPD.
Asthma in furniture and wood processing workers: a systematic review.
Asthma-COPD overlap syndrome (ACOS): A diagnostic challenge.
Asthma Management Disparities: A Photovoice Investigation with African American Youth.
Transcriptomic gene signatures associated with persistent airflow limitation in patients with severe asthma.
Randomized Trial of Interventions to Improve Childhood Asthma in Homes with Wood-burning Stoves.
Is it who you are or where you live? Residential segregation and racial gaps in childhood asthma.
Rapid vs Maintenance Vitamin D Supplementation in Deficient Children With Asthma to Prevent Exacerbations.
Association between sleep duration and the prevalence of atopic dermatitis and asthma in young adults.
[ASTHMA PREVENTION AND MANAGEMENT GUIDELINE 2018 (SECTIONS FOR ADULTS): FOCUSING ON THE TREATMENT OF SEVERE ASTHMA].
Treatment with Paracetamol is not Associated with Increased Airway Sensitivity and Risk of Asthma in Rats.
Inhaler Technique Education and Exacerbation Risk in Older Adults with Asthma or Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease: A Meta-Analysis.
Microbiome in the primary prevention of allergic diseases and bronchial asthma.
The case for exploring the usage of employee wellness programs for pediatric asthma control.
Predictors of Asthma Control by Stepwise Treatment in Elderly Asthmatic Patients.
Lebrikizumab in moderate-to-severe asthma: pooled data from two randomised placebo-controlled studies.
Efficacy and safety of ipratropium bromide/albuterol compared with albuterol in patients with moderate-to-severe asthma: a randomized controlled trial.
Exposure to extreme heat and precipitation events associated with increased risk of hospitalization for asthma in Maryland, U.S.A.
Efficacy of a House Dust Mite Sublingual Allergen Immunotherapy Tablet in Adults With Allergic Asthma: A Randomized Clinical Trial.
Detailed analysis of sputum and systemic inflammation in asthma phenotypes: are paucigranulocytic asthmatics really non-inflammatory?
Randomised trial of once-daily vilanterol in children with asthma on inhaled corticosteroid therapy.
[Efficacy and economic evaluation of sublingual immunotherapy with Dermatophagoides farinae drops in patients with allergic rhinitis and allergic asthma].
Association between Asthma and Primary Nocturnal Enuresis in Children.
Innate lymphoid cells in asthma: Will they take your breath away?
Asthma management programs for primary care providers: increasing adherence to asthma guidelines.
Associations of Early Life Exposures and Environmental Factors With Asthma Among Children in Rural and Urban Areas of Guangdong, China.
Risk of Asthma from Cesarean Delivery Depends on Membrane Rupture.
Asthma and orbital immunoglobulin G4-related disease.
Does epigenetics play a role in human asthma?
Relationship of Circulating C5a and Complement Factor H Levels With Disease Control in Pregnant Women With Asthma.
Current and future biomarkers in allergic asthma.
Cockroach allergen exposure and risk of asthma.
Sputum mast cell subtypes relate to eosinophilia and corticosteroid response in asthma.
Prevalence of confirmed asthma varies in chronic rhinosinusitis subtypes.
Barriers to Asthma Management for School Nurses: An Integrative Review.
Incident asthma and Mycoplasma pneumoniae: A nationwide cohort study.
Cost Effectiveness of Outpatient Asthma Clinics.
Asthma and dietary intake: an overview of systematic reviews.
Pretreatment With Inactivated Bacillus Calmette-Guerin Increases CD4+CD25+ Regulatory T Cell Function and Decreases Functional and Structural Effects of Asthma Induction in a Rat Asthma Model.
Validation of the Brazilian version of the childhood asthma control test (c-ACT).
Absence of back to school peaks in human rhinovirus detections and respiratory symptoms in a cohort of children with asthma.
Maternal Exposure of BALB/c Mice to Indoor NO2 and Allergic Asthma Syndrome in Offspring at Adulthood with Evaluation of DNA Methylation Associated Th2 Polarization.
Tezepelumab in Adults with Uncontrolled Asthma.
Comparison of fractional exhaled nitric oxide levels in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, bronchial asthma and healthy subjects of Nepal.
miR-29b Reverses T helper 1 cells/T helper 2 cells Imbalance and Alleviates Airway Eosinophils Recruitment in OVA-Induced Murine Asthma by Targeting Inducible Co-Stimulator.
Diagnosis of allergic sensitization in patients with allergic rhinitis and asthma in a tropical environment.
An association analysis to identify genetic variants linked to asthma and rhino-conjunctivitis in a cohort of Sicilian children.
Determination of potential childhood asthma biomarkers using a powerful methodology based on microextraction by packed sorbent combined with ultra-high pressure liquid chromatography. Eicosanoids as case study.
Consistency and replicability of a pharmacist-led intervention for asthma patients: Italian Medicines Use Review (I-MUR).
Change in biomarkers of type-2 inflammation following severe exacerbations of asthma.
Factors associated with hospital admission in adult patients with asthma exacerbations: A systematic review.
Variants in genes coding for glutathione S-transferases and asthma outcomes in children.
Timing and Duration of Traffic-related Air Pollution Exposure and the Risk for Childhood Wheeze and Asthma.
Risk factors for acute asthma in tropical America: a case-control study in the City of Esmeraldas, Ecuador.
Exposure to allergen and diesel exhaust particles potentiates secondary allergen-specific memory responses, promoting asthma susceptibility.
Sputum pentraxin 3 as a candidate to assess airway inflammation and remodeling in childhood asthma.
IP-10 Is Elevated in Virus-Induced Acute Exacerbations in Childhood Asthma.
Selling falsehoods? A cross-sectional study of Canadian naturopathy, homeopathy, chiropractic and acupuncture clinic website claims relating to allergy and asthma.
Validated and longitudinally stable asthma phenotypes based on cluster analysis of the ADEPT study.
[Relationship between interleukin-17A gene polymorphisms and the susceptibility to childhood asthma].
[Effect of Jian'erle Granule on Thl7/Treg Imbalance of Asthma Mice].
Caffeic acid phenethyl ester alleviates asthma by regulating the airway microenvironment via the ROS-responsive MAPK/Akt pathway.
Indoor allergen exposure and asthma outcomes.
IL-27 Is Essential for Suppression of Experimental Allergic Asthma by the TLR7/8 Agonist R848 (Resiquimod).
Outdoor PM2.5, Ambient Air Temperature, and Asthma Symptoms in the Past 14 Days among Adults with Active Asthma.
CD4⁺ and CD8⁺ T cells play a central role in a HDM driven model of allergic asthma.
Nasal and pharyngeal eosinophil peroxidase levels in adults with poorly controlled asthma correlate with sputum eosinophilia.
[Efficacy and safety of anti-interleukin-5 therapy in patients with asthma: systematic reviews].
[Effects of Fritillariae Cirrhosae Bulbus on MMP-2,MMP-9 and TIMP-1 in murine asthma model].
The role of the microbiome in childhood asthma.
Asthma-COPD overlap is not a homogeneous disorder: further supporting data.
Which inhaled corticosteroid and long-acting β-agonist combination is better in patients with moderate-to-severe asthma, a dry powder inhaler or a pressurized metered-dose inhaler?
Age-related off-label use of nasal corticosteroids for allergies is relatively common in Finnish children with asthma.
Safety, Tolerability, Pharmacokinetics, and Pharmacodynamics of the Novel CRTH2 Antagonist BI 1021958 at Single Oral Doses in Healthy Men and Multiple Oral Doses in Men and Women With Well-Controlled Asthma.
[Rating criteria for selection of an inhaler and instructing its use in patients with asthma and COPD].
Clinical Toxicology and Its Relevance to Asthma and Atopy.
Tiotropium in the add-on treatment of asthma in adults: clinical trial evidence and experience.
Mould-sensitized adults have lower Th2 cytokines and a higher prevalence of asthma than those sensitized to other aeroallergens.
Association of airborne particles, protein, and endotoxin with emergency department visits for asthma in Kyoto, Japan.
[Attitudes of adult asthma patients towards influenza vaccination].
Validity of three asthma-specific quality of life questionnaires: the patients' perspective.
Patient- and parent-initiated oral steroids for asthma exacerbations.
[Recombinant adenovirus type 5 does not aggravate asthma symptoms in a mouse model of ovalbumin-induced asthma].
[A cross-section study of severe asthma in eight provinces of China].
Asthma Among Employed Adults, by Industry and Occupation - 21 States, 2013.
Identifying biomarkers for asthma diagnosis using targeted metabolomics approaches.
Excess medical costs in patients with asthma and the role of comorbidity.
The microbiome in asthma.
Polymorphisms in Toll-like receptor 3 are associated with asthma-related phenotypes in the Chinese Han patients.
Pharmacoepidemiological Study of Long-Acting β-agonist/Inhaled Corticosteroid Therapy and Asthma Mortality: Clinical Implications.
Steroid sparing effect of sublingual immunotherapy: real life study in mono/polisensitized children with asthma.
The impact of financial incentives on the implementation of asthma or diabetes self-management: A systematic review.
A TNFRSF14-FcɛRI-mast cell pathway contributes to development of multiple features of asthma pathology in mice.
Assessment of the efficacy and safety of fluticasone propionate and salmeterol delivered as a combination dry powder via a capsule-based inhaler and a multi-dose inhaler in patients with asthma.
Augmented Pla2g4c/Ptgs2/Hpgds axis in bronchial smooth muscle tissues of experimental asthma.
A review of the use and effectiveness of digital health technologies in patients with asthma.
Reduction in exhaled nitric oxide tracks improved patient inhaler compliance in difficult asthma-a case study.
An anti-TL1A antibody for the treatment of asthma and inflammatory bowel disease.
Contributions of COPD, asthma, and ten comorbid conditions to health care utilization and patient-centered outcomes among US adults with obstructive airway disease.
Myofibroblasts are increased in the lung parenchyma in asthma.
Assessment of asthma control using asthma control test in chest clinics in Cameroon: a cross-sectional study.
Drug Development and Biologics in Asthma. A New Era.
Severe Asthma: Have We Made Progress?
Omalizumab therapy in a 13-year-old boy with severe persistent asthma and concomitant eosinophilic esophagitis.
[Ten years comparison of diagnosis and treatment of asthma in urban children in China].
Th1/Th2/Th17 cells imbalance in patients with asthma with and without psychological symptoms.
The morbidity and cost of vocal cord dysfunction misdiagnosed as asthma.
Asthma Associates With Human Abdominal Aortic Aneurysm and Rupture.
Hospitals' Patterns of Use of Noninvasive Ventilation in Patients With Asthma Exacerbation.
Gastro-oesophageal reflux and worse asthma control in obese children: a case of symptom misattribution?
Applying the Social Ecological Model to Creating Asthma-Friendly Schools in Louisiana.
Bronchodilator response as a marker of poor asthma control.
Phenotyping asthma in the elderly: allergic sensitization profile and upper airways comorbidity in patients older than 65 years.
Chrysin alleviates allergic inflammation and airway remodeling in a murine model of chronic asthma.
Systemic inflammation and higher perception of dyspnea mimicking asthma in obese subjects.
Plasma total thiol pool in children with asthma: Modulation during montelukast monotherapy.
Airway dysbiosis: Haemophilus influenzae and Tropheryma in poorly controlled asthma.
Characteristics and Outcomes of HEDIS-Defined Asthma Patients with COPD Diagnostic Coding.
Bronchial Smooth Muscle Remodeling in Nonsevere Asthma.
Genetic effects of multiple asthma loci identified by genomewide association studies on asthma and spirometric indices.
Loss of asthma control and activation of coagulation and fibrinolysis.
IgE antibodies in relation to prevalence and multimorbidity of eczema, asthma, and rhinitis from birth to adolescence.
Functional variants of 17q12-21 are associated with allergic asthma but not allergic rhinitis.
Number, activation, and differentiation of circulating fibrocytes correlate with asthma severity.
Effect of once-daily generic ciclesonide on exhaled nitric oxide in atopic children with persistent asthma.
Healthcare costs and resource utilization of asthma in Germany: a claims data analysis.
Exercise-induced respiratory symptoms and allergy in elite athletes: Allergy and Asthma in Polish Olympic Athletes (A(2)POLO) project within GA(2)LEN initiative.
Omalizumab dampens type 2 inflammation in a group of long-term treated asthma patients and detaches IgE from FcεRI.
Association between asthma and lung function in adolescents born very preterm: results of the EPIPAGE cohort study.
IgE anti-respiratory syncytial virus antibodies detected in serum of pediatric patients with asthma.
Genetic variation in chitinase 3-like 1 (CHI3L1) contributes to asthma severity and airway expression of YKL-40.
Heavy metals in PM2.5 and in blood, and children's respiratory symptoms and asthma from an e-waste recycling area.
Parallel reductions of IgE and exhaled nitric oxide after optimized anti-inflammatory asthma treatment.
Asthma Was Talking, But We Weren't Listening. Missed or Ignored Signals That Have Slowed Treatment Progress.
Responsiveness to Change in PROMIS(®) Measures among Children with Asthma: A Report from the PROMIS(®) Pediatric Asthma Study.
COPD assessment test and severity of airflow limitation in patients with asthma, COPD, and asthma-COPD overlap syndrome.
Protocol for a feasibility study to inform the development of a multicentre randomised controlled trial of asthma-tailored pulmonary rehabilitation versus usual care for individuals with severe asthma.
Relative Importance and Additive Effects of Maternal and Infant Risk Factors on Childhood Asthma.
Dipeptidyl peptidase-4 is highly expressed in bronchial epithelial cells of untreated asthma and it increases cell proliferation along with fibronectin production in airway constitutive cells.
Microbes and asthma: Opportunities for intervention.
Allergic sensitization patterns identified through latent class analysis among children with and without asthma.
Protective effects of elafin against adult asthma.
Prescription patterns, adherence and characteristics of non-adherence in children with asthma in primary care.
Overdiagnosis of asthma in children in primary care: a retrospective analysis.
What are the characteristics of asthma patients with elevated serum IgG4 levels?
The microbial environment and its influence on asthma prevention in early life.
Validation of the Pregnancy Asthma Control Test.
The natural history of severe asthma and influences of early risk factors: a population-based cohort study.
Parent and Child Independent Report of Emotional Responses to Asthma-Specific Vignettes: The Relationship Between Emotional States, Self-Management Behaviors, and Symptoms.
Association of autophagy related gene polymorphisms with neutrophilic airway inflammation in adult asthma.
Medicine use and disease control among adolescents with asthma.
The interleukin-33 receptor ST2 is important for the development of peripheral airway hyperresponsiveness and inflammation in a house dust mite mouse model of asthma.
The Impact of Tobacco Smoke Exposure on Childhood Asthma in a Medicaid Managed Care Plan.
Obese individuals experience wheezing without asthma but not asthma without wheezing: a Mendelian randomisation study of 85,437 adults from the Copenhagen General Population Study.
Staphylococcal enterotoxin IgE sensitization in late-onset severe eosinophilic asthma in the elderly.
Chemokine receptors expression on CD3+ blood cells in bronchial asthma.
The efficacy of single-high dose inhaled corticosteroid versus oral prednisone treatment on exhaled leukotriene and 8-isoprostane levels in mild to moderate asthmatic children with asthma exacerbation.
Quality of life in caregivers of children with asthma: Validity and reliability of the IFABI-R questionnaire.
Differences in spirometry values between U.S. children 6-11 years and adolescents 12-19 years with current asthma, 2007-2010.
Educational interventions to improve inhaler techniques and their impact on asthma and COPD control: a pilot effectiveness-implementation trial.
Opportunities to develop the professional role of community pharmacists in the care of patients with asthma: a cross-sectional study.
Development of a validated algorithm for the diagnosis of paediatric asthma in electronic medical records.
[New drugs for severe asthma].
Administration of JTE013 abrogates experimental asthma by regulating proinflammatory cytokine production from bronchial epithelial cells.
Lack of Recognition, Diagnosis, and Treatment of Overweight/Obesity in Children Hospitalized for Asthma.
CD38 gene-modified dendritic cells inhibit murine asthma development by increasing IL-12 production and promoting Th1 cell differentiation.
Increased incidence of allergic rhinitis, bronchitis and asthma, in children living near a petrochemical complex with SO<sub>2</sub> pollution.
Near Fatal Asthma in an Inner City Population.
[Recent research progress in immunomodulatory effects of Chinese herbal medicine on asthma treatment].
Derivatization enhanced separation and sensitivity of long chain-free fatty acids: Application to asthma using targeted and non-targeted liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry approach.
Propofol inhibits NF-κB activation to ameliorate airway inflammation in ovalbumin (OVA)-induced allergic asthma mice.
Comparative Meta-Analysis of the Efficacy of Once-Daily Fluticasone Furoate 100 µG Versus Twice-Daily Fluticasone Propionate 250 µG in Adolescents and Adults with Persistent Asthma.
Asthma Is More Severe in Older Adults.
Asthma-COPD overlap 2015: now we are six.
Association between respiratory infections in early life and later asthma is independent of virus type.
Genomic architecture of asthma differs by sex.
The construction and validation of the Severe Asthma Questionnaire.
Tralokinumab for severe, uncontrolled asthma (STRATOS 1 and STRATOS 2): two randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled, phase 3 clinical trials.
ETHNOBOTANICAL STUDY OF PLANTS USED TO TREAT ASTHMA IN THE MARITIME REGION IN TOGO.
Monitoring the hospital management of acute asthma: the Italian Pediatric Network experience.
Overexpression of programmed cell death 5 in a mouse model of ovalbumin-induced allergic asthma.
Investigating trends in asthma and COPD through multiple data sources: A small area study.
Drug-related problems and pharmacist interventions in a cohort of patients with asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Characterization of Transient Receptor Potential Vanilloid-1 (TRPV1) Variant Activation by Coal Fly Ash Particles and Associations with Altered Transient Receptor Potential Ankyrin-1 (TRPA1) Expression and Asthma.
Effect of Continuous Positive Airway Pressure on Airway Reactivity in Asthma. A Randomized, Sham-controlled Clinical Trial.
GPs have key role in improving outcomes in acute asthma.
Association between severe asthma and changes in the stomatognathic system.
INDICATORS OF PHAGOCYTIC COMPONENT AND SECRETORY IGA IN CHILDREN WITH BRONCHIAL ASTHMA SECONDARY TO UNDIFFERENTIATED CONNECTIVE TISSUE DYSPLASIA.
Effectiveness of school-based family asthma educational programs in quality of life and asthma exacerbations in asthmatic children aged five to 18: a systematic review.
Indoor Environmental Control Practices and Asthma Management.
Asthma and Respiratory Foundation NZ adult asthma guidelines: a quick reference guide.
Exhaled nitric oxide levels to guide treatment for children with asthma.
Role of interleukin-4 genetic polymorphisms and environmental factors in the risk of asthma in children.
Dimensions of Socioeconomic Status and Childhood Asthma Outcomes: Evidence for Distinct Behavioral and Biological Associations.
[Biomarkers in asthma].
[Seasonality in asthma: Impact and treatments].
Neutralization of either IL-17A or IL-17F is sufficient to inhibit house dust mite induced allergic asthma in mice.
Model-based clinical pharmacology profiling and exposure-response relationships of the efficacy and biomarker of lebrikizumab in patients with moderate-to-severe asthma.
Therapeutic intranasal instillation of allergen-loaded microbubbles suppresses experimental allergic asthma in mice.
Pollen exposure and hospitalization due to asthma exacerbations: daily time series in a European city.
Incorrect use of inhalation devices among patients with bronchial asthma. A hospital-based cross-sectional study in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Does antimicrobial therapy improve outcomes in horses with severe equine asthma and a positive tracheal wash bacterial culture?
COMPARISON OF TWO INHALATIONAL TECHNIQUES FOR BRONCHODILATOR ADMINISTRATION IN CHILDREN AND ADOLESCENTS WITH ACUTE ASTHMA CRISIS: A META-ANALYSIS.
Whole genome prediction and heritability of childhood asthma phenotypes.
Effects of Asian Dust Particles on the Early-Stage Antigen-Induced Immune Response of Asthma in NC/Nga Mice.
Exhaled nitric oxide: Not associated with asthma, symptoms, or spirometry in children with sickle cell anemia.
Airway remodelling in COPD: It's not asthma!
Comparison of fluticasone/formoterol with budesonide/formoterol pMDI in adults with moderate to severe persistent asthma: Results from a 12-week randomized controlled trial.
Elevated serum levels of TNF-α, IL-8, and ECP can be involved in the development and progression of bronchial asthma.
Identifying Risk of Future Asthma Attacks Using UK Medical Record Data: A Respiratory Effectiveness Group Initiative.
Regulatory Effects of Estradiol on Peripheral Blood Mononuclear Cells Activation in Patients with Asthma.
Allergic rhinitis, rather than asthma, is a risk factor for dental caries.
[Metabolomics analysis identifies serum glycerophospholipid expression: a comparison between men and women with asthma].
Airway Eosinophilopoietic and Autoimmune Mechanisms of Eosinophilia in Severe Asthma.
Dust mite allergen-specific immunotherapy increases IL4 DNA methylation and induces Der p-specific T cell tolerance in children with allergic asthma.
Health-care conditions in elementary schools and teachers' knowledge of childhood asthma.
GLCCI1 Variation Is Associated with Asthma Susceptibility and Inhaled Corticosteroid Response in a Chinese Han Population.
Respiratory virus transmission dynamics determine timing of asthma exacerbation peaks: Evidence from a population-level model.
Elm Tree (Ulmus parvifolia) Bark Bioprocessed with Mycelia of Shiitake (Lentinus edodes) Mushrooms in Liquid Culture: Composition and Mechanism of Protection against Allergic Asthma in Mice.
Age, period, and cohort effects in adult lifetime asthma prevalence in California: an application of hierarchical age-period-cohort analysis.
An observational study of the impact of an antenatal asthma management service on asthma control during pregnancy.
Association of prenatal exposure to acetaminophen and coffee with childhood asthma.
The Annual September Peak in Asthma Exacerbation Rates. Still a Reality?
Impact of medically recalcitrant chronic rhinosinusitis on incidence of asthma.
Effect of treatment with inhaled corticosteroid on serum periostin levels in asthma.
Second-order Texture Measurements of (3)He Ventilation MRI: Proof-of-concept Evaluation of Asthma Bronchodilator Response.
Folate Deficiency, Atopy, and Severe Asthma Exacerbations in Puerto Rican Children.
Knowledge that people with intellectual disabilities have of their inhaled asthma medications: messages for pharmacists.
[Consensus-based approach for severe paediatric asthma in routine clinical practice].
House dust mite sublingual immunotherapy is safe in patients with mild-to-moderate, persistent asthma: a clinical trial.
Asthma phenotyping: a necessity for improved therapeutic precision and new targeted therapies.
Asthma control in pregnancy is associated with pre-conception dietary patterns.
SCUBA Diving and Asthma: Clinical Recommendations and Safety.
Social Networking of Group Two Innate Lymphoid Cells in Allergy and Asthma.
Role of Superantigens in Allergic Inflammation: Their Relationship to Allergic Rhinitis, Chronic Rhinosinusitis, Asthma, and Atopic Dermatitis.
Antenatal vitamin D exposure and childhood eczema, food allergy, asthma and allergic rhinitis at 2 and 5 years of age in the atopic disease-specific Cork BASELINE Birth Cohort Study.
Cough reflex sensitivity after exercise challenge testing in children with asthma.
Impact evaluation of environmental factors on respiratory function of asthma patients living in urban territory.
Epigenetic regulation of T-helper cell differentiation, memory, and plasticity in allergic asthma.
A novel endpoint for exacerbations in asthma to accelerate clinical development: a post-hoc analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Associations between spontaneous parental perspective-taking and stimulated cytokine responses in children with asthma.
Beneficial effects of Galectin-9 on allergen-specific sublingual immunotherapy in a Dermatophagoides farinae-induced mouse model of chronic asthma.
Factors associated with asthma in adolescents in the city of Fortaleza, Brazil.
Maternal and paternal beliefs, support and parenting as determinants of sport participation of adolescents with asthma.
Urates in exhaled breath condensate as a biomarker of control in childhood asthma.
Anxiety sensitivity as a mediator of the association between asthma and smoking.
Influences of asthma on reported health indicators and access to health care among children.
Dietary plant stanol ester consumption improves immune function in asthma patients: results of a randomized, double-blind clinical trial.
Aberrant purine metabolism in allergic asthma revealed by plasma metabolomics.
Predictors of asthma exacerbation among patients with poorly controlled asthma despite inhaled corticosteroid treatment.
Urbanisation but not biomass fuel smoke exposure is associated with asthma prevalence in four resource-limited settings.
Geo-climatic heterogeneity in self-reported asthma, allergic rhinitis and chronic bronchitis in Italy.
The combination of fluticasone furoate and vilanterol trifenatate in the management of asthma: clinical trial evidence and experience.
[Asthma Update 2015--What Cell Biology in Basic Pulmonary Research Can Offer to the Pneumologist].
Asthma Trigger Reports Are Associated with Low Quality of Life, Exacerbations, and Emergency Treatments.
History of Asthma in Patients with Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease. A Comparative Study of Economic Burden.
Asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease overlap: asthmatic chronic obstructive pulmonary disease or chronic obstructive asthma?
No Association Between -159C/T Polymorphism of the CD14 Gene and Asthma Risk: a Meta-Analysis of 36 Case-Control Studies.
Associations Between Parental Health Literacy, Use of Asthma Management Plans, and Child's Asthma Control.
Efficacy of a Transition Theory-Based Discharge Planning Program for Childhood Asthma Management.
Molecular basi of superoxide dismutase alterations in Spirometry proven bronchial asthma.
Physical Activity, Sedentary Habits, Sleep, and Obesity are Associated with Asthma, Allergic Rhinitis, and Atopic Dermatitis in Korean Adolescents.
Crocin modulates IL-4/IL-13 signaling and ameliorates experimentally induced allergic airway asthma in a murine model.
New approach shows no association between maternal milk fatty acid composition and childhood wheeze or asthma.
Exhaled particles as markers of small airway inflammation in subjects with asthma.
Oxidative stress in asthma: a distinct clinical and pathologic feature?
[Association between use of antibacterial agents in the first year of life and childhood asthma: a Meta analysis].
Asthma in the elderly.
Asthma prevention and management guidelines 2015, Japan: comparison with GINA2015.
Blood granulocyte patterns as predictors of asthma phenotypes in adults from the EGEA study.
Occupational exposure to chemicals drives the increased risk of asthma and rhinitis observed for exposure to vapours, gas, dust and fumes: a cross-sectional population-based study.
Exposure to outdoor air pollution during trimesters of pregnancy and childhood asthma, allergic rhinitis, and eczema.
Differences in Adherence and Non-Adherence Behaviour Patterns to Inhaler Devices Between COPD and Asthma Patients.
Vegetation diversity protects against childhood asthma: results from a large New Zealand birth cohort.
Farnesyltransferase Inhibition Exacerbates Eosinophilic Inflammation and Airway Hyperreactivity in Mice with Experimental Asthma: The Complex Roles of Ras GTPase and Farnesylpyrophosphate in Type 2 Allergic Inflammation.
Plasma Adiponectin Concentrations and Adiponectin Gene Polymorphisms Are Associated with Bronchial Asthma in the Chinese Li Population.
The changing epidemiology of asthma in Shanghai, China.
Factors associated with length of stay for pediatric asthma hospitalizations.
Efficacy and safety of beclomethasone dipropionate breath-actuated or metered-dose inhaler in pediatric patients with asthma.
[Knowledge of asthma: educational intervention with the 2014 GINA guide in primary care physicians].
Exposure to bisphenol A and the development of asthma: A systematic review of cohort studies.
The Detroit Young Adult Asthma Project: Pilot of a Technology-Based Medication Adherence Intervention for African-American Emerging Adults.
Molecular and cellular mechanisms underlying the therapeutic effects of budesonide in asthma.
Enabling and hindering factors influencing adherence to asthma treatment among adolescents: A systematic literature review.
Effects of immunomodulatory supplementation with Lactobacillus rhamnosus on airway inflammation in a mouse asthma model.
Noninvasive Recognition and Biomarkers of Early Allergic Asthma in Cats Using Multivariate Statistical Analysis of NMR Spectra of Exhaled Breath Condensate.
Measurement characteristics of the childhood Asthma-Control Test and a shortened, child-only version.
Risk of asthma exacerbation associated with nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs in childhood asthma: A nationwide population-based cohort study in Taiwan.
Benralizumab, an anti-interleukin-5 receptor α monoclonal antibody, as add-on treatment for patients with severe, uncontrolled, eosinophilic asthma (CALIMA): a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled phase 3 trial.
Childhood obesity in relation to poor asthma control and exacerbation: a meta-analysis.
Comorbidities and elevated IL-6 associate with negative outcome in adult-onset asthma.
E-Cigarette Use Among Florida Youth With and Without Asthma.
A genome-wide cross-trait analysis from UK Biobank highlights the shared genetic architecture of asthma and allergic diseases.
Pepducins as a potential treatment strategy for asthma and COPD.
Comparing Statewide and Single-center Data to Predict High-frequency Emergency Department Utilization Among Patients With Asthma Exacerbation.
Respiratory drugs and macrolides prevent asthma exacerbations: A real-world investigation.
Ethnic and socio-economic differences in the prevalence of wheeze, severe wheeze, asthma, eczema and medication usage at 4 years of age: Findings from the Born in Bradford birth cohort.
Spontaneous pneumomediastinum and subcutaneous emphysema as a complication of asthma in children: case report and literature review.
Potent ameliorating effect of Hypoxia-inducible factor 1α (HIF-1α) antagonist YC-1 on combined allergic rhinitis and asthma syndrome (CARAS) in Rats.
Utility of serum periostin and free IgE levels in evaluating responsiveness to omalizumab in patients with severe asthma.
Tetanus vaccination is associated with differential DNA-methylation: Reduces the risk of asthma in adolescence.
Mini Review - Asthma and Food Allergy.
Knowledge on asthma, food allergies, and anaphylaxis: Assessment of elementary school teachers, parents/caregivers of asthmatic children, and university students in Uruguaiana, in the state of Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil.
Transfer of innovation on allergic rhinitis and asthma multimorbidity in the elderly (MACVIA-ARIA) - EIP on AHA Twinning Reference Site (GARD research demonstration project).
Primary tracheal papilloma disguised as asthma: A case report.
Cost of severe asthma in Brazil-systematic review.
[USEFULNESS OF THE FORCED OSCILLATION TECHNIQUE IN THE DIAGNOSIS OF COUGH VARIANT ASTHMA WITH PROLONGED OR CHRONIC COUGH].
Development of Respiratory Allergies, Asthma and Allergic Rhinits in Children with Atopic Dermatitis.
Acupuncture for asthma: Protocol for a systematic review.
IOEASMA: an integrated clinical and educational pathway for managing asthma in children and adolescents.
Assessment and management of asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease in Australian general practice.
Simultaneously increased expression of glucocorticoid‑induced tumor necrosis factor receptor and its ligand contributes to increased interleukin‑5/13‑producing group 2 innate lymphocytes in murine asthma.
Management of acute asthma exacerbations.
Impact of Panic Attacks on Bronchoconstriction and Subjective Distress in Asthma Patients With and Without Panic Disorder.
Effects of Viola tricolor Flower Hydroethanolic Extract on Lung Inflammation in a Mouse Model of Chronic Asthma.
Fluoxetine protects against OVA induced bronchial asthma and depression in rats.
Baseline patient factors impact on the clinical efficacy of benralizumab for severe asthma.
Association of free vitamin D<sub>3</sub> concentrations and asthma treatment failures in the VIDA Trial.
Association between age at asthma diagnosis and tooth loss.
Association Between Asthma and Sensitization to Allergens of Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus.
Medication Identification Among Caregivers of Urban Children With Asthma.
Effect of obesity and metabolic syndrome on severity, quality of life, sleep quality and inflammatory markers in patients of asthma in India.
Economic Evidence for US Asthma Self-Management Education and Home-Based Interventions.
Allergic Asthma: A Summary from Genetic Basis, Mouse Studies, to Diagnosis and Treatment.
[Exacerbations in perimenstrual asthma. Clinical significance of peripheral blood eosinophilia and BMI].
[Asthma/COPD service in general practice. Study into feasibility and effectiveness].
Environmental Air Pollutants as Risk Factors for Asthma Among Children Seen in Pediatric Clinics in UKMMC, Kuala Lumpur.
Dietary pattern and asthma in India.
Lifestyle factors and asthma in India - a case-control study.
[Common and inductors factors of inflammation in asthma and obesity].
Characteristics of reversible and nonreversible COPD and asthma and COPD overlap syndrome patients: an analysis of salbutamol Easyhaler data.
Real-life effectiveness of budesonide/formoterol therapy in asthma: A subanalysis of the SMARTASIA study.
[Severe asthma].
Severe Asthma in Children: Lessons Learned and Future Directions.
Ethnic variations in asthma hospital admission, readmission and death: a retrospective, national cohort study of 4.62 million people in Scotland.
Efficacy of asthma education program on asthma control in children with uncontrolled asthma.
Overlap of atopic, eosinophilic, and TH2-high asthma phenotypes in a general population with current asthma.
Azithromycin for episodes with asthma-like symptoms in young children aged 1-3 years: a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
Burden of mental illness on hospital and patient outcomes among asthma hospitalizations.
Mepolizumab in the treatment of severe eosinophilic asthma.
Association of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and asthma among children 6-19 years: NHANES 2001-2008 and NHANES 2011-2012.
Overlap syndrome--Asthma and obstructive sleep apnea.
Reducing Exacerbations in the Inner City: Lessons from the Inner-City Asthma Consortium (ICAC).
Asthma severity, not asthma control, is worse in atopic compared with nonatopic adolescents with asthma.
Asthma Control Assessment Tools.
Psychometric Properties of the Asthma Symptom Diary (ASD), a Diary for Use in Clinical Trials of Persistent Asthma.
Understanding asthma-chronic obstructive pulmonary disease overlap syndrome.
Influenza Vaccination Among US Children With Asthma, 2005-2013.
Short-term effects of ambient air pollutants on asthma-related emergency department visits in Indianapolis, Indiana, 2007-2011.
Momentary Assessment of Psychosocial Stressors, Context, and Asthma Symptoms in Hispanic Adolescents.
Anxiety Sensitivity and Reactivity to Asthma-Like Sensations Among Young Adults With Asthma.
Histone Modifications and Asthma. The Interface of the Epigenetic and Genetic Landscapes.
Association between asthma and body mass index and socioeconomic status: A cross-sectional study on 849,659 adolescents.
The impact of PM2.5 on asthma emergency department visits: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Frequency of asthma education in primary care in the years 2007-2010.
Caregiver education to promote appropriate use of preventive asthma medications: what is happening in primary care?
Autophagy mechanisms in sputum and peripheral blood cells of patients with severe asthma: a new therapeutic target.
Reproducibility and utility of an overnight 0.25 mg dexamethasone suppression test as a marker for glucocorticoid sensitivity in children with asthma.
Antibiotic exposure in the first year of life and later treated asthma, a population based birth cohort study of 143,000 children.
Biological studies on the effect of estrogen on experimentally induced asthma in mice.
Outstanding animal studies in allergy I. From asthma to food allergy and anaphylaxis.
Mediators of Inflammation in Asthma: A Forensic Perspective.
Effectiveness of a multi-level asthma intervention in increasing controller medication use: a randomized control trial.
Assessment of pet exposure by self-report in epidemiological studies of allergy and asthma: a systematic review.
Cost effectiveness of bronchial thermoplasty in patients with severe uncontrolled asthma.
Severe asthma: emergency care patient driven solutions.
Regulatory effect of baicalin on the imbalance of Th17/Treg responses in mice with allergic asthma.
Prothrombotic State in Asthma Is Related to Increased Levels of Inflammatory Cytokines, IL-6 and TNFα, in Peripheral Blood.
Identification of IL-17F/frequent exacerbator endotype in asthma.
Association of Youth and Caregiver Anxiety and Asthma Care Among Urban Young Adolescents.
Understanding the Relationship Between Asthma and Sleep in the Pediatric Population.
[Laryngotracheitis, recurrent laryngotracheitis and asthma in children: features of ontogenesis and feeding in the first months of life].
The relationship between serum levels of vitamin D with asthma and its symptom severity: A case-control study.
Effects of depression and anxiety on asthma-related quality of life.
Self-perceived Sleep Quality and Quantity in Adults With Asthma: Findings From the CosteAsma Study.
Burden of Obesity on Pediatric Inpatients with Acute Asthma Exacerbation in the United States.
Monoclonal Antibodies for the Management of Severe Asthma.
Technology-Based Interventions for Asthma-Can They Help Decrease Health Disparities?
The clinical differences of asthma in patients with molds allergy.
Differences in the effects of Asian dust on pulmonary function between adult patients with asthma and those with asthma-chronic obstructive pulmonary disease overlap syndrome.
[Quality of life and associated factors in asthma in a Primary Care Center. Application of the reduced version of the Asthma Quality of Life Questionnaire].
Stem Cell Factor and Interleukin-31 Expression: Association with IgE among Egyptian Patients with Atopic and Nonatopic Bronchial Asthma.
Neighborhood and Individual Socioeconomic Status and Asthma Incidence in African American Women.
Asthma and COPD: Similarities and Differences in the Pathophysiology, Diagnosis and Therapy.
Effect of Prenatal Supplementation With Vitamin D on Asthma or Recurrent Wheezing in Offspring by Age 3 Years: The VDAART Randomized Clinical Trial.
Fixed-Dose combination of the inhaled corticosteroid and long-acting beta2-agonist therapy in adults with persistent asthma.
Asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease overlap syndrome (ACOS): structured literature review and physician insights.
The effect of Asian dust on asthma by socioeconomic status using national health insurance claims data in Korea.
An Overview of Fractional Exhaled Nitric Oxide and Children with Asthma.
Asthma control test and pediatric asthma quality of life questionnaire association in children with poor asthma control.
Predicting future emergency department visits and hospitalizations for asthma using the Pediatric Asthma Control and Communication Instrument - Emergency Department version (PACCI-ED).
Trends in allergy prevalence among children aged 0-17 years by asthma status, United States, 2001-2013.
Prevalence of childhood asthma in Ulaanbaatar, Mongolia in 2009.
High levels of physical activity are associated with poorer asthma control in young females but not in males.
Asthma is a risk factor for new onset chronic migraine: Results from the American migraine prevalence and prevention study.
Depression, Asthma, and Bronchodilator Response in a Nationwide Study of US Adults.
Breastfeeding and childhood hospitalizations for asthma and other wheezing disorders.
ADAM33 and ADAM12 genetic polymorphisms and their expression in Egyptian children with asthma.
Systematic review of models used in economic analyses in moderate-to-severe asthma and COPD.
Pilot randomised trial of a healthy eating behavioural intervention in uncontrolled asthma.
Regulation of Th1/Th2 balance through OX40/OX40L signalling by glycyrrhizic acid in a murine model of asthma.
Asthma-like symptoms, diagnostic tests, and asthma medication use in children and adolescents: a population-based nationwide survey.
An Electronic Asthma Self-Management Intervention for Young African American Adults.
Mouse Sensitivity is an Independent Risk Factor for Rhinitis in Children with Asthma.
Utilization and Costs of Severe Uncontrolled Asthma in a Managed-Care Setting.
Menopause as a predictor of new-onset asthma: A longitudinal Northern European population study.
Association of asthma and anxiety: A nationwide population-based study in Taiwan.
Asthma symptoms in obese adults: The challenge of achieving asthma control.
Perception of Asthma Symptoms as Assessed on the Visual Analog Scale in Subjects With Asthma: A Real-Life Study.
Decreased expression of ectonucleotidase E-NPP1 in leukocytes from subjects with severe asthma exacerbation.
Increased YKL-40 and Chitotriosidase in Asthma and Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease.
Asthma in schoolchildren in Monroe county, Florida: school-based needs assessment.
Outcomes of Childhood Asthma and Wheezy Bronchitis. A 50-Year Cohort Study.
Fine particulate matter (PM2.5 ) exposure during a prolonged wildfire period and emergency department visits for asthma.
Autophagy in airway diseases: a new frontier in human asthma?
Racial Disparities in Asthma Morbidity Among Pediatric Patients Seeking Asthma Specialist Care.
Exploring youth and caregiver preferences for asthma education video content.
Increased numbers of activated group 2 innate lymphoid cells in the airways of patients with severe asthma and persistent airway eosinophilia.
Role of Matrix Metalloproteinases-1 and -2 in Interleukin-13-Suppressed Elastin in Airway Fibroblasts in Asthma.
Urinary leukotriene and Bcl I polymorphism of glucocorticoid receptor gene in preschoolers with recurrent wheezing and high risk of asthma.
Exhaled breath temperature measurement and asthma control in children prescribed inhaled corticosteroids: A cross sectional study.
Intakes of apple juice, fruit drinks and soda are associated with prevalent asthma in US children aged 2-9 years.
Serum apolipoprotein A-I and large high-density lipoprotein particles are positively correlated with FEV1 in atopic asthma.
Effects of short-term oral corticosteroid intake on dietary intake, body weight and body composition in adults with asthma - a randomized controlled trial.
Differential gene expression profiles of peripheral blood mononuclear cells in childhood asthma.
Genetic variation within the histamine pathway among patients with asthma--a pilot study.
The impact of combat deployment on asthma diagnosis and severity.
Epigenome variation in severe asthma.
Allergy immunotherapy restores airway epithelial barrier dysfunction through suppressing IL-25 -induced endoplasmic reticulum stress in asthma.
Lipopolysaccharide Exposure Alleviates Asthma in Mice by Regulating Th1/Th2 and Treg/Th17 Balance.
Vitamin A and D intake in pregnancy, infant supplementation, and asthma development: the Norwegian Mother and Child Cohort.
Inhibition of transient receptor potential melastatin 8 alleviates airway inflammation and remodeling in a murine model of asthma with cold air stimulus.
Fluticasone Propionate/Salmeterol MDPI (AirDuo RespiClick<sup>®</sup>): A Review in Asthma.
Medication adherence in pediatric asthma: A systematic review of the literature.
Staphylococcal superantigen-specific IgE antibodies: degree of sensitization and association with severity of asthma.
[Effect of triggering receptor expressed on myeloid cells 2 overexpression on airway inflammation and remodeling in mice with allergic asthma].
Adenovirus-mediated Foxp3 expression in lung epithelial cells reduces airway inflammation in ovalbumin and cockroach-induced asthma model.
Urban caregiver empowerment: Caregiver nativity, child-asthma symptoms, and emergency-department use.
Sputum Leucine-Rich Alpha-2 Glycoprotein as a Marker of Airway Inflammation in Asthma.
Safety of Adding Salmeterol to Fluticasone Propionate in Children with Asthma.
Biomarkers in Occupational Asthma.
Predictive value of exhaled nitric oxide in the management of asthma: a systematic review.
Association Between Unconventional Natural Gas Development in the Marcellus Shale and Asthma Exacerbations.
A 1-day visit in a severe asthma centre: effect on asthma control, quality of life and healthcare use.
e-Monitoring of Asthma Therapy to Improve Compliance in children (e-MATIC): a randomised controlled trial.
The role of socioeconomic position as an effect-modifier of the association between outdoor air pollution and children's asthma exacerbations: an equity-focused systematic review.
Mediating pathways from central obesity to childhood asthma: a population-based longitudinal study.
Preformulation and Evaluation of Tofacitinib as a Therapeutic Treatment for Asthma.
The role of the TGF-SMAD signalling pathway in the etiopathogenesis of severe asthma.
Diagnostic accuracy of fractional exhaled nitric oxide in asthma: a systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Rhinovirus induction of fractalkine (CX3CL1) in airway and peripheral blood mononuclear cells in asthma.
Serum Eosinophil Cationic Protein Is a Useful Marker for Assessing the Efficacy of Inhaled Corticosteroid Therapy in Children with Bronchial Asthma.
Patterns of use of dry powder inhalers versus pressurized metered-dose inhalers devices in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease or asthma: An observational comparative study.
Budesonide + formoterol delivered via Spiromax<sup>®</sup> for the management of asthma and COPD: The potential impact on unscheduled healthcare costs of improving inhalation technique compared with Turbuhaler<sup>®</sup>.
Multidisciplinary Consensus on the Nonadherence to Clinical Management of Inhaled Therapy in Spanish asthma patients.
Utilization of simulated patients to assess diabetes and asthma counseling practices among community pharmacists in Qatar.
Early smoke exposure is associated with asthma and lung function deficits in adolescents.
Double-blind randomised placebo-controlled trial of bolus-dose vitamin D3 supplementation in adults with asthma (ViDiAs).
Efficacy of high-dose vitamin D in pediatric asthma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Vocal cord dysfunction in bronchial asthma. A review article.
Effect of montelukast on markers of airway remodeling in children with asthma.
Long-Term Inhaled Corticosteroid Adherence in Asthma Patients with Short-Term Adherence.
Effects of omega-3 fatty acids on serum levels of T-helper cytokines in children with asthma.
Thymoquinone inhibits inflammation, neoangiogenesis and vascular remodeling in asthma mice.
The asthma mobile health study, smartphone data collected using ResearchKit.
As-Needed Budesonide-Formoterol versus Maintenance Budesonide in Mild Asthma.
Meta-analysis of airway epithelium gene expression in asthma.
Dose-Exposure-Response Relationship of the Investigational Anti-Interleukin-13 Monoclonal Antibody Tralokinumab in Patients With Severe, Uncontrolled Asthma.
Literature review of gender differences in respiratory conditions: a focus on asthma and Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD).
[Association between polymorphism of ADAM33 gene and bronchial asthma in Mongolian population].
[Influencing factors and evaluation indicators for asthma control level in children].
Targeted Therapy for Older Patients with Uncontrolled Severe Asthma: Current and Future Prospects.
Associations between asthma, overweight and physical activity in children: a cross-sectional study.
Serious Asthma Events with Budesonide plus Formoterol vs. Budesonide Alone.
Discrepancies between asthma control criteria in asthmatic patients with and without obesity.
The Cost-effectiveness of Varicella Zoster Virus Vaccination Considering Late Onset Asthma.
Sex differences in the association between neck circumference and asthma.
Not All Coughs Are Asthma or Allergies: Churg-Strauss Syndrome.
Risk of congenital anomalies after exposure to asthma medication in the first trimester of pregnancy - a cohort linkage study.
Treatment response with mepolizumab in severe eosinophilic asthma patients with previous omalizumab treatment.
Asthma, COPD and comorbidities in elderly people.
[NONSPECIFIC SENSITIVITY OF THE BRONCHES IN PATIENTS WITH BRONCHIAL ASTHMA AND RESPIRATORY ASYMPTOMATIC CHILDREN].
Biologic therapy in asthma: entering the new age of personalized medicine.
Bronchial thermoplasty reduces gas trapping in severe asthma.
Efficacy and tolerability of a house dust mite allergoid in allergic bronchial asthma: a randomized dose-ranging trial.
[Evaluation of inhaler techniques in patients with asthma and chronic obstructive disease].
Changes in the breath sound spectrum with bronchodilation in children with asthma.
IFNβ inhibits the development of allergen tolerance and is conducive to the development of asthma on subsequent allergen exposure.
Short course of grass allergen peptides immunotherapy over 3 weeks reduces seasonal symptoms in allergic rhinoconjunctivitis with/without asthma: A randomized, multicenter, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
Wheezing exacerbations in early childhood: evaluation, treatment, and recent advances relevant to the genesis of asthma.
Defining asthma-COPD overlap syndrome: a population-based study.
Severe asthma in adolescents and adults: a national, multicenter registry in real life.
Can inflammatory markers in induced sputum be used to detect phenotypes and endotypes of pediatric severe therapy-resistant asthma?
[Thunderstorm and asthma outbreaks during pollen season].
Analysis of mechanism of PM2.5 and house dust mite antigen Der p1 in attack stage of child asthma.
The Absence of Interferon-β Promotor Stimulator-1 (IPS-1) Predisposes to Bronchiolitis and Asthma-like Pathology in Response to Pneumoviral Infection in Mice.
Association of single-nucleotide polymorphisms in toll-like receptor 2 gene with asthma susceptibility: A meta-analysis.
Breastfeeding, maternal asthma and wheezing in the first year of life: a longitudinal birth cohort study.
ORMDL3 is associated with airway remodeling in asthma via the ERK/MMP-9 pathway.
Precision medicine in asthma: the role of bronchial thermoplasty.
A pathway-based association study reveals variants from Wnt signalling genes contributing to asthma susceptibility.
The Urban-Rural Gradient In Asthma: A Population-Based Study in Northern Europe.
Anti-IgE treatment, airway inflammation and remodelling in severe allergic asthma: current knowledge and future perspectives.
Methacholine challenge testing is superior to the exercise challenge for detecting asthma in children.
Childhood asthma prediction models: a systematic review.
The Stress of Caring for Children With Asthma: A Qualitative Study of Primary Caregivers.
Using the Health Belief Model to Understand School Nurse Asthma Management.
Risk of developing Parkinson's disease among patients with asthma: a nationwide longitudinal study.
Prenatal antibiotic use and risk of childhood wheeze/asthma: A meta-analysis.
CTNNA3 and SEMA3D: Promising loci for asthma exacerbation identified through multiple genome-wide association studies.
The role of the small airways in the pathophysiology of asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
IL-17RA Signaling in Airway Inflammation and Bronchial Hyperreactivity in Allergic Asthma.
Is drug insurance status an effect modifier in epidemiologic database studies? The case of maternal asthma and major congenital malformations.
Food consumption and risk of childhood asthma.
Hyperventilation syndrome in adolescents with and without asthma.
Vocal cord dysfunction diagnosed by four-dimensional dynamic volume computed tomography in patients with difficult-to-treat asthma: A case series.
Biological therapy-associated adverse reactions in asthma: analysis of reporting to the Portuguese pharmacovigilance system.
Effect of prenatal waterpipe tobacco smoke on airway inflammation in murine model of asthma of adult offspring mice.
A 6-month safety and efficacy study of fluticasone propionate and fluticasone propionate/salmeterol multidose dry powder inhalers in persistent asthma.
Benralizumab as a potential treatment of asthma.
Vocal Symptoms and Voice Quality in Children With Allergy and Asthma.
House dust mite-driven asthma and allergen-specific T cells depend on B cells when the amount of inhaled allergen is limiting.
Bcl11b is essential for licensing Th2 differentiation during helminth infection and allergic asthma.
Damp housing, gas stoves, and the burden of childhood asthma in Australia.
Validity of Asthma Control Test in Assessing Asthma Control in Czech Outpatient Setting.
"Why Didn't it Work?" Lessons From a Randomized Controlled Trial of a Web-based Personally Controlled Health Management System for Adults with Asthma.
Increased Protease-Activated Receptor-2 (PAR-2) Expression on CD14++CD16+ Peripheral Blood Monocytes of Patients with Severe Asthma.
Pentraxin 3 sputum levels differ in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease vs asthma.
Roflumilast for asthma: Efficacy findings in placebo-controlled studies.
Polymorphisms of RAD50, IL33 and IL1RL1 are associated with atopic asthma in Chinese population.
Household Food Insecurity is Associated with Childhood Asthma.
Roflumilast for asthma: Efficacy findings in non-placebo-controlled comparator and dosing studies.
Induced sputum supernatant bioactive lipid mediators can identify subtypes of asthma.
A tiered asthma hazard characterization and exposure assessment approach for evaluation of consumer product ingredients.
Acute and chronic systemic corticosteroid-related complications in patients with severe asthma.
Effect of Disease Severity in Asthma and Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease on Inhaler-Specific Inhalation Profiles Through the ELLIPTA® Dry Powder Inhaler.
In Vitro Dosing Performance of the ELLIPTA® Dry Powder Inhaler Using Asthma and COPD Patient Inhalation Profiles Replicated with the Electronic Lung (eLung™).
Allergy immunotherapy for allergic rhinitis effectively prevents asthma: Results from a large retrospective cohort study.
Future Research Directions in Asthma. An NHLBI Working Group Report.
Maternal nutrition during pregnancy and risk of asthma, wheeze, and atopic diseases during childhood: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Adverse Childhood Events are Related to the Prevalence of Asthma and Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disorder Among Adult Women in Hawaii.
Predicting asthma morbidity in children using proposed markers of Th2-type inflammation.
Double-stranded RNA evokes exacerbation in a mouse model of corticosteroid refractory asthma.
Allergic sensitization is age-dependently associated with rhinitis, but less so with asthma.
Primary airway epithelial cell culture and asthma in children-lessons learnt and yet to come.
The association of intrafamilial violence against children with symptoms of atopic and non-atopic asthma: A cross-sectional study in Salvador, Brazil.
Decline in admissions for childhood asthma, a 26-year period population-based study.
SPINK5 and ADRB2 haplotypes are risk factors for asthma in Mexican pediatric patients.
Comparison of clinical effects of beclomethasone dipropionate & budesonide in treatment of children with mild persistent asthma: A double-blind, randomized, controlled study.
Asthma and Rhinitis Are Associated with Less Objectively-Measured Moderate and Vigorous Physical Activity, but Similar Sport Participation, in Adolescent German Boys: GINIplus and LISAplus Cohorts.
Evaluation of the PPAR-γ Agonist Pioglitazone in Mild Asthma: A Double-Blind Randomized Controlled Trial.
[Changes in proportion and function of peripheral CD4(+)LAP(+) regulatory T cells in children with asthma].
Mycobacterium vaccae Nebulization Can Protect against Asthma in Balb/c Mice by Regulating Th9 Expression.
Association of HLA-DRB1 Gene Polymorphism with Risk of Asthma: A Meta-Analysis.
Plasma Inflammatory Cytokine IL-4, IL-8, IL-10, and TNF-α Levels Correlate with Pulmonary Function in Patients with Asthma-Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) Overlap Syndrome.
Home telemonitoring and remote feedback between clinic visits for asthma.
Regulation of CBL and ESR1 expression by microRNA-22‑3p, 513a-5p and 625-5p may impact the pathogenesis of dust mite-induced pediatric asthma.
Persistence with inhaled corticosteroids reduces the risk of exacerbation among adults with asthma: A real-world investigation.
Childhood Exposure to Ambient Air Pollutants and the Onset of Asthma: An Administrative Cohort Study in Québec.
Reduction of Asthmatic Parameters by Sea Hare Hydrolysates in a Mouse Model of Allergic Asthma.
SKI3301, a purified herbal extract from Sophora tonkinensis, inhibited airway inflammation and bronchospasm in allergic asthma animal models in vivo.
Connexin43 Controls the Myofibroblastic Differentiation of Bronchial Fibroblasts from Patients with Asthma.
Psychosocial Factors in Severe Pediatric Asthma.
Reduction in emergency department visits for children's asthma, ear infections, and respiratory infections after the introduction of state smoke-free legislation.
Vitamin E and the risk of childhood asthma.
Clinical and Immunological Benefits of OM-85 Bacterial Lysate in Patients with Allergic Rhinitis, Asthma, and COPD and Recurrent Respiratory Infections.
Common aeroallergens in patients with asthma and allergic rhinitis living in southwestern part of Iran: based on skin prick test reactivity.
Asthma education: different viewpoints elicited by qualitative and quantitative methods.
Evaluation of asthma control, parents' quality of life and preference between AeroChamber Plus and AeroChamber Plus Flow-Vu spacers in young children with asthma.
Urbanization factors associated with childhood asthma and prematurity: a population-based analysis aged from 0 to 5 years in Taiwan by using Cox regression within a hospital cluster model.
Assessing asthma control and associated risk factors among persons with current asthma - findings from the child and adult Asthma Call-back Survey.
Internet-based self-management support for adults with asthma: a qualitative study among patients, general practitioners and practice nurses on barriers to implementation.
Association of a PAI-1 Gene Polymorphism and Early Life Infections with Asthma Risk, Exacerbations, and Reduced Lung Function.
The link between chronic rhinosinusitis and asthma: A questionnaire-based study.
Low-grade disease activity in early life precedes childhood asthma and allergy.
RNA INTERFERENCE: NEW APPROACH TO THE TREATMENT OF ALLERGIC ASTHMA (A REVIEW).
Biologic therapy in the management of asthma.
Mepolizumab: A Review in Eosinophilic Asthma.
Influences of Socioeconomic Status on Costs of Asthma Under Universal Health Coverage.
Is ventilation heterogeneity related to asthma control?
Insulin resistance modifies the association between obesity and current asthma in adults.
Progression from Asthma to Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease. Is Air Pollution a Risk Factor?
The Effect of Cigarette Smoking on Lung Function in Young Adults with Asthma.
Interaction between allergic asthma and atherosclerosis.
Suppressive effects of type I angiotensin receptor antagonists, candesartan and irbesartan on allergic asthma.
Structural Modulation of Gut Microbiota in Rats with Allergic Bronchial Asthma Treated with Recuperating Lung Decoction.
Innate Immunity and Asthma Risk in Amish and Hutterite Farm Children.
A case-control study of innate immunity pathway gene polymorphisms in Puerto Ricans reveals association of toll-like receptor 2 +596 variant with asthma.
Emerging Biologics in Severe Asthma.
Chronic Infection and Severe Asthma.
Antileukotriene Agents Versus Long-Acting Beta-Agonists in Older Adults with Persistent Asthma: A Comparison of Add-On Therapies.
Breastfeeding and asthma outcomes at the age of 6 years: The Generation R Study.
Tiotropium add-on therapy in adolescents with moderate asthma: A 1-year randomized controlled trial.
Perceptions of Asthma Quality of Life in Children and Parent Dyads in Two Rural Counties in West Virginia.
[Feline asthma and chronic bronchitis - an overview of diagnostics and therapy].
Role of CD1d- and MR1-Restricted T Cells in Asthma.
Genetic polymorphisms of Th2 interleukins, history of asthma or eczema and childhood acute lymphoid leukaemia: Findings from the ESCALE study (SFCE).
Geographic variation in inhaled corticosteroid use for children with persistent asthma in Medicaid.
Tropical pulmonary eosinophilia masquerading as asthma in a 5-year-old girl.
The Genetics and Genomics of Asthma.
Fenofibrate Reduces the Asthma-Related Fibroblast-To-Myofibroblast Transition by TGF-Β/Smad2/3 Signaling Attenuation and Connexin 43-Dependent Phenotype Destabilization.
Repurposing drugs as inhaled therapies in asthma.
Short-term exposure to PM<sub>2.5</sub> and vanadium and changes in asthma gene DNA methylation and lung function decrements among urban children.
Maternal asthma: Management strategies.
Palivizumab Exposure and the Risk of Atopic Dermatitis, Asthma and Allergic Rhinoconjunctivitis: A Cross-National, Population-Based Cohort Study.
Management of preschool recurrent wheezing and asthma: a phenotype-based approach.
Developmental defects of enamel in first permanent molars associated with use of asthma drugs in preschool aged children: A retrospective case-control study.
Strategies to alter the natural history of childhood asthma.
Use of aquaporins 1 and 5 levels as a diagnostic marker in mild-to-moderate adult-onset asthma.
The Role of Type 2 Inflammation in the Pathogenesis of Asthma Exacerbations.
Strengthening the delivery of asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease care at primary health-care facilities: study design of a cluster randomized controlled trial in Pakistan.
Anxiety but not depression symptoms are associated with greater perceived dyspnea in asthma during bronchoconstriction.
Severe asthma: epidemiology, burden of illness, and heterogeneity.
Popular on YouTube: a critical appraisal of the educational quality of information regarding asthma.
Type 2 innate lymphoid cells: A novel biomarker of eosinophilic airway inflammation in patients with mild to moderate asthma.
Persistent airflow obstruction in patients with asthma: Characteristics of a distinct clinical phenotype.
Asthma and asthma medication use among 4-year-old offspring of subfertile couples--association with IVF?
Maternal Folic Acid Supplementation During Pregnancy and Early Childhood Asthma.
Clinical and inflammatory characteristics of the European U-BIOPRED adult severe asthma cohort.
Effects of Bronchial Thermoplasty on Airway Smooth Muscle and Collagen Deposition in Asthma.
Adolescent and parental perceptions about asthma and asthma management: a dyadic qualitative analysis.
The Effect of Viral Infection on Exhaled Nitric Oxide in Children with Acute Asthma Exacerbations.
Low eosinophils during bronchiolitis in infancy are associated with lower risk of adulthood asthma.
An Examination of the Indirect Effect of Anxiety Sensitivity in terms of Asthma and Smoking Cessation Processes.
Asthma deaths in children in New South Wales 2004-2013: Could we have done more?
Stress and Quality of Life in Urban Caregivers of Children With Poorly Controlled Asthma: A Longitudinal Analysis.
Risk of Asthma in Late Preterm Infants: A Propensity Score Approach.
Dietary patterns and asthma prevalence, incidence and control.
Sensitization pattern of inhalant allergens in children with asthma who are living different altitudes in Turkey.
Saharan dust, climate variability, and asthma in Grenada, the Caribbean.
Barriers to medication use in rural underserved patients with asthma.
Genome-wide association studies (GWAS) and their importance in asthma.
All plugged up - noninvasive mucus score to assess airway dysfunction in asthma.
The Influence of Setting on Care Coordination for Childhood Asthma.
Virus/Allergen Interaction in Asthma Exacerbation.
The Correlation between Chitin and Acidic Mammalian Chitinase in Animal Models of Allergic Asthma.
Asthma characteristics and biomarkers from the Airways Disease Endotyping for Personalized Therapeutics (ADEPT) longitudinal profiling study.
The Contribution of Interleukin-10 Promoter Genotypes to Susceptibility to Asthma in Adults.
Serum eosinophil-derived neurotoxin: correlation with persistent airflow limitation in adults with house-dust mite allergic asthma.
Blood eosinophil count and prospective annual asthma disease burden: a UK cohort study.
Early life exposure to ambient air pollution and childhood asthma in China.
Childhood wheezing, asthma, allergy, atopy, and lung function: different socioeconomic patterns for different phenotypes.
Serum club cell protein 16 is associated with asymptomatic airway responsiveness in adults: Findings from the French epidemiological study on the genetics and environment of asthma.
Combined effects of mild-to-moderate obesity and asthma on physiological and sensory responses to exercise.
The effect of Varenicline on smoking cessation in a group of young asthma patients.
Decreased FOXP3 mRNA expression in children with atopic asthma and IgE-mediated food allergy.
Maternal asthma medication use during pregnancy and risk of congenital heart defects.
The burden of severe asthma in childhood and adolescence: results from the paediatric U-BIOPRED cohorts.
The impact of anxiety and depression on outpatients with asthma.
The effect of asthma on the perimeter of the airway basement membrane.
Exhaled Nitric Oxide Decreases during Academic Examination Stress in Asthma.
Reality and understanding of asthma control.
No association between vitamin D and atopy, asthma, lung function or atopic dermatitis: a prospective study in adults.
Factors Associated with Asthma Self-Management in African American Adolescents.
A pathophysiological approach for FeNO: A biomarker for asthma.
Associations of IL-2 and IL-4 Expression and Polymorphisms With the Risks of Mycoplasma pneumoniae Infection and Asthma in Children.
Economic burden of chronic conditions among households in Myanmar: the case of angina and asthma.
Yoga for asthma.
Current concepts of severe asthma.
[Children and Adolescents with Asthma Differ in Lung Function Parameters and Exhaled NO from Children and Adolescents with Obesity].
Improved Guideline Adherence With Integrated Sickle Cell Disease and Asthma Care.
Transcriptional Profiling of Th2 Cells Identifies Pathogenic Features Associated with Asthma.
Bronchial thermoplasty and biological therapy as targeted treatments for severe uncontrolled asthma.
Dupilumab efficacy and safety in adults with uncontrolled persistent asthma despite use of medium-to-high-dose inhaled corticosteroids plus a long-acting β2 agonist: a randomised double-blind placebo-controlled pivotal phase 2b dose-ranging trial.
Asthma-Related School Absenteeism, Morbidity, and Modifiable Factors.
Evaluating Emergency Department Asthma Management Practices in Florida Hospitals.
Asthma Care Quality Measures at Children's Hospitals and Asthma-Related Outcomes.
Rapid Evolution of Primate Type 2 Immune Response Factors Linked to Asthma Susceptibility.
Interleukin 33 exacerbates antigen driven airway hyperresponsiveness, inflammation and remodeling in a mouse model of asthma.
Epithelial-Derived Cytokines in Asthma.
The Impact of a Clinical Asthma Pathway on Resident Education.
Advances in pediatric asthma in 2014: Moving toward a population health perspective.
The association between asthma and rhinitis is stable over time despite diverging trends in prevalence.
Novel biomarkers for asthma stratification and personalized therapy.
Respiratory tract dendritic cells in paediatric asthma.
Associations between central obesity and asthma in children and adolescents: a case-control study.
[Correlation of fractional exhaled nitric oxide in the upper and lower airways with the level of asthma control].
Transcriptome networks identify mechanisms of viral and nonviral asthma exacerbations in children.
Adjusting prednisone using blood eosinophils reduces exacerbations and improves asthma control in difficult patients with asthma.
Aberrant Expression of Novel Cytokine IL-38 and Regulatory T Lymphocytes in Childhood Asthma.
Ligustrazine improves blood circulation by suppressing Platelet activation in a rat model of allergic asthma.
The evaluation of neutrophil-lymphocyte ratio in children with asthma.
[Serum levels of ANP signaling in different degree of allergic asthmatics and its role in the pathogenesis of allergic asthma].
An imperfect "PAST" Lessons learned from the National Review of Asthma Deaths (NRAD) UK.
Ketamine Inhalation Ameliorates Ovalbumin-Induced Murine Asthma by Suppressing the Epithelial-Mesenchymal Transition.
[Expression profiles of PI3K, NF-κB, and STAT1 in peripheral blood mononuclear cells in children with bronchial asthma].
Smoking Cessation and the Microbiome in Induced Sputum Samples from Cigarette Smoking Asthma Patients.
Association of Different Human Rhinovirus Species with Asthma in Children: A Preliminary Study.
The Risk Factors and Clinical Course of Asthma with Fixed Airflow Limitation.
Economic Burden of Illness Among Patients with Severe Asthma in a Managed Care Setting.
Long-Acting Muscarinic Antagonists for Difficult-to-Treat Asthma: Emerging Evidence and Future Directions.
Pediatric asthma medication therapy management through community pharmacy and primary care collaboration.
Explaining Racial Disparities in Child Asthma Readmission Using a Causal Inference Approach.
Cost-Effectiveness Analysis of Omalizumab for the Treatment of Severe Persistent Asthma in Real Clinical Practice in Spain.
The cardiomyocyte protein αT-catenin contributes to asthma through regulating pulmonary vein inflammation.
Toll-like Receptor 7 Is Reduced in Severe Asthma and Linked to an Altered MicroRNA Profile.
Patients' needs in asthma treatment: development and initial validation of the NEAT questionnaire.
Maternal complications and the management of asthma in pregnancy.
The prevalence of asthma and atopy in schoolchildren from Porto Alegre, Brazil, has plateaued.
Development and internal validation of a pediatric acute asthma prediction rule for hospitalization.
Symptom- and fraction of exhaled nitric oxide-driven strategies for asthma control: A cluster-randomized trial in primary care.
Development and initial testing of Asthma Predictive Index for a retrospective study: an exploratory study.
Frequency of Asthma and Atopic Diseases in Inflammatory Bowel Disease and Celiac Disease.
Complementary and alternative medicine use in children with asthma.
Prevalence and associated factors for asthma in Brazilian and Japanese schoolchildren living in the city of São Paulo, Brazil.
Targeted inhibition of GATA-6 attenuates airway inflammation and remodeling by regulating caveolin-1 through TLR2/MyD88/NF-κB in murine model of asthma.
Emergence of Biomolecular Pathways to Define Novel Asthma Phenotypes. Type-2 Immunity and Beyond.
Cost-effectiveness of FENO-based and web-based monitoring in paediatric asthma management: a randomised controlled trial.
Preconceptional exposure to oral contraceptive pills and the risk of wheeze, asthma and rhinitis in children.
The IL6R gene polymorphisms are associated with sIL-6R, IgE and lung function in Chinese patients with asthma.
The role of ORMDL proteins, guardians of cellular sphingolipids, in asthma.
Mesenchymal Stem Cells Induce Suppressive Macrophages Through Phagocytosis in a Mouse Model of Asthma.
SMC3 may play an important role in atopic asthma development.
Safety and tolerability of once-daily tiotropium Respimat(®) as add-on to at least inhaled corticosteroids in adult patients with symptomatic asthma: A pooled safety analysis.
Redefining Approaches to Asthma: Bridging the Gap Between Heparin and Its Anti-inflammatory Activities.
A comparative evaluation of dental caries status and salivary properties of children aged 5-14 years undergoing treatment for acute lymphoblastic leukemia, type I diabetes mellitus, and asthma - <i>In vivo</i>.
[Omalizumab in children with uncontrolled asthma: a real-life study carried out in Colombia].
Feasibility of structured light plethysmography for the evaluation of lung function in preschool children with asthma.
Childhood Asthma Disparities in Chicago: Developing Approaches to Health Inequities.
Posttranscriptional Regulation of Interleukin-33 Expression by MicroRNA-200 in Bronchial Asthma.
Exploding asthma and ADHD caseloads: The role of medicaid managed care.
Genome-Wide Posttranscriptional Dysregulation by MicroRNAs in Human Asthma as Revealed by Frac-seq.
Endothelial cells in the innate response to allergens and initiation of atopic asthma.
Progressive increase in allergen concentration abrogates immune tolerance in ovalbumin-induced murine model of chronic asthma.
Children with severe acute asthma admitted to Dutch PICUs: A changing landscape.
The effects of transient receptor potential channel (TRPC) on airway smooth muscle cell isolated from asthma model mice.
Orosomucoid-like 3 (ORMDL3) upregulates airway smooth muscle proliferation, contraction, and Ca<sup>2+</sup> oscillations in asthma.
Serum levels of epithelial-derived mediators and interleukin-4/interleukin-13 signaling after bronchial challenge with Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus in patients with allergic asthma.
Role of Neutrophil Extracellular Traps in Asthma and Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease.
Acetaminophen use and asthma in children.
Bronchoalveolar lavage fluid neutrophilia is associated with the severity of pulmonary lesions during equine asthma exacerbations.
Beta-2 adrenergic receptors increase TREG cell suppression in an OVA-induced allergic asthma mouse model when mice are moderate aerobically exercised.
The Diagnostic Accuracy of Fractional Exhaled Nitric Oxide Testing in Asthma: A Systematic Review and Meta-analyses.
[Efficacy of standardized sublingual immunotherapy of allergic asthma with rhinitis in children between different age groups].
CORRELATION BETWEEN SPIROMETRY DATES AND SPECIAL ALLERGEN- SPECIFIC IGE IN PATIENTS WITH BRONCHIAL ASTHMA IN WEST GEORGIA.
Benralizumab for the treatment of asthma.
Coexistence of obesity and asthma determines a distinct respiratory metabolic phenotype.
Halotherapy as asthma treatment in children: A randomized, controlled, prospective pilot study.
Evaluating the Validity of an Automated Device for Asthma Monitoring for Adolescents: Correlational Design.
Predicting asthma outcomes.
Omalizumab in Japanese children with severe allergic asthma uncontrolled with standard therapy.
Expression of CysLT2 receptors in asthma lung, and their possible role in bronchoconstriction.
Drug therapies in severe asthma - the era of stratified medicine.
Do asthma patients with panic disorder really have worse asthma? A comparison of physiological and psychological responses to a methacholine challenge.
Early Respiratory Infections and the Development of Asthma in the First 27 Years of Life.
Relationship between in utero C-reactive protein levels and asthma in at-risk children.
The airway microbiome in patients with severe asthma: Associations with disease features and severity.
Total specific airway resistance vs spirometry in asthma evaluation in children in a large real-life population.
Sequence variants on 17q21 are associated with the susceptibility of asthma in the population of Lahore, Pakistan.
Does urban land-use increase risk of asthma symptoms?
Pulmonary Delivery of siRNA via Polymeric Vectors as Therapies of Asthma.
Cyclic nitroxide radicals attenuate inflammation and Hyper-responsiveness in a mouse model of allergic asthma.
Increases in peripheral SIRT1: a new biological characteristic of asthma.
Childhood asthma is associated with mutations and gene expression differences of ORMDL genes that can interact.
Good Sleep Health in Urban Children With Asthma: A Risk and Resilience Approach.
Correlation between CCL26 production by human bronchial epithelial cells and airway eosinophils: Involvement in patients with severe eosinophilic asthma.
Magnitude of effect of asthma treatments on Asthma Quality of Life Questionnaire and Asthma Control Questionnaire scores: Systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Polymorphisms related to ORMDL3 are associated with asthma susceptibility, alterations in transcriptional regulation of ORMDL3, and changes in TH2 cytokine levels.
Aberrant ORM (yeast)-like protein isoform 3 (ORMDL3) expression dysregulates ceramide homeostasis in cells and ceramide exacerbates allergic asthma in mice.
Spirometry and regular follow-up do not improve quality of life in children or adolescents with asthma: Cluster randomized controlled trials.
PARP-1 Is Critical for Recruitment of Dendritic Cells to the Lung in a Mouse Model of Asthma but Dispensable for Their Differentiation and Function.
Semaphorin 3E Inhibits House Dust Mite-Induced Angiogenesis in a Mouse Model of Allergic Asthma.
PI3Kδ contributes to ER stress-associated asthma through ER-redox disturbances: the involvement of the RIDD-RIG-I-NF-κB axis.
Therapeutic Effects of a Long-Acting Cholinergic Receptor Blocker, Tiotropium Bromide, on Asthma.
Predictors of inappropriate and excessive use of reliever medications in asthma: a 16-year population-based study.
Plasmacytoid dendritic cells protect from viral bronchiolitis and asthma through semaphorin 4a-mediated T reg expansion.
Role of epigenetics and DNA-damage in asthma.
Clinical course of asthma patients with H1N1 influenza infection and oseltamivir.
Role of metalloproteinases MMP-2 in asthma.
Correlational study on atmospheric concentrations of fine particulate matter and children cough variant asthma.
Chloral hydrate for sedation of children with asthma during dental treatment.
A Multifactorial Weight Reduction Programme for Children with Overweight and Asthma: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
GP utilisation by education level among adults with COPD or asthma: a cross-sectional register-based study.
Association between Asthma and Autism Spectrum Disorder: A Meta-Analysis.
Hormetic Effect of Chronic Hypergravity in a Mouse Model of Allergic Asthma and Rhinitis.
The role of allergy immunotherapy in the treatment of asthma.
Asthma and bronchiectasis exacerbation.
Long-term prognosis of asthma, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, and asthma-chronic obstructive pulmonary disease overlap in the Copenhagen City Heart study: a prospective population-based analysis.
The role of airway hyperresponsiveness measured by methacholine challenge test in defining asthma severity in asthma-obesity syndrome.
Predictors of asthma control in elderly patients.
Epidemiology of asthma.
The challenge of measuring IL-33 in serum using commercial ELISA: lessons from asthma.
Migrant status and childhood hospitalizations for asthma and other wheezing disorders.
Nuclear factor-κB mediates the phenotype switching of airway smooth muscle cells in a murine asthma model.
TNFα-blockade stabilizes local airway hyperresponsiveness during TLR-induced exacerbations in murine model of asthma.
Modification of additive effect between vitamins and ETS on childhood asthma risk according to GSTP1 polymorphism: a cross -sectional study.
Caregiver treatment satisfaction is improved together with children's asthma control: Prospective study for budesonide monotherapy in school-aged children with uncontrolled asthma symptoms.
Indicators of violence and asthma: An ecological study.
Obesity, low levels of physical activity and smoking present opportunities for primary care asthma interventions: an analysis of baseline data from The Asthma Tools Study.
Diet, interleukin-17, and childhood asthma in Puerto Ricans.
Hypnosis for Asthma and Vocal Cord Dysfunction in a Patient With Autism.
Estrogen and progesterone decrease let-7f microRNA expression and increase IL-23/IL-23 receptor signaling and IL-17A production in patients with severe asthma.
SP600125 promotes resolution of allergic airway inflammation via TLR9 in an OVA-induced murine acute asthma model.
eQTL of bronchial epithelial cells and bronchial alveolar lavage deciphers GWAS-identified asthma genes.
The Canadian Healthy Infant Longitudinal Development (CHILD) Study: examining developmental origins of allergy and asthma.
The added effect of comorbidity on health-related quality of life in patients with asthma.
Effect of ADRB2 (adrenergic receptor β2) gene polymorphisms on the occurrence of asthma and on the response to nebulized salbutamol in South Indian patients with bronchial asthma.
Genome-wide expression profiles identify potential targets for gene-environment interactions in asthma severity.
Nutritional status, adiposity and asthma severity and control in children.
[Genetic and environmental factors of asthma and allergy: Results of the EGEA study].
Dedicated severe asthma services improve health-care use and quality of life.
Maternal intimate partner violence exposure, child cortisol reactivity and child asthma.
Longitudinal associations between asthma and general and abdominal weight status among Norwegian adolescents and young adults: the HUNT Study.
Asthma phenotypes and the use of biologic medications in asthma and allergic disease: the next steps toward personalized care.
Heterogeneity in asthma care in a statewide collaborative: the Ohio Pediatric Asthma Repository.
Asthma prevalence among Hispanic adults in Puerto Rico and Hispanic adults of Puerto Rican descent in the United States - results from two national surveys.
Omalizumab (anti-IgE) therapy in the asthma-COPD overlap syndrome (ACOS) and its effects on circulating cytokine levels.
Effect of treatment with geraniol on ovalbumin-induced allergic asthma in mice.
An item-level response shift study on the change of health state with the rating of asthma-specific quality of life: a report from the PROMIS(®) Pediatric Asthma Study.
The enigmatic role of IL-22 in asthma.
Changes of Airway Reactivity after Mycoplasma Pneumoniae Infection in Children: A Study for Early Precautions against Pediatric Asthma.
[Evaluation of asthma and COPD awareness in primary care doctors in Turkey].
Metered dose inhaler-spacer use education effects on achieve asthma control in children.
Single nucleotide polymorphisms in the promoter region of mir-133a-1 and in pre-mir-152 rs1707 may contribute to the risk of asthma in a Chinese Han population.
Circulating MicroRNAs: Association with Lung Function in Asthma.
Asthma-chronic obstructive pulmonary disease overlap syndrome in the urban Chinese population: prevalence and disease burden using the 2010, 2012, and 2013 China National Health and Wellness Surveys.
A Systemic Inflammatory Endotype of Asthma With More Severe Disease Identified by Unbiased Clustering of the Serum Cytokine Profile.
[Research advances in gene polymorphisms in biological pathways of drugs for asthma].
Asthma management in British South Asian children: an application of the candidacy framework to a qualitative understanding of barriers to effective and accessible asthma care.
Increased versus stable doses of inhaled corticosteroids for exacerbations of chronic asthma in adults and children.
Pharmacological Management of Elderly Patients with Asthma-Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease Overlap Syndrome: Room for Speculation?
MicroRNAs Involved in Asthma After Mesenchymal Stem Cells Treatment.
Moving towards precision care for childhood asthma.
Association between interleukin-17a gene polymorphisms and asthma risk: a meta-analysis.
Areas with High Rates of Police-Reported Violent Crime Have Higher Rates of Childhood Asthma Morbidity.
Is elective cesarean section associated with a higher risk of asthma? A meta-analysis.
Trends in prevalence and risk factors of childhood asthma in Fuzhou, a city in Southeastern China.
Employed adults with asthma who have frequent workplace exposures.
Findings from a community-based asthma education fair for Latino caregivers.
The Effect of Body Mass Index on Spirometric Parameters in Children with Asthma.
n-3 Fatty acids and asthma.
The Role of the T lymphocytes and Remodeling in Asthma.
Reduced clot retraction rate and altered platelet energy production in patients with asthma.
Multiobjective grammar-based genetic programming applied to the study of asthma and allergy epidemiology.
Neonatal Immunity, Respiratory Virus Infections, and the Development of Asthma.
Beware of beta! A case of salbutamol-induced lactic acidosis in severe asthma.
Efficacy, safety, and dose response of glycopyrronium administered by metered dose inhaler using co-suspension delivery technology in subjects with intermittent or mild-to-moderate persistent asthma: A randomized controlled trial.
Drug Development for Asthma and COPD: A Regulatory Perspective.
Whole-Genome Sequencing of Pharmacogenetic Drug Response in Racially Diverse Children with Asthma.
IgE-expressing memory B cells and plasmablasts are increased in blood of children with asthma, food allergy, and atopic dermatitis.
Towards targeting resolution pathways of airway inflammation in asthma.
Genes Interacting with Occupational Exposures to Low Molecular Weight Agents and Irritants on Adult-Onset Asthma in Three European Studies.
The effectiveness of combining inspiratory muscle training with manual therapy and a therapeutic exercise program on maximum inspiratory pressure in adults with asthma: a randomized clinical trial.
Chrysophanol attenuates airway inflammation and remodeling through nuclear factor-kappa B signaling pathway in asthma.
Precision/Personalized Medicine in Allergic Diseases and Asthma.
Reproducibility and comparison of oxygen-enhanced T1 quantification in COPD and asthma patients.
Reduced risk of pancreatic cancer associated with asthma and nasal allergies.
miR-146a Mimics Attenuate Allergic Airway Inflammation by Impacted Group 2 Innate Lymphoid Cells in an Ovalbumin-Induced Asthma Mouse Model.
Tiotropium for the Treatment of Asthma: Patient Selection and Perspectives.
Dexamethasone alleviates allergic asthma immature rat through Toll like receptor 4.
Recent mass spectrometry-based proteomics for biomarker discovery in lung cancer, COPD, and asthma.
Contribution of rostral fluid shift to intrathoracic airway narrowing in asthma.
Regulation and function of anaphylatoxins and their receptors in allergic asthma.
Barriers and facilitators to asthma self-management in adolescents: A systematic review of qualitative and quantitative studies.
[The prevalence of asthma in children: a comparison between the year of 2010 and 2000 in urban China].
YAP is up-regulated in the bronchial airway smooth muscle of the chronic asthma mouse model.
Asthma and Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease Overlap Syndrome: Doubled Costs Compared with Patients with Asthma Alone.
Recognition and management of asthma in children and young people.
Recent developments regarding periostin in bronchial asthma.
Treatment of overlapping asthma-chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: Can guidelines contribute in an evidence-free zone?
Considerations in difficult-to-control asthma.
Pharmacotherapy for the treatment of asthma: current treatment options and future directions.
Diagnosis of asthma: diagnostic testing.
Comorbidities of asthma and the unified airway.
Should lung biopsies be performed in patients with severe asthma?
National and regional asthma programmes in Europe.
Risk of herpes zoster in children with asthma.
The Misunderstood Asthma of Theodore Roosevelt.
Hyaluronan and Its Heavy Chain Modification in Asthma Severity and Experimental Asthma Exacerbation.
Association between specific IgE to Staphylococcus aureus enterotoxins A and B and asthma control.
Asthma-associated comorbidities in children with and without secondhand smoke exposure.
A summary of the new GINA strategy: a roadmap to asthma control.
Prevalence of eosinophilia in hospitalized patients with asthma exacerbation.
Mapping the urban asthma experience: Using qualitative GIS to understand contextual factors affecting asthma control.
Metabolomic profiling of asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: A pilot study differentiating diseases.
Safety of Fluticasone Propionate Prescribed for Asthma During Pregnancy: A UK Population-Based Cohort Study.
Fast food consumption in pregnancy and subsequent asthma symptoms in young children.
Asthma in Latin America.
Sensitization pattern affects the asthma risk in Finnish adult population.
Effect of different helminth extracts on the development of asthma in mice: The influence of early-life exposure and the role of IL-10 response.
Improvement and prevention of asthma with concomitant treatment of allergic rhinitis and allergen-specific therapy.
[Asthma, indoor and outdoor air pollution: A pilot study in Lebanese school teenagers].
A population-based study of animal component sensitization, asthma, and rhinitis in schoolchildren.
CYT003, a TLR9 agonist, in persistent allergic asthma - a randomized placebo-controlled Phase 2b study.
Getting the basics right resolves most cases of uncontrolled and problematic asthma.
Small-particle Inhaled Corticosteroid as First-line or Step-up Controller Therapy in Childhood Asthma.
Children and Adults With Frequent Hospitalizations for Asthma Exacerbation, 2012-2013: A Multicenter Observational Study.
Cough during infancy and subsequent childhood asthma.
Epidemiology and economic burden of asthma.
Transcriptome analysis of controlled and therapy-resistant childhood asthma reveals distinct gene expression profiles.
Comparison of asthma prevalence among African American teenage youth attending public high schools in rural Georgia and urban Detroit.
Prevalence and characteristics of asthma in the aquatic disciplines.
The effect of geographic access on severe health outcomes for pediatric asthma.
Genetic Deletion of β-Arrestin-2 and the Mitigation of Established Airway Hyperresponsiveness in a Murine Asthma Model.
Bedroom air quality and vacuuming frequency are associated with repeat child asthma hospital admissions.
Assessment of small airway function and reversibility in symptom-controlled asthma in pediatric patients.
Relationship between Serum Level of Endocan and Severity of Childhood Asthma.
[Pharmacological treatment of asthma during pregnancy].
Characterization of pharmacists' interventions in asthma management: A systematic review.
A randomised clinical trial of feedback on inhaler adherence and technique in patients with severe uncontrolled asthma.
Predictors of enhanced response with benralizumab for patients with severe asthma: pooled analysis of the SIROCCO and CALIMA studies.
Association of PM<sub>2.5</sub> with diabetes, asthma, and high blood pressure incidence in Canada: A spatiotemporal analysis of the impacts of the energy generation and fuel sales.
Comprehensive Diagnostic Assessment of Health Status of Patients with Asthma or COPD: A Delphi Panel Study among Dutch Experts.
[Reasearch progress on the role of neutrophils in asthma].
[Interpretation of <i>2016 asthma management and prevention guideline</i>].
[Asthma-COPD overlap syndrome (ACOS)].
Pediatric Obesity-Related Asthma: The Role of Metabolic Dysregulation.
Interactive digital interventions to promote self-management in adults with asthma: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Findings from a pilot Randomised trial of an Asthma Internet Self-management Intervention (RAISIN).
Polymorphisms in the vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) gene associated with asthma.
Associations between inhaler technique and asthma control among asthma patients using pressurised MDIs and DPIs.
Obesity and Asthma: Microbiome-Metabolome Interactions.
Preterm infant growth and asthma at age 8 years.
Virus detection and cytokine profile in relation to age among acute exacerbations of childhood asthma.
Asthma treatments: new and emerging therapies.
Stepwise management of asthma.
Asthma: definitions and pathophysiology.
Asthma risk factors.
Primary Care of the Patient with Asthma.
The talking card: Randomized controlled trial of a novel audio-recording tool for asthma control.
Intranasal administration of CpG oligodeoxynucleotides reduces lower airway inflammation in a murine model of combined allergic rhinitis and asthma syndrome.
Obesity, asthma prevalence and IL-4: Roles of inflammatory cytokines, adiponectin and neuropeptide Y.
Ground zero: not asthma at all.
Management of acute asthma exacerbations.
Anti-IL-4/-13 based therapy in asthma.
Long-term Outcomes After Stepping Down Asthma Controller Medications: A Claims-Based, Time-to-Event Analysis.
Fathers and Asthma Care: Paternal Involvement, Beliefs, and Management Skills.
Diagnosis of asthma: clinical assessment.
A Health-Related Quality of Life Measure for Older Adolescents With Asthma: Child Health Survey for Asthma-T (Teen Version).
Increased body mass index predicts severity of asthma symptoms but not objective asthma traits in a large sample of asthmatics.
Asthma.
Asthma in adolescents--Prevalence trends and associated factors in northeast Brazil.
Nocturnal dry cough in the first 7 years of life is associated with asthma at school age.
A perspective on systemic corticosteroid therapy in severe bronchial asthma in adults.
Interaction Between Helminths and Toll-Like Receptors: Possibilities and Potentials for Asthma Therapy.
Spatio-temporal ozone variation in a case-crossover analysis of childhood asthma hospital visits in New York City.
Novel T-cell epitopes on Schistosoma japonicum SjP40 protein and their preventive effect on allergic asthma in mice.
Use of asthma control indicators in measuring inhaled corticosteroid effectiveness in asthmatic smokers: a systematic review.
Breathing retraining for African-American adolescents with asthma: a pilot study of a school-based randomized controlled trial.
Prevalence of over-/misdiagnosis of asthma in patients referred to an allergy clinic.
A case of uncontrolled severe asthma patient with coexisting carcinoid tumor presenting as pneumomediastinum.
Factors associated with poor control of 9/11-related asthma 10-11 years after the 2001 World Trade Center terrorist attacks.
Cost-effectiveness of asthma therapy: a comprehensive review.
Mobile-based asthma action plans for adolescents.
Comparison of pulmonary function in patients with COPD, asthma-COPD overlap syndrome, and asthma with airflow limitation.
Prevalence of Comorbidities in Asthma and Nonasthma Patients: A Meta-analysis.
Investigation of asthma comorbidity in children with different severities of allergic rhinitis.
Asthma in ear, nose, and throat primary care patients with chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps.
Association between Concentrations of Metals in Urine and Adult Asthma: A Case-Control Study in Wuhan, China.
Determinants and impact of suboptimal asthma control in Europe: The INTERNATIONAL CROSS-SECTIONAL AND LONGITUDINAL ASSESSMENT ON ASTHMA CONTROL (LIAISON) study.
Different oral corticosteroid regimens for acute asthma.
[Role of serum neutrophil elastase determination in the diagnosis of acute exacerbation of asthma in preschool children].
Evaluation of a pharmacist-managed asthma clinic in an Indian Health Service clinic.
Clinical approaches towards asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease based on the heterogeneity of disease pathogenesis.
Serious Asthma Events with Fluticasone plus Salmeterol versus Fluticasone Alone.
Characteristics of heroin-dependent patients seeking asthma care in the ED.
Characterization and redox mechanism of asthma in the elderly.
Developing core economic outcome sets for asthma studies: a protocol for a systematic review.
Case series: the application of "third wave" cognitive behavioural therapies in difficult to treat asthma.
Airway Microbiota and the Implications of Dysbiosis in Asthma.
Endotypes of allergic diseases and asthma: An important step in building blocks for the future of precision medicine.
Gastroesophageal dysmotility is associated with the impairment of cough-specific quality of life in patients with cough variant asthma.
Targeted therapeutics for severe refractory asthma: monoclonal antibodies.
Mouse models of acute exacerbations of allergic asthma.
Relationship between lung function and quantitative computed tomographic parameters of airway remodeling, air trapping, and emphysema in patients with asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: A single-center study.
Cortisol response to acute stress in asthma: Moderation by depressive mood.
Epigenome-modifying tools in asthma.
Two distinct phenotypes of asthma in elite athletes identified by latent class analysis.
Update on reslizumab for eosinophilic asthma.
IL-17 polymorphisms and asthma risk: a meta-analysis of 11 single nucleotide polymorphisms.
The prevalence of asthma work relatedness: Preliminary data.
A snapshot of pharmacist attitudes and behaviors surrounding the management of pediatric asthma.
The Regional Asthma Disease Management Program (RADMP) for low income underserved children in rural western North Carolina: a National Asthma Control Initiative Demonstration Project.
The reliability and utility of spirometry performed on people with asthma in community pharmacies.
Effectiveness of an asthma integrated care program on asthma control and adherence to inhaled corticosteroids.
Evaluation of a statewide medical home program on children and young adults with asthma.
Asthma control and health-related quality of life one year after inpatient pulmonary rehabilitation: the ProKAR Study.
Toward primary prevention of asthma. Reviewing the evidence for early-life respiratory viral infections as modifiable risk factors to prevent childhood asthma.
17q21 gene variation is not associated with asthma in adulthood.
Emerging molecular phenotypes of asthma.
A human monoclonal anti-TNF alpha antibody (adalimumab) reduces airway inflammation and ameliorates lung histology in a murine model of acute asthma.
Dietary inflammatory index is related to asthma risk, lung function and systemic inflammation in asthma.
Pediatric Simulation Cases for Primary Care Providers: Asthma, Anaphylaxis, Seizure in the Office.
Asthma among World Trade Center First Responders: A Qualitative Synthesis and Bias Assessment.
Effects of ozone repeated short exposures on the airway/lung inflammation, airway hyperresponsiveness and mucus production in a mouse model of ovalbumin-induced asthma.
Airway hyperresponsiveness to mannitol and methacholine and exhaled nitric oxide in children with asthma.
Asthmatic adult with marked blood eosinophilia: is it truly asthma?
Sputum proteomics and airway cell transcripts of current and ex-smokers with severe asthma in U-BIOPRED: an exploratory analysis.
The Use of Mouse Asthma Models to Successfully Discover and Develop Novel Drugs.
Participation of Antidiuretic Hormone (ADH) in Asthma Exacerbations Induced by Psychological Stress via PKA/PKC Signal Pathway in Airway-Related Vagal Preganglionic Neurons (AVPNs).
Nonpharmacologic Therapy for Severe Persistent Asthma.
[Role of negative regulators of SOCS1, SOCS3, and SOCS5 gene transcription in the negative cell signaling regulation system in asthma].
Asthma and lung cancer, after accounting for co-occurring respiratory diseases and allergic conditions: a systematic review protocol.
[Effect of Acupoint Application Therapy of Summer Treatment for Winter Diseases on Nerve-Endocrine-Immune Network System in Patient with Non-Acute Attack Asthma].
Selaginella uncinata flavonoids ameliorated ovalbumin-induced airway inflammation in a rat model of asthma.
Asthma and risk of myelodysplastic syndromes: a population-based cohort study.
Anticholinergic drugs in asthma therapy.
Brief Report: Low-level Mercury Exposure and Risk of Asthma in School-age Children.
Effect of active vitamin D3 on VEGF-induced ADAM33 expression and proliferation in human airway smooth muscle cells: implications for asthma treatment.
Modeling long-term effects attributed to nitrogen dioxide (NO<sub>2</sub>) and sulfur dioxide (SO<sub>2</sub>) exposure on asthma morbidity in a nationwide cohort in Israel.
Relevance of Cat and Dog Sensitization by Skin Prick Testing in Childhood Eczema and Asthma.
A Randomized Pragmatic Trial of Changing to and Stepping Down Fluticasone/Formoterol in Asthma.
Asthma control in adult patients treated with a combination of inhaled corticosteroids and long‑acting β2‑agonists: a prospective observational study.
What patients really think about asthma guidelines: barriers to guideline implementation from the patients' perspective.
[Anesthetic Management for Patients with Bronchial Asthma].
Racial Disparities in Medicaid Asthma Hospitalizations.
Stormy weather: a retrospective analysis of demand for emergency medical services during epidemic thunderstorm asthma.
Neutrophil extracellular traps are downregulated by glucocorticosteroids in lungs in an equine model of asthma.
Weekly self-measurement of FEV1 and PEF and its impact on ACQ (asthma control questionnaire)-scores: 12-week observational study with 76 patients.
Emerging mechanisms and novel targets in allergic inflammation and asthma.
Protective effect of <i>Bifidobacterium infantis</i> CGMCC313-2 on ovalbumin-induced airway asthma and β-lactoglobulin-induced intestinal food allergy mouse models.
Bifidobacterium mixture (B longum BB536, B infantis M-63, B breve M-16V) treatment in children with seasonal allergic rhinitis and intermittent asthma.
Inhaled Corticosteroid Claims and Outpatient Visits After Hospitalization for Asthma Among Commercially Insured Children.
Extracorporeal IgE Immunoadsorption in Allergic Asthma: Safety and Efficacy.
Relationship between Fractional Exhaled Nitric Oxide Level and Efficacy of Inhaled Corticosteroid in Asthma-COPD Overlap Syndrome Patients with Different Disease Severity.
Mast cells are permissive for rhinovirus replication: potential implications for asthma exacerbations.
Asthma quality of life in Saudi Arabia: Gender differences.
[Association of cytoplasmic phospholipase A2 gene polymorphism with bronchial asthma and response to montelukast in children].
Electronic monitoring of adherence to inhaled corticosteroids: an essential tool in identifying severe asthma in children.
Active, passive, and electronic cigarette smoking is associated with asthma in adolescents.
Asthma phenotypes: do cough and wheeze predict exacerbations in persistent asthma?
Genetic correlation of SOCS3 polymorphisms with infantile asthma: an evidence based on a case-control study.
Mesenchymal stem cells suppress lung inflammation and airway remodeling in chronic asthma rat model via PI3K/Akt signaling pathway.
Benefits of an asthma education program provided at primary care sites on asthma outcomes.
The Association Between Asthma and Sleep in Urban Adolescents With Undiagnosed Asthma.
Validation of a questionnaire for asthma case identification in pre-schools in Latin America.
Aerobic training decreases bronchial hyperresponsiveness and systemic inflammation in patients with moderate or severe asthma: a randomised controlled trial.
Prognosis of new-onset asthma diagnosed at adult age.
Allergic multimorbidity of asthma, rhinitis and eczema over 20 years in the German birth cohort MAS.
Genetic approach identifies distinct asthma pathways in overweight vs normal weight children.
Comparison of in-hospital mortality in patients with COPD, asthma and asthma-COPD overlap exacerbations.
Genetic association of key Th1/Th2 pathway candidate genes, IRF2, IL6, IFNGR2, STAT4 and IL4RA, with atopic asthma in the Indian population.
The influence of childhood asthma on puberty and height in Swedish adolescents.
Asthma control in children is associated with nasal symptoms, obesity, and health insurance: a nationwide survey.
Phenotyping asthma, rhinitis and eczema in MeDALL population-based birth cohorts: an allergic comorbidity cluster.
Bronchial Reactivity, Inflammatory and Allergic Parameters, and Vitamin D Levels in Children With Asthma.
Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Anxious and Depressive Symptoms in Caregivers of Children With Asthma.
Insulin resistance, metabolic syndrome, and lung function in US adolescents with and without asthma.
Managing Asthma on the College Campus: Findings of a Texas Pilot Study.
Risk of an asthma exacerbation after bariatric surgery in adults.
Asthma and risk of lethal prostate cancer in the Health Professionals Follow-Up Study.
Lung CD200 Receptor Activation Abrogates Airway Hyperresponsiveness in Experimental Asthma.
Hypoxia-inducible factor-1α inhibition modulates airway hyperresponsiveness and nitric oxide levels in a BALB/c mouse model of asthma.
Association of Matrix Metalloproteinase 9 (<i>MMP-9</i>) Polymorphisms with Asthma Risk: A Meta-Analysis.
Bronchiectasis and asthma: a dangerous liaison?
Asthma treatment in children and adolescents in an urban area in southern Brazil: popular myths and features.
mRNA-Mediated Gene Supplementation of Toll-Like Receptors as Treatment Strategy for Asthma In Vivo.
Childhood asthma and physical activity: a systematic review with meta-analysis and Graphic Appraisal Tool for Epidemiology assessment.
Airway Microbiota in Severe Asthma and Relationship to Asthma Severity and Phenotypes.
Breathing exercises for children with asthma.
The tyrosine kinase inhibitor dasatinib reduces lung inflammation and remodelling in experimental allergic asthma.
Local Pharmacy Partnership to Prevent Pediatric Asthma Reutilization in a Satellite Hospital.
Interleukin 6 SNP rs1800797 associates with the risk of adult-onset asthma.
Fertility outcomes in asthma: a clinical study of 245 women with unexplained infertility.
Asthma phenotypes in childhood.
Identification of infants and preschool children at risk for asthma: predictive scores and biomarkers.
Both exhaled nitric oxide and blood eosinophil count were associated with mild allergic asthma only in non-smokers.
Chronic neurokinin-1 receptor antagonism fails to ameliorate clinical signs, airway hyper-responsiveness or airway eosinophilia in an experimental model of feline asthma.
Decreased Circulating Interleukin-35 Levels Are Related to Interleukin-4-Producing CD8+ T Cells in Patients with Allergic Asthma.
Adult-onset asthma.
[The costs of asthma in Poland in 2012].
The Effect of Asthma Clinical Guideline for Adults on Inhaled Corticosteroids PrescriptionTrend: A Quasi-Experimental Study.
The need to differentiate between adults and children when treating severe asthma.
Practical guidance on the recognition of uncontrolled asthma and its management.
Sex difference in the association between obesity and asthma in U.S. adults: Findings from a national study.
Revising old principles of inhaled treatment in new fixed combinations for asthma.
Exposure to gun violence and asthma among children in Puerto Rico.
Association between benzodiazepine use and exacerbations and mortality in patients with asthma: a matched case-control and survival analysis using the United Kingdom Clinical Practice Research Datalink.
Wider neck circumference is related to severe asthma in children.
Is immunoglobulin E to Staphylococcus aureus enterotoxins associated with asthma at 20 years?
Evidence for the efficacy and safety of anti-interleukin-5 treatment in the management of refractory eosinophilic asthma.
Cysteine oxidation impairs systemic glucocorticoid responsiveness in children with difficult-to-treat asthma.
Pediatric severe asthma with fungal sensitization is mediated by steroid-resistant IL-33.
Quality of Life in Children With Asthma: A Developmental Perspective.
The NR3C1 Glucocorticoid Receptor Gene Polymorphisms May Modulate the TGF-beta mRNA Expression in Asthma Patients.
[Validation of a Spanish version of the Childhood Asthma Control Test (Sc-ACT) for use in Spain].
High risk of adult asthma following severe wheezing in early life.
Eosinophil protein X and childhood asthma: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Oroxylin A Inhibits Allergic Airway Inflammation in Ovalbumin (OVA)-Induced Asthma Murine Model.
Effect of Asian dust on pulmonary function in adult asthma patients in western Japan: A panel study.
Four-locus gene interaction between IL13, IL4, FCER1B, and ADRB2 for asthma in Chinese Han children.
Comparison of thiol/disulphide homeostasis parameters in patients with COPD, asthma and ACOS.
Fractional Exhaled Nitric Oxide for Identification of Uncontrolled Asthma in Children.
Yoga for asthma.
[ORMDL3 polymorphisms and their relationship with OPN and TGF-β1 levels in children with asthma in Hunan, China: an analysis of 98 cases].
Bidirectional Association between Asthma and Irritable Bowel Syndrome: Two Population-Based Retrospective Cohort Studies.
Remote versus face-to-face check-ups for asthma.
Prevalence and factors associated with asthma in students from Montes Claros, Minas Gerais, Brazil.
Do chronic workplace irritant exposures cause asthma?
Perinatal air pollution exposure and development of asthma from birth to age 10 years.
Inner-city asthma: special considerations for management.
Asthma Action Plan Receipt among Children with Asthma 2-17 Years of Age, United States, 2002-2013.
Early-life respiratory infections and asthma development: role in disease pathogenesis and potential targets for disease prevention.
Pharmacists' interventions on clinical asthma outcomes: a systematic review.
Population Health Considerations for Pediatric Asthma: Findings from the 2011-2012 California Health Interview Survey.
Pulmonary immunity during respiratory infections in early life and the development of severe asthma.
Prevalence and risk factors for depression in Korean adult patients with asthma: is there a difference between elderly and non-elderly patients?
Gene expression in relation to exhaled nitric oxide identifies novel asthma phenotypes with unique biomolecular pathways.
Effects of small airway dysfunction on the clinical expression of asthma: a focus on asthma symptoms and bronchial hyper-responsiveness.
Continuous terbutaline infusion in severe asthma in adults: a retrospective study of long-term efficacy and safety.
IFNG+874A/T polymorphisms and IFNG CA repeat polymorphism associated with asthma in Asian--a meta-analysis.
Distribution of asthma by occupation: Washington State behavioral risk factor surveillance system data, 2006-2009.
Increasing use of non-invasive ventilation in asthma: a long-term analysis of the Portuguese national hospitalization database.
AIR Louisville: Addressing Asthma With Technology, Crowdsourcing, Cross-Sector Collaboration, And Policy.
Nebulized ketamine to avoid mechanical ventilation in a pediatric patient with severe asthma exacerbation.
Big asthma data: getting bigger and more beautiful?
[Prevalence of sensitization to allergens in school children with asthma residents from Guadalajara metropolitan area].
Morbidity associated with oral corticosteroids in patients with severe asthma.
Genetic variation in uncontrolled childhood asthma despite ICS treatment.
Establishing school-centered asthma programs.
Moderating effect of gender on the prospective relation of physical activity with psychosocial outcomes and asthma control in adolescents: a longitudinal study.
Reduced asthma morbidity in endemic areas for helminth infections: a longitudinal ecological study in Brazil.
Low Mother-to-Child CCL22 Chemokine Levels Are Inversely Related to Mite Sensitization and Asthma in Early Childhood.
[Theoretical and practical assessment of Lille general practice and pharmacy students' knowledge about use of inhaler devices for asthma control].
Interleukin-17A and vascular remodelling in severe asthma; lack of evidence for a direct role.
Sex-based differences in CD103<sup>+</sup> dendritic cells promote female-predominant Th2 cytokine production during allergic asthma.
Association between asthma and periodontal disease: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Sputum autoantibodies in patients with severe eosinophilic asthma.
Novel Biologicals for the Treatment of Allergic Diseases and Asthma.
Obstructive sleep apnea and asthma.
Drop in lung function during asthma and COPD exacerbations - can it be assessed without spirometry?
Shifts in Lachnospira and Clostridium sp. in the 3-month stool microbiome are associated with preschool age asthma.
Effects of seasonal smog on asthma and COPD exacerbations requiring emergency visits in Chiang Mai, Thailand.
Optimizing the use of intravenous magnesium sulfate for acute asthma treatment in children.
[COMBINED COURSE OF BRONCHIAL ASTHMA AND GASTROESOPHAGEAL REFLUX DISEASE: ITS CLINICAL, FUNCTIONAL PECULIARITIES, AND MECHANISMS OF ITS CORRECTION].
Effects of periodontitis on the development of asthma: The role of photodynamic therapy.
Clinical effect of treating secondary asthma attacks of children Mycoplasma pneumoniae with combined therapy of montelukast and azithromycin.
Modification of an Established Pediatric Asthma Pathway Improves Evidence-Based, Efficient Care.
Effect of inhaled corticosteroid particle size on asthma efficacy and safety outcomes: a systematic literature review and meta-analysis.
Sanfu acupoint herbal patching for stable asthma: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
How many instructions are required to correct inhalation errors in patients with asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease?
Assessing the value of mepolizumab for severe eosinophilic asthma: a cost-effectiveness analysis.
Effects of tiotropium on lung function in current smokers and never smokers with bronchial asthma.
Effect of memory CD4<sup>+</sup> T cells' signal transducer and activator of transcription (STATs) functional shift on cytokine-releasing properties in asthma.
Pathophysiology to Phenotype in the Asthma of Obesity.
Motivational interviewing and urine cotinine feedback to stop passive smoke exposure in children predisposed to asthma: a randomised controlled trial.
Semaphorin 3A: Is a key player in the pathogenesis of asthma.
Efficacy of Omega-3 Fatty Acids Supplementation versus Sublingual Immunotherapy in Patients with Bronchial Asthma.
Long-term safety and efficacy of benralizumab in patients with severe, uncontrolled asthma: 1-year results from the BORA phase 3 extension trial.
Exploring rare and low-frequency variants in the Saguenay-Lac-Saint-Jean population identified genes associated with asthma and allergy traits.
Effect of waterpipe tobacco smoking on airway inflammation in murine model of asthma.
Traditional Chinese medicine ZHENG identification of bronchial asthma: Clinical investigation of 2500 adult cases.
Effect of Lactobacillus salivarius on Th1/Th2 cytokines and the number of spleen CD4⁺ CD25⁺ Foxp3⁺ Treg in asthma Balb/c mouse.
PILL Series. The 'problematic' asthma patient.
Effect of systemic corticosteroids on serum apoptotic markers and quality of life in patients with asthma.
The association of vitamin D, cathelicidin, and vitamin D binding protein with acute asthma attacks in children.
B7-H3 expression in children with asthma exacerbation.
Body mass index, respiratory conditions, asthma, and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Hormonal factors and incident asthma and allergic rhinitis during puberty in girls.
Influence of ethnicity on response to asthma drugs.
Prospective Study on the Relationship of Obesity to Asthma Impairment and Risk.
Effect of bariatric surgery on asthma control, lung function and bronchial and systemic inflammation in morbidly obese subjects with asthma.
Phosphatidylinositol 3-kinases pathway mediates lung caspase-1 activation and high mobility group box 1 production in a toluene-diisocyanate induced murine asthma model.
Asthma exacerbations during the first trimester of pregnancy and congenital malformations: revisiting the association in a large representative cohort.
The changing face of asthma and its relation with microbes.
IgE responses to Ascaris and mite tropomyosins are risk factors for asthma.
Persistence of asthma requires multiple feedback circuits involving type 2 innate lymphoid cells and IL-33.
Asthma "of horses and men"--how can equine heaves help us better understand human asthma immunopathology and its functional consequences?
Breast-feeding and hospitalization for asthma in early childhood: a nationwide longitudinal survey in Japan.
Regulator of G-protein signaling 2 repression exacerbates airway hyper-responsiveness and remodeling in asthma.
Plasma paraoxonase, oxidative status level, and their relationship with asthma control test in children with asthma.
Comorbidities in elderly patients with asthma: Association with control of the disease and concomitant treatment.
Evaluation of factors affecting adherence to asthma controller therapy in chest clinics in a sub-Saharan African setting: a cross-sectional study.
[Chronic rhinosinusitis with bronchial asthma, what should we concern about?].
An association and meta-analysis study of 4 SNPs from beta-2 adrenergic receptor (ADRB2) gene with risk of asthma in children.
[Association between IL1R1 gene polymorphisms and childhood asthma].
MiR-3162-3p Is a Novel MicroRNA That Exacerbates Asthma by Regulating β-Catenin.
Single-Nucleotide Polymorphisms of IL-17 Gene Are Associated with Asthma Susceptibility in an Asian Population.
Association between Electronic Cigarette Use and Asthma among High School Students in South Korea.
Trends and predictors of asthma costs: results from a 10-year longitudinal study.
Pleth Variability Index to Assess Course of Illness in Children with Asthma.
What pulmonologists think about the asthma-COPD overlap syndrome.
Clinical characteristics of the asthma-COPD overlap syndrome--a systematic review.
The GINA asthma strategy report: what's new for primary care?
Are Asthma and COPD a Continuum of the Same Disease?
Patient-reported side effects, concerns and adherence to corticosteroid treatment for asthma, and comparison with physician estimates of side-effect prevalence: a UK-wide, cross-sectional study.
Underuse of guideline-recommended long-term asthma management in children hospitalized to the intensive care unit: a multicenter observational study.
Spatial analysis of exposure to traffic-related air pollution at birth and childhood atopic asthma in Toronto, Ontario.
Changes in asthma control, work productivity, and impairment with omalizumab: 5-year EXCELS study results.
Reducing asthma attacks in patients with severe asthma: The role of bronchial thermoplasty.
Association of urine CC16 and lung function and asthma in Chinese children.
Small-molecule anti-inflammatory drug compositions for the treatment of asthma: a patent review (2013 - 2014).
Lung function impairment increases with age of diagnosis in adult onset asthma.
Asthma control in the Portuguese National Asthma Survey.
Stress and Bronchodilator Response in Children with Asthma.
The impact of expired and empty quick-relief asthma inhalers: The Asthma and Allergy Foundation of America's Asthma Inhaler Design Survey.
Characteristics and Prognosis of Never-Smokers and Smokers with Asthma in the Copenhagen General Population Study. A Prospective Cohort Study.
Personality and risk of adult asthma in a prospective cohort study.
Influences of health literacy, judgment skills, and empowerment on asthma self-management practices.
Effect of Direct-to-Consumer Advertising on Asthma Medication Sales and Healthcare Use.
Cough variant asthma patients are more depressed and anxious than classic asthma patients.
Combining the Mannitol Test and FeNO in the Assessment of Poorly Controlled Asthma.
Translational value of animal models of asthma: Challenges and promises.
A persistently high body mass index increases the risk of atopic asthma at school age.
Markers of Differential Response to Inhaled Corticosteroid Treatment Among Children with Mild Persistent Asthma.
DNA methylation and childhood asthma in the inner city.
The HEDIS Medication Management for People with Asthma Measure is Not Related to Improved Asthma Outcomes.
Evaluating the impact of an integrated computer-based decision support with person-centered analytics for the management of asthma in primary care: a randomized controlled trial.
Toll-like receptor 9 dependent interferon-α release is impaired in severe asthma but is not associated with exacerbation frequency.
Asthma in US Mexican-Origin Children in Early Childhood: Differences in Risk and Protective Factors by Parental Nativity.
Churg-Strauss syndrome: a new endotype of severe asthma? Results of 14 Turkish patients.
Physical fitness and amount of asthma and asthma-like symptoms from childhood to adulthood.
Lipopolysaccharides promote a shift from Th2-derived airway eosinophilic inflammation to Th17-derived neutrophilic inflammation in an ovalbumin-sensitized murine asthma model.
Association between Ambient Air Pollution and Asthma Prevalence in Different Population Groups Residing in Eastern Texas, USA.
Epigenetic Mechanisms in Asthma.
[Expression of Serotonin Receptor and Transporter Related Genes of CD4+ T Lymphocytes in Patients with Asthma and Depression].
Symptoms of asthma and associated factors in adolescents from Salvador, Bahia.
The effect of scuba diving on airflow obstruction in divers with asthma.
Significantly Higher Prevalence Rate of Asthma and Bipolar Disorder Co-Morbidity: A Meta-Analysis and Review Under PRISMA Guidelines.
An Interleukin 13 Polymorphism Is Associated with Symptom Severity in Adult Subjects with Ever Asthma.
Prevalence and risk factors of asthma in First Nations children living on reserves in Canada.
Interleukin-31 expression and relation to disease severity in human asthma.
Risk of Migraine in Patients With Asthma: A Nationwide Cohort Study.
Long-acting muscarinic antagonists: a potential add-on therapy in the treatment of asthma?
Asthma in childhood.
Supporting Self-management of Asthma Care.
Association Between Gasdermin A and Gasdermin B Polymorphisms and Susceptibility to Adult and Childhood Asthma Among Jordanians.
Standardized Asthma Admission Criteria Reduce Length of Stay in a Pediatric Emergency Department.
Understanding the pathophysiology of the asthma-chronic obstructive pulmonary disease overlap syndrome.
The occurrence of dynamic structural disorders in the pharynx and larynx, at rest and during exercise, in horses diagnosed with mild and moderate Equine Asthma (Inflammatory Airway Disease).
Respiratory muscle strength and pulmonary function in children with rhinitis and asthma after a six-minute walk test.
Antioxidant foods consumption and childhood asthma and other allergic diseases: The Greek cohorts of the ISAAC II survey.
Empowering the child and caregiver: yellow zone Asthma Action Plan.
Implementation and evaluation of an integrated computerized asthma management system in a pediatric emergency department: a randomized clinical trial.
Blood gas tensions in adult asthma: a systematic review and meta-regression analysis.
Geographic and racial variation in asthma prevalence and emergency department use among Medicaid-enrolled children in 14 southern states.
Burden of asthma among children in a developing megacity: childhood asthma study, Pakistan.
Asthma and smoking--healthcare needs and preferences of adults with asthma who smoke.
Umeclidinium for the treatment of uncontrolled asthma.
Inhalation errors due to device switch in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and asthma: critical health and economic issues.
Asthma Genetics in the Post-GWAS Era.
A randomized, double-blinded, double-dummy efficacy and safety study of budesonide-formoterol Spiromax® compared to budesonide-formoterol Turbuhaler® in adults and adolescents with persistent asthma.
A systematic review of fractional exhaled nitric oxide in the routine management of childhood asthma.
The efficacy of fluticasone furoate administered in the morning or evening is comparable in patients with persistent asthma.
Susceptibility Factors Relevant for the Association Between Long-Term Air Pollution Exposure and Incident Asthma.
Asthma and Risk of Stroke: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.
[Persistent asthma: Chronic therapy quantitative compliance in daily practice].
Surfactant protein D multimerization and gene polymorphism in COPD and asthma.
Ins and Outs in Environmental and Occupational Safety Studies of Asthma and Engineered Nanomaterials.
Estimating the incidence, prevalence and true cost of asthma in the UK: secondary analysis of national stand-alone and linked databases in England, Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales-a study protocol.
Indoor environmental factors associated with wheezing illness and asthma in South Korean children: phase III of the International Study of Asthma and Allergies in Childhood.
The relationship between direct to consumer advertising (DTCA) and asthma-related emergency department use among Medicaid-enrolled children.
Cerebral anatomical changes in female asthma patients with and without depression compared to healthy controls and patients with depression.
Investigation of knowledge of asthma and inhaler devices in pharmacy workers.
Improving Guideline-Based Care of Acute Asthma in a Pediatric Emergency Department.
Short-Term Fluctuations in Air Pollution and Asthma in Scania, Sweden. Is the Association Modified by Long-Term Concentrations?
[The Lymphoid Variant of HES (L-HES) as Differential Diagnose of Severe Asthma in Childhood].
Different anti-remodeling effect of nilotinib and fluticasone in a chronic asthma model.
Mast cells are associated with exacerbations and eosinophilia in children with severe asthma.
Oral corticosteroids for asthma exacerbations might be associated with adrenal suppression: Are physicians aware of that?
Toxoplasma gondii serine-protease inhibitor-1: A new adjuvant candidate for asthma therapy.
Immune mechanisms of respiratory viral infections in asthma.
Hypoxic Pulmonary Vasoconstriction Does Not Explain All Regional Perfusion Redistribution in Asthma.
Frontline Science: Shh production and Gli signaling is activated in vivo in lung, enhancing the Th2 response during a murine model of allergic asthma.
A Multicentre, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled, Crossover Study To Investigate the Efficacy, Safety, Tolerability, and Pharmacokinetics of Repeat Doses of Inhaled Nemiralisib in Adults with Persistent, Uncontrolled Asthma.
Association between cigarette smoking and interleukin-17A expression in nasal tissues of patients with chronic rhinosinusitis and asthma.
Picroside II Attenuates Airway Inflammation by Downregulating the Transcription Factor GATA3 and Th2-Related Cytokines in a Mouse Model of HDM-Induced Allergic Asthma.
Physical activity and incident asthma in adults: the HUNT Study, Norway.
Sustainable Benefits of a Community Hospital-Based Paediatric Asthma Clinic.
Effect of nintedanib on airway inflammation and remodeling in a murine chronic asthma model.
Soluble Fibre Meal Challenge Reduces Airway Inflammation and Expression of GPR43 and GPR41 in Asthma.
Neutrophilic inflammation in asthma: mechanisms and therapeutic considerations.
GATA-3-specific DNAzyme - A novel approach for stratified asthma therapy.
The association between paracetamol and asthma is still under debate.
Toll-like receptor-mediated involvement of innate immune cells in asthma disease.
The molecular epidemiology of respiratory viruses associated with asthma attacks: A single-center observational study in Japan.
Pidotimod exacerbates allergic pulmonary infection in an OVA mouse model of asthma.
Exploring Patient Engagement: A Qualitative Analysis of Low-Income Urban Participants in Asthma Research.
Relationships Between Quality of Life in the Psychological Domain, Acceptance of Illness, and Healthcare Services in Patients with Asthma.
The role of the endothelium in asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).
Asthma-chronic obstructive pulmonary disease overlap syndrome - Literature review and contributions towards a Portuguese consensus.
Strain Differences in a Murine Model of Air Pollutant-induced Nonatopic Asthma and Rhinitis.
Albuterol multidose dry powder inhaler efficacy and safety versus placebo in children with asthma.
See I told you I was taking it! - Attitudes of adolescents with asthma towards a device monitoring their inhaler use: Implications for future design.
Burden of systemic glucocorticoid-related complications in severe asthma.
Peripheral bronchial obstruction evaluation in patients with asthma by lung sound analysis and impulse oscillometry.
Multidisciplinary intervention to improve albuterol inhaler utilization among patients with asthma.
[Current and prospective issues about adult asthma].
The effect of methyl palmitate on treatment of experimental asthma.
Control of asthma in real life: still a valuable goal?
Monitoring asthma in childhood: lung function, bronchial responsiveness and inflammation.
Monitoring asthma in childhood: symptoms, exacerbations and quality of life.
[Relevance of the health insurance databases to study spatial disparities in asthma prevalence: A study in southeastern France].
Association between asthma self-management knowledge and asthma control in the elderly.
Outcomes before and after treatment escalation to Global Initiative for Asthma steps 4 and 5 in severe asthma.
Do Patients of Subspecialist Physicians Benefit from Written Asthma Action Plans?
The "physician on call patient engagement trial" (POPET): measuring the impact of a mobile patient engagement application on health outcomes and quality of life in allergic rhinitis and asthma patients.
Mode of delivery and childhood hospitalizations for asthma and other wheezing disorders.
Alteration of circulating type 2 follicular helper T cells and regulatory B cells underlies the comorbid association of allergic rhinitis with bronchial asthma.
Time trends in the incidence, prevalence and age at diagnosis of asthma in children.
Asthma phenotypes and lung function up to 16 years of age-the BAMSE cohort.
Review of family relational stress and pediatric asthma: the value of biopsychosocial systemic models.
Interaction effect of psychological distress and asthma control on productivity loss?
Exosome secretion by eosinophils: A possible role in asthma pathogenesis.
Regulation of Th17/Treg function contributes to the attenuation of chronic airway inflammation by icariin in ovalbumin-induced murine asthma model.
Asthma outcomes in children and adolescents with multiple morbidities: Findings from the National Health Interview Survey.
Effectiveness of a promotora home visitation program for underserved Hispanic children with asthma.
Evaluation of proteasomal gene polymorphisms in Lithuanian patients with asthma.
Atopy as a risk factor for the development of asthma in young recruits.
Association between ambient air pollution, meteorological conditions and exacerbations of asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease in adult citizens of the town of Smederevo.
Inverse Relationship Between Helicobacter Pylori Infection and Asthma Among Adults Younger than 40 Years: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Differential gene network analysis for the identification of asthma-associated therapeutic targets in allergen-specific T-helper memory responses.
Association between exhaled inflammatory markers and asthma control in children.
Knowledge and perceptions of asthma in Zambia: a cross-sectional survey.
Practice Pattern Variation in the Care of Children With Acute Asthma.
Tiotropium Respimat Is Effective for the Treatment of Asthma at a Dose Lower Than That for Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease.
Change in the manifestations of asthma and asthma-related traits in childhood: a latent transition analysis.
Association of atopy phenotypes with new development of asthma and bronchial hyperresponsiveness in school-aged children.
Asthma is Different in Women.
Environmental Asthma Reduction Potential Estimates for Selected Mitigation Actions in Finland Using a Life Table Approach.
Changing adherence-related beliefs about ICS maintenance treatment for asthma: feasibility study of an intervention delivered by asthma nurse specialists.
Monitoring asthma in childhood: management-related issues.
Monitoring asthma in childhood.
Tailoring interventions: identifying predictors of poor asthma control.
Poly(inosinic-cytidylic) acid-triggered exacerbation of experimental asthma depends on IL-17A produced by NK cells.
The potential role of vitamin D in the link between obesity and asthma severity/control in children.
The relative values of CD8+CD25+Foxp3brigh Treg cells correlate with selected lung function parameters in asthma.
Asthma predicts cardiovascular disease events: the multi-ethnic study of atherosclerosis.
Cohort Profile: Swedish Twin Study on Prediction and Prevention of Asthma (STOPPA).
Contributing factors to the development of childhood asthma: working toward risk minimization.
Serum periostin in smokers and never smokers with asthma.
Childhood asthma and spirometric indices are associated with polymorphic markers of two vitamin D 25-hydroxylase genes.
Mode of delivery and childhood fractional exhaled nitric oxide, interrupter resistance and asthma: the Generation R study.
Monitoring strategies in children with asthma: a randomised controlled trial.
An exploration of parent-child dyadic asthma management influences on quality of life.
Seasonal risk factors for asthma exacerbations among inner-city children.
Vitamin D as an adjunctive therapy in asthma. Part 2: A review of human studies.
Vitamin D as an adjunctive therapy in asthma. Part 1: A review of potential mechanisms.
Does maternal asthma contribute to racial/ethnic disparities in obstetrical and neonatal complications?
What lessons can be learned about asthma phenotypes in children from cohort studies?
Quality of life in pediatric asthma patients and their parents: a meta-analysis on 20 years of research.
Influence of childhood growth on asthma and lung function in adolescence.
Effectiveness of Telemedicine for Controlling Asthma Symptoms: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.
Patterns of aeroallergen sensitization predicting risk for asthma in preschool children with atopic dermatitis.
Recruited alveolar macrophages, in response to airway epithelial-derived monocyte chemoattractant protein 1/CCl2, regulate airway inflammation and remodeling in allergic asthma.
Development and validation of a novel risk score for asthma exacerbations: The risk score for exacerbations.
Breastfeeding duration and asthma in Puerto Rican children.
A pharmacy asthma service achieves a change in patient responses from increased awareness to taking responsibility for their asthma.
Management based on exhaled nitric oxide levels adjusted for atopy reduces asthma exacerbations in children: A dual centre randomized controlled trial.
A step-down protocol for omalizumab treatment in oral corticosteroid-dependent allergic asthma patients.
Reductions in eosinophil biomarkers by benralizumab in patients with asthma.
Plasma protein thiols: an early marker of oxidative stress in asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Addressing corticosteroid insensitivity in adults with asthma.
Volatile organic compounds in asthma diagnosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Variability in Asthma Inflammatory Phenotype in Induced Sputum. Frequency and Causes.
Asthma in pregnancy: one more piece of the puzzle.
School-Based Educational Interventions Can Significantly Improve Health Outcomes in Children with Asthma.
Effect of Gubenfangxiao decoction on respiratory syncytial virus-induced asthma and expression of asthma susceptibility gene orosomucoid 1-like protein 3 in mice.
Association between traffic-related air pollution and asthma in preschool children in a national Japanese nested case-control study.
Community Asthma Initiative to Improve Health Outcomes and Reduce Disparities Among Children with Asthma.
ERICA: prevalence of asthma in Brazilian adolescents.
[Expression and role of Tc17 cells in mice with neutrophilic asthma].
Increased expression of upstream TH2-cytokines in a mouse model of viral-induced asthma exacerbation.
Combination therapy of tiotropium and ciclesonide attenuates airway inflammation and remodeling in a guinea pig model of chronic asthma.
Heritability and confirmation of genetic association studies for childhood asthma in twins.
High-Dose Magnesium Sulfate Infusion for Severe Asthma in the Emergency Department: Efficacy Study.
Acute exercise is associated with reduced exhaled nitric oxide in physically inactive adults with asthma.
Th-17 regulatory cytokines IL-21, IL-23, and IL-6 enhance neutrophil production of IL-17 cytokines during asthma.
Asthma in The Elderly: The Sum is Greater Than the Parts.
Lipoxin generation is related to soluble epoxide hydrolase activity in severe asthma.
Prevalence and risk factors of asthma and allergic diseases in primary schoolchildren living in Bushehr, Iran: phase I, III ISAAC protocol.
SQ HDM SLIT-tablet (ALK) in treatment of asthma--post hoc results from a randomised trial.
In-school asthma management and physical activity: children's perspectives.
IL-33 promotes airway remodeling and is a marker of asthma disease severity.
Vitamin D deficiency and level of asthma control in women from North of Jordan: a case-control study.
Asthma interventions in primary schools--a review.
Occupations with an increased prevalence of self-reported asthma in Indian adults.
Transcriptional regulation on the gene expression signature in combined allergic rhinitis and asthma syndrome.
Pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic profile of reslizumab in asthma.
Interleukin-37 alleviates airway inflammation and remodeling in asthma via inhibiting the activation of NF-κB and STAT3 signalings.
On the pharmacokinetics of two inhaled budesonide/formoterol combinations in asthma patients using modeling approaches.
Medication identification in pediatric asthma (MED ID): The reliability and validity of a novel screening tool.
Clinical features in patients of cough variant asthma with normal and high level of exhaled fractional nitric oxide.
Acute severe asthma.
Long-term azithromycin ameliorates not only airway inflammation but also remodeling in a murine model of chronic asthma.
Pollen concentration and asthma exacerbations in Wake County, North Carolina, 2006-2012.
Evaluating the Impact of Information Technology Tools to Support the Asthma Medical Home.
Airway Epithelial Expression Quantitative Trait Loci Reveal Genes Underlying Asthma and Other Airway Diseases.
Preventive and therapeutic effects of Trichinella spiralis adult extracts on allergic inflammation in an experimental asthma mouse model.
Understanding an Environmental Health Risk: Investigating Asthma Risk Perception in Ontario Youth Sport.
Association between birthplace, prevalence, and age of asthma onset in adults: a United States population-based study.
CCL11 as a potential diagnostic marker for asthma?
Indicators of asthma control among students in a rural, school-based asthma management program.
Clinical evaluation of sublingual administration of dust mite drops in the treatment of allergic asthma and allergic rhinitis of children.
Nasal Airflow Measured by Rhinomanometry Correlates with FeNO in Children with Asthma.
Reference ranges for serum periostin in a population without asthma or chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
A Review of Portable Electronic Spirometers: Implications for Asthma Self-Management.
Systems biology and in vitro validation identifies family with sequence similarity 129 member A (FAM129A) as an asthma steroid response modulator.
Leukotriene Receptor Antagonists for the Treatment of Asthma in Elderly Patients.
Within-microenvironment exposure to particulate matter and health effects in children with asthma: a pilot study utilizing real-time personal monitoring with GPS interface.
Allergic asthma is distinguished by sensitivity of allergen-specific CD4+ T cells and airway structural cells to type 2 inflammation.
Protocadherin-1 Localization and Cell-Adhesion Function in Airway Epithelial Cells in Asthma.
Asthma in pregnancy - a clinical update.
Pulmonary function testing in bronchial asthma.
Adult bronchial asthma, definition, cause and severity assessment.
Epidemiology of asthma in Japan.
Efficacy and safety of a CXCR2 antagonist, AZD5069, in patients with uncontrolled persistent asthma: a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
Prevalence and Risk Factors of ACO (Asthma-COPD Overlap) in Aboriginal People.
A chemical derivatization based UHPLC-LTQ-Orbitrap mass spectrometry method for accurate quantification of short-chain fatty acids in bronchoalveolar lavage fluid of asthma mice.
Spotlight on fluticasone furoate/vilanterol trifenatate for the once-daily treatment of asthma: design, development and place in therapy.
Asthma and allergic rhinitis in childhood: what's new.
Culturally Specific Evaluation of Inhaler Techniques in Asthma.
Home visits are needed to address asthma health disparities in adults.
An updated meta-analysis of transforming growth factor-β1 gene: Three well-characterized polymorphisms with asthma.
Personalised medicine in asthma: time for action: Number 1 in the Series "Personalised medicine in respiratory diseases" Edited by Renaud Louis and Nicolas Roche.
Early Probiotic Supplementation for Eczema and Asthma Prevention: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
[Formoterol-budesonide combination for maintenance and relief in children and adolescents with asthma].
Indoor tobacco legislation is associated with fewer emergency department visits for asthma exacerbation in children.
The clinical profile of benralizumab in the management of severe eosinophilic asthma.
Early childhood growth patterns and school-age respiratory resistance, fractional exhaled nitric oxide and asthma.
Evaluation of smokers with and without asthma in terms of smoking cessation outcome, nicotine withdrawal symptoms, and craving: Findings from a self-guided quit attempt.
Examining health literacy among urban African-American adolescents with asthma.
STAT3 inhibition prevents lung inflammation, remodeling, and accumulation of Th2 and Th17 cells in a murine asthma model.
Omalizumab treatment in asthma-COPD overlap syndrome.
Prevalence of asthma-like symptoms and assessment of lung function in schoolchildren born with low birth weight.
Diagnostic value and influencing factors of fractional exhaled nitric oxide in suspected asthma patients.
[Comparative analysis of the role of CD4(+) and CD8(+) T cells in severe asthma development].
[Occupational asthma in Hungary].
Analysis of a Panel of 48 Cytokines in BAL Fluids Specifically Identifies IL-8 Levels as the Only Cytokine that Distinguishes Controlled Asthma from Uncontrolled Asthma, and Correlates Inversely with FEV1.
Effect of a soy isoflavone supplement on lung function and clinical outcomes in patients with poorly controlled asthma: a randomized clinical trial.
Physical inactivity and television-viewing time among Aboriginal adults with asthma: a cross-sectional analysis of the Aboriginal Peoples Survey.
Planning for Action: The Impact of an Asthma Action Plan Decision Support Tool Integrated into an Electronic Health Record (EHR) at a Large Health Care System.
Real-life efficacy and safety of omalizumab in Portuguese patients with persistent uncontrolled asthma.
Web based listing of agents associated with new onset work-related asthma.
Early menarche is associated with increased risk of asthma: Prospective population-based study of twins.
Low interleukin (IL)-18 levels in sputum supernatants of patients with severe refractory asthma.
Effect of asthma on falling into poverty: the overlooked costs of illness.
Predicting risk for childhood asthma by pre-pregnancy, perinatal, and postnatal factors.
Prognosis of adult asthma: a 7-year follow-up study.
High level of fecal calprotectin at age 2 months as a marker of intestinal inflammation predicts atopic dermatitis and asthma by age 6.
Factors affecting ambulance utilization for asthma attack treatment: understanding where to target interventions.
A review of standard pharmacological therapy for adult asthma – Steps 1 to 5.
Sputum periostin in patients with different severe asthma phenotypes.
The diagnostic criteria for allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis in children with poorly controlled asthma need to be re-evaluated.
Choosing wisely: adherence by physicians to recommended use of spirometry in the diagnosis and management of adult asthma.
Increased phenotypic differentiation and reduced corticosteroid sensitivity of fibrocytes in severe asthma.
Glucocorticoid genes and the developmental origins of asthma susceptibility and treatment response.
Excess weight in preschool children with a history of severe bronchiolitis is associated with asthma.
Diagnostic Value of Serum Baseline Tryptase Levels in Childhood Asthma and Its Correlation with Disease Severity.
Serum Magnesium and Vitamin D Levels as Indicators of Asthma Severity.
A Critical Evaluation of Anti-IL-13 and Anti-IL-4 Strategies in Severe Asthma.
Blood Coagulation and Asthma Exacerbation in Children.
Enrolment in an Asthma Management Program during Pregnancy and Adherence with Inhaled Corticosteroids: The 'Management of Asthma during Pregnancy' Program.
Remodeling of basement membrane in patients with asthma.
Risk Factors Associated with Irreversible Airway Obstruction in Asthma: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
A Phase 2a Study of Benralizumab for Patients with Eosinophilic Asthma in South Korea and Japan.
Cow milk induced allergies (CMA) and asthma in new born.
Prevalence of allergic rhinitis based on the SACRA questionnaire among Japanese nursing professionals with asthma.
The Program for the Prevention of Childhood Asthma: a specialized care program for children with wheezing or asthma in Brazil.
Increased Levels of Interleukin-33 and Thymic Stromal Lymphopoietin in Exhaled Breath Condensate in Chronic Bronchial Asthma.
Does IL-17 Respond to the Disordered Lung Microbiome and Contribute to the Neutrophilic Phenotype in Asthma?
Total Serum IgE Level Estimation in Asthma Patient and Healthy Volunteers in a Tertiary Care Hospital, Bangladesh.
Relationships among allergic rhinitis, asthma, and chronic rhinosinusitis.
Association of Insurance Status with Severity and Management in ED Patients with Asthma Exacerbation.
Postoperative Adverse Outcomes in Patients With Asthma: A Nationwide Population-based Cohort Study.
Asthma Is Associated With a Subsequent Risk of Peripheral Artery Disease: A Longitudinal Population-Based Study.
Long-acting muscarinic antagonists (LAMA) added to combination long-acting beta2-agonists and inhaled corticosteroids (LABA/ICS) versus LABA/ICS for adults with asthma.
Asthma Prevention and Management for Aboriginal People: Lessons From Mi'kmaq Communities, Unama'ki, Canada, 2012.
Childhood asthma prevalence and risk factors in three Eastern European countries--the Belarus, Ukraine, Poland Asthma Study (BUPAS): an international prevalence study.
Medication education program for Indian children with asthma: A feasibility stud.
Cost-Effectiveness of Bronchial Thermoplasty, Omalizumab, and Standard Therapy for Moderate-to-Severe Allergic Asthma.
Efficacy of omalizumab (Xolair®) in patients with moderate to severe predominately chronic oral steroid dependent asthma in Taiwan: a retrospective, population-based database cohort study.
Temperature-controlled laminar airflow in severe asthma for exacerbation reduction (The LASER Trial): study protocol for a randomised controlled trial.
[METHODOLOGICAL FEATURES OF THE pH-METRY IN PATIENTS WITH A COMBINATION OF GASTROESOPHAGEAL REFLUX DISEASE AND BRONCHIAL ASTHMA].
Asthma phenotypes and IgE responses.
Smoking asthma phenotype: diagnostic and management challenges.
[Underdiagnosed asthma in third-grade children].
Asthma and obesity: is weight reduction the key to achieve asthma control?
Asthma phenotypes and endotypes: a personalized approach to treatment.
Asthma control in children: Is it important and can we measure it?
Biomarkers in the Management of Difficult Asthma.
Phenotyping and Endotyping Asthma Based on Biomarkers.
Vascular Biomarkers in Asthma and COPD.
Ethnic differences in adverse drug reactions to asthma medications: a systematic review.
Doxycycline suppresses Chlamydia pneumoniae induced interferon-gamma responses in peripheral blood mononuclear cells in children with allergic asthma.
Regulatory T cells and asthma.
Effectiveness of mHealth Interventions for Asthma Self-Management: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Relation between serum CC16 levels and asthma predictive index in pre-schoolers with recurrent wheezing.
The role of regulatory RNAs (miRNAs) in asthma.
Serum periostin is not related to asthma predictive index.
Genetics, environment, and asthma associated with celiac disease in the extended family of an affected child.
[Use of resources and costs associated with non-adherence to inhaled corticosteroid treatment in asthma].
Steroid resistance of airway type 2 innate lymphoid cells from patients with severe asthma: The role of thymic stromal lymphopoietin.
Association between adverse childhood experiences in the home and pediatric asthma.
Factors associated with high short-acting β2-agonist use in urban children with asthma.
Association of longitudinal fractional exhaled nitric oxide measurements with asthma control in atopic children.
New scoring system for the differentiation of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and asthma.
Impact of asthma medication and familial factors on the association between childhood asthma and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder: a combined twin- and register-based study: Epidemiology of Allergic Disease.
Noninvasive analysis of the sputum transcriptome discriminates clinical phenotypes of asthma.
Influence of upper airway abnormalities on the control of severe asthma: a cross-sectional study.
Guidelines for severe uncontrolled asthma.
A cluster-randomized trial shows telephone peer coaching for parents reduces children's asthma morbidity.
Fibrocyte trafficking in patients with chronic obstructive asthma and during an acute asthma exacerbation.
Corticosteroid insensitive alveolar macrophages from asthma patients; synergistic interaction with a p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) inhibitor.
Oral hygiene and dental status as factors related to asthma in high school and college students.
Soluble L-Selectin as an Independent Biomarker of Bronchial Asthma.
Repercussions of preterm birth on symptoms of asthma, allergic diseases and pulmonary function, 6-14 years later.
Recombinant human deoxyribonuclease therapy improves airway resistance and reduces DNA extracellular traps in a murine acute asthma model.
Effect of intranasal rosiglitazone on airway inflammation and remodeling in a murine model of chronic asthma.
Protective Effects of Diallyl Sulfide on Ovalbumin-Induced Pulmonary Inflammation of Allergic Asthma Mice by MicroRNA-144, -34a, and -34b/c-Modulated Nrf2 Activation.
Initiating an online asthma management program in urban emergency departments: the recruitment experience.
[Fine particulate matter estimated by mathematical model and hospitalizations for pneumonia and asthma in children].
Predictors of flourishing for adolescents with asthma.
Prenatal exposure to H2 blockers and to proton pump inhibitors and asthma development in offspring.
Parental Perceptions and Practices toward Childhood Asthma.
[Identification of gaps in the clinical patient care of asthma in Spain. Results of the OPTIMA-GEMA survey].
Sappanone A Attenuates Allergic Airway Inflammation in Ovalbumin-Induced Asthma.
Smoking and New-Onset Asthma in a Prospective Study on Italian Adults.
The Cost of Asthma Treatment in Phramongkutlao Hospital: Population-Based Study in Adults.
Identification of Susceptibility Genes of Adult Asthma in French Canadian Women.
Contemporaneous International Asthma Guidelines Present Differing Recommendations: An Analysis.
Recent Patents for the Treatment of Asthma.
Seasonal Exacerbation of Asthma Is Frequently Associated with Recurrent Episodes of Acute Urticaria.
Relation of the Timing of Onset of Rhinitis and Cough to Asthma Attack in Children.
Emerging Comorbidities in Adult Asthma: Risks, Clinical Associations, and Mechanisms.
Different effects of long-term exposures to SO2 and NO2 air pollutants on asthma severity in young adults.
Comparative study of periostin expression in different respiratory samples in patients with asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Classification of Asthma Based on Nonlinear Analysis of Breathing Pattern.
Effects of vitamin D levels on asthma control and severity in pre-school children.
Effects of continuity of care on emergency department utilization in children with asthma.
Asthma medication prescribing before, during and after pregnancy: a study in seven European regions.
[Impact of obesity on response to therapy and pulmonary function in children with asthma].
The parasitic worm-derived immunomodulator, ES-62 and its drug-like small molecule analogues exhibit therapeutic potential in a model of chronic asthma.
Phase 2, randomised placebo-controlled trial to evaluate the efficacy and safety of an anti-GM-CSF antibody (KB003) in patients with inadequately controlled asthma.
Active play exercise intervention in children with asthma: a PILOT STUDY.
SMART (Student Media-based Asthma Research Team): Engaging Adolescents to Understand Asthma in Their Communities.
Suspected Allergic Bronchopulmonary Aspergillosis Cases in Adult Bronchial Asthma Patients Attending a Tertiary Care Clinic.
A Low-Literacy Asthma Action Plan to Improve Provider Asthma Counseling: A Randomized Study.
Diagnostic challenges of adult asthma.
Role of T2 inflammation biomarkers in severe asthma.
Asthma control and exacerbations: two different sides of the same coin.
Emerging monoclonal antibodies as targeted innovative therapeutic approaches to asthma.
The Influence of Insulin Therapy on the Course of Acute Exacerbation of Bronchial Asthma.
Discussions About Antibiotics During Adolescent Asthma Visits: Implications for Providers.
Downregulated Rac1 promotes apoptosis and inhibits the clearance of apoptotic cells in airway epithelial cells, which may be associated with airway hyper-responsiveness in asthma.
Bronchial Thermoplasty-Induced Acute Airway Effects Assessed with Optical Coherence Tomography in Severe Asthma.
The AAA Risk Factors Scale: A New Model to Screen for the Risk of Asthma, Allergic Rhinitis and Atopic Dermatitis in Children.
Exacerbations in Adults with Asthma: A Systematic Review and External Validation of Prediction Models.
Comparing the effects of fluticasone, anti-IgE and anti-TNF treatments in a chronic asthma model.
Lung responses in murine models of experimental asthma: Value of house dust mite over ovalbumin sensitization.
Emerging understanding of the mechanism of action of Bronchial Thermoplasty in asthma.
Stepping down from inhaled corticosteroids with leukotriene inhibitors in asthma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Defining moderate asthma exacerbations in clinical trials based on ATS/ERS joint statement.
Characteristics of eosinophilic and non-eosinophilic asthma during treatment with inhaled corticosteroids.
Creating District Readiness for Implementing Evidence-Based School-Centered Asthma Programs: Denver Public Schools as a Case Study.
Anti‑inflammatory effects of dihydromyricetin in a mouse model of asthma.
Asthma COPD Overlap Syndrome: An Approach to A Real -World Endotype in Obstructive Lung Disease?
Review of Mouse Models Applied to the Study of Asthma.
Risk and Protective Factors for Childhood Asthma: What Is the Evidence?
Changes in clinical conversations when providers are informed of asthma patients' beliefs about medication use and integrative medical therapies.
Is asthma prevalence still increasing?
Ethnic Variation in Response to IM Triamcinolone in Children With Severe Therapy-Resistant Asthma.
Defining the Asthma-COPD Overlap Syndrome in a COPD Cohort.
Laryngopharyngeal symptoms in patients with asthma: a cross-sectional controlled study.
Management of Asthma in the Preschool Child.
Childhood asthma from a health equity perspective: The case of Latin America and the Caribbean.
The relationship between asthma, asthma control and economic outcomes in the United States.
Real-world effects of two inhaled corticosteroid/long-acting β₂-agonist combinations in the treatment of asthma.
Differential DNA methylation profiles of infants exposed to maternal asthma during pregnancy.
Exhaled breath condensate pH does not discriminate asymptomatic gastroesophageal reflux or the response to lansoprazole treatment in children with poorly controlled asthma.
Multiple chronic conditions and asthma: implications for practice and research.
The risks, benefits, and uncertainties of stepping down asthma medications.
Characteristic DNA methylation profiles in peripheral blood monocytes are associated with inflammatory phenotypes of asthma.
Gender differences in work-related asthma: surveillance data from California, Massachusetts, Michigan, and New Jersey, 1993-2008.
"Looking out for each other": a qualitative study on the role of social network interactions in asthma management among adult Latino patients presenting to an emergency department.
Reduced epithelial suppressor of cytokine signalling 1 in severe eosinophilic asthma.
In Utero Exposure to Aspirin and Risk of Asthma in Childhood.
Effects of fastigial nucleus electrostimulation on airway inflammation and remodeling in an experimental rat model of asthma.
High dimensional immune biomarkers demonstrate differences in phenotypes and endotypes in food allergy and asthma.
Association between ADAM metallopeptidase domain 33 gene polymorphism and risk of childhood asthma: a meta-analysis.
Relationship between physical activity level and psychosocial and socioeconomic factors and issues in children and adolescents with asthma: a scoping review.
Arginine metabolic endotypes related to asthma severity.
Improving Asthma Care by Building Statewide Quality Improvement Infrastructure.
Respiratory Conditions Update: Asthma.
Auditing Practice Style Variation in Pediatric Inpatient Asthma Care.
The receptor for advanced glycation end products is required for β-catenin stabilization in a chemical-induced asthma model.
Consequences of long-term oral corticosteroid therapy and its side-effects in severe asthma in adults: a focused review of the impact data in the literature.
Src-dependent EGFR transactivation regulates lung inflammation via downstream signaling involving ERK1/2, PI3Kδ/Akt and NFκB induction in a murine asthma model.
Thermoneutral housing temperature regulates T-regulatory cell function and inhibits ovabumin-induced asthma development in mice.
MicroRNA-98 interferes with thrombospondin 1 expression in peripheral B cells of patients with asthma.
Predictive risk factors for relapse after cessation of inhaled corticosteroids in well-controlled childhood asthma.
Combination therapy of inhaled steroids and long-acting beta2-agonists in asthma-COPD overlap syndrome.
Beauveria attenuates asthma by inhibiting inflammatory response and inducing lymphocytic cell apoptosis.
Is there a place for nebulised magnesium sulphate in the management of asthma?
Mind-body interactions in the regulation of airway inflammation in asthma: A PET study of acute and chronic stress.
Characterization of the acute inflammatory profile and resolution of airway inflammation after Igf1r-gene targeting in a murine model of HDM-induced asthma.
Extracorporeal membrane oxygenation for life-threatening asthma refractory to mechanical ventilation: analysis of the Extracorporeal Life Support Organization registry.
The Contribution of Oxidative Stress and Inflamm-Aging in Human and Equine Asthma.
New onset of asthma and job status change among world trade center responders and workers.
The interaction between bronchoconstriction and cough in asthma.
Asthma, allergy and the Olympics: a 12-year survey in elite athletes.
Phenotypes of severe asthma among children and adolescents in Brazil: a prospective study.
Phenotype of asthma related with high serum periostin levels.
The impact of co-existing seasonal allergic rhinitis caused by Japanese Cedar Pollinosis (SAR-JCP) upon asthma control status.
Can serial PEF measurements separate occupational asthma from allergic alveolitis?
Antidepressant use during pregnancy and asthma in the offspring.
Parent-reported outcomes of a shared decision-making portal in asthma: a practice-based RCT.
In the strategies to prevent asthma exacerbations, allergic asthma needs specific treatment.
Inhibitory effects of kaempferol-3-O-rhamnoside on ovalbumin-induced lung inflammation in a mouse model of allergic asthma.
The role of circulating 25 hydroxyvitamin D in asthma: a systematic review.
Bu-Shen-Yi-Qi formulae suppress chronic airway inflammation and regulate Th17/Treg imbalance in the murine ovalbumin asthma model.
Cohort study of a simple 'Step-Up' regimen with the Asthma Control Test.
The impact of asthma exacerbations and preventive strategies.
Association between Western diet pattern and adult asthma: a focused review.
The prevalence of severe refractory asthma.
The effect of asthma education program on knowledge of school teachers: a randomized controlled trial.
[Effects of 1, 25-(OH)2D3 on airway remodeling and airway epithelial cell apoptosis in a murine model of asthma].
Exposure to air pollution and development of asthma and  rhinoconjunctivitis throughout childhood and adolescence:  a population-based birth cohort study.
Adherence to management guidelines for childhood asthma in Australia.
Prevalence of asthma medical diagnosis among Brazilian adults: National Health Survey, 2013.
Direct medical cost of Thai pediatric asthma management: a pilot study.
Asthma Controller Medication Adherence, Risk of Exacerbation, and Use of Rescue Agents Among Texas Medicaid Patients with Persistent Asthma.
Rhinovirus in the Pathogenesis and Clinical Course of Asthma.
Biomarker Profiles in Asthma With High vs Low Airway Reversibility and Poor Disease Control.
PARP is activated in human asthma and its inhibition by olaparib blocks house dust mite-induced disease in mice.
Prenatal stress and childhood asthma in the offspring: role of age at onset.
Relations of exhaled nitric oxide and FEV1 to personal endotoxin exposure in schoolchildren with asthma.
Activation of Transient Receptor Potential Ankyrin-1 by Insoluble Particulate Material and Association with Asthma.
Comparison of variation in frequency for SNPs associated with asthma or liver disease between Estonia, HapMap populations and the 1000 genome project populations.
Asthma and Wheeze Prevalence among Nursing Professionals in Western Japan: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Roflumilast for asthma: Efficacy findings in mechanism of action studies.
Breastfeeding and asthma and allergies: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Asthma and allergy in children with and without prior measles, mumps, and rubella vaccination.
Heterogeneity of lower airway inflammation in children with severe-persistent asthma.
Glucagon-like peptide 1: A potential anti-inflammatory pathway in obesity-related asthma.
Pathogenic CD4<sup>+</sup> T cells in patients with asthma.
A preliminary study on the association of single nucleotide polymorphisms of interleukin 4 (IL4), IL13, IL4 receptor alpha (IL4Rα) & Toll-like receptor 4 (TLR4) genes with asthma in Indian adults.
The relationship between adiponectin levels and epicardial adipose tissue thickness in non-obese children with asthma.
[Relationship between serum 25-hydroxyl-vitamin D3 levels and galectin-3 levels in serum and bronchoalveolar lavage fluid in children with asthma].
Can Vitamin D Supplementation in Addition to Asthma Controllers Improve Clinical Outcomes in Patients With Asthma?: A Meta-Analysis.
Prenatal Stress, Prematurity, and Asthma.
ANTHROPOMETRIC INDICATORS OF GENERAL AND CENTRAL OBESITY IN THE PREDICTION OF ASTHMA IN ADOLESCENTS; CENTRAL OBESITY IN ASTHMA.
The Wnt/β-catenin signaling pathway regulates the development of airway remodeling in patients with asthma.
Developing and Implementing a Citywide Asthma Action Plan: A Community Collaborative Partnership.
Connexin 43 Upregulation in Mouse Lungs during Ovalbumin-Induced Asthma.
Association Between Adherence to the Mediterranean Diet and Asthma in Peruvian Children.
Role of the fixed combination of fluticasone and salmeterol in adult Chinese patients with asthma and COPD.
Multicentre observational study of adults with asthma exacerbations: who are the frequent users of the emergency department in Japan?
Patients' perspective of barriers and facilitators to taking long-term controller medication for asthma: a novel taxonomy.
Experimentally manipulated sleep duration in adolescents with asthma: Feasibility and preliminary findings.
Asthma control and cognitive function in a cohort of elderly adults.
MicroRNAs and Asthma Regulation.
Immune profile modulation of blood and mucosal eosinophils in nasal polyposis with concomitant asthma.
Assessing the risks and benefits of step-down asthma care: a case-based approach.
Local and systemic proteolytic responses in chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis and asthma.
Respiratory disease and respiratory physiology: putting lung function into perspective: paediatric asthma.
Do children with stable asthma benefit from addition of montelukast to inhaled corticosteroids: randomized, placebo controlled trial.
Calcium channel blocker reduces airway remodeling in severe asthma. A proof-of-concept study.
Chitinase 3-like-1 regulates both visceral fat accumulation and asthma-like Th2 inflammation.
Atorvastatin in combination with inhaled beclometasone modulates inflammatory sputum mediators in smokers with asthma.
Aging and the microbiome: implications for asthma in the elderly?
The relationship between allergen immunotherapy and omalizumab for treating asthma.
Nitric oxide suppresses LPS-induced inflammation in a mouse asthma model by attenuating the interaction of IKK and Hsp90.
The histamine H4 -receptor (H4 R) regulates eosinophilic inflammation in ovalbumin-induced experimental allergic asthma in mice.
Overweight children report qualitatively distinct asthma symptoms: analysis of validated symptom measures.
Cost-effectiveness of bronchial thermoplasty in commercially-insured patients with poorly controlled, severe, persistent asthma.
Validation of a questionnaire against clinical assessment in the diagnosis of asthma in school children.
Xerostomia relates to the degree of asthma control.
Implication of novel thiazolo-thiophene derivative (MCD-KV-10) for management of asthma.
Allergens, germs and asthma.
The role of Tc-99m DTPA aerosol scintigraphy in the differential diagnosis of COPD and asthma.
Association of Tumor Necrosis Factor Alpha 308 G/A Polymorphism with Asthma in Pakistani Population.
Efficacy and safety of nebulised amphotericin B (NAB) in severe asthma with fungal sensitisation (SAFS) and allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis (ABPA).
A comparison of the efficacy of once-daily fluticasone furoate/vilanterole with twice-daily fluticasone propionate/salmeterol in asthma-COPD overlap syndrome.
Lipopolysaccharide (LPS) exposure differently affects allergic asthma exacerbations and its amelioration by intranasal curcumin in mice.
Longitudinal changes in airway remodeling and air trapping in severe asthma.
Biomarkers of oxidative stress in acute and chronic bronchial asthma.
Preventive asthma medication discontinuation among children enrolled in fee-for-service Medicaid.
Reducing patients' exposures to asthma and allergy triggers in their homes: an evaluation of effectiveness of grades of forced air ventilation filters.
Serum sST2 levels predict severe exacerbation of asthma.
Brg1 aggravates airway inflammation in asthma via inhibition of the PI3K/Akt/mTOR pathway.
Synergistic activation of pro-inflammatory type-2 CD8<sup>+</sup> T lymphocytes by lipid mediators in severe eosinophilic asthma.
Using a Mixture-of-Bivariate-Regressions Model to Explore Heterogeneity of Effects of the Use of Inhaled Corticosteroids on Gestational Age and Birth Weight Among Pregnant Women With Asthma.
A mobile platform for automated screening of asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Transient Receptor Potential Ankyrin 1 (TRPA1) Channel and Neurogenic Inflammation in Pathogenesis of Asthma.
Epidemiology and Pulmonary Physiology of Severe Asthma.
Obesity and symptoms of depression contribute independently to the poor asthma control of obesity.
Patients' beliefs and behaviors related to treatment adherence in patients with asthma requiring maintenance treatment in Asia.
Assessing asthma severity among children and adults with current asthma.
The Portuguese DISABKIDS Asthma Module: a global index of asthma-specific quality of life for children and adolescents.
Circulating microRNAs and association with methacholine PC20 in the Childhood Asthma Management Program (CAMP) cohort.
Modeling T<sub>H</sub> 2 responses and airway inflammation to understand fundamental mechanisms regulating the pathogenesis of asthma.
Usefulness of Nonvalved Spacers for Administration of Inhaled Steroids in Young Children with Recurrent Wheezing and Risk Factors for Asthma.
Differences in prevalence of asthma-COPD overlap according to different criteria.
Clinical characteristics of adult asthma associated with small airway dysfunction.
Anti-asthmatic effect of pitavastatin through aerosol inhalation is associated with CD4+ CD25+ Foxp3+ T cells in an asthma mouse model.
Citrus tachibana Leaves Ethanol Extract Alleviates Airway Inflammation by the Modulation of Th1/Th2 Imbalance via Inhibiting NF-κB Signaling and Histamine Secretion in a Mouse Model of Allergic Asthma.
Oral administration of Saccharomyces cerevisiae UFMG A-905 prevents allergic asthma in mice.
Randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled, cross-over single dose study of the bronchodilator duration of action of combination fluticasone furoate/vilanterol inhaler in adult asthma.
Major grass pollen allergens and components detected in a southern Chinese cohort of patients with allergic rhinitis and/or asthma.
Protective effect of early prenatal stress on the induction of asthma in adult mice: Sex-specific differences.
Wastewater-based epidemiological evaluation of the effect of air pollution on short-acting beta-agonist consumption for acute asthma treatment.
Educating professionals to support self-management in people with asthma or diabetes: protocol for a systematic review and scoping exercise.
miR-155: A Novel Target in Allergic Asthma.
Phamacology of fluticasone furoate and vilanterol trifenatate combination therapy for asthma.
MBL2 polymorphisms and the risk of asthma: A meta-analysis.
Impact of the Arg 16 allele of the B2AR gene on the effect of withdrawal of LABA in patients with moderate to severe asthma.
Investigating lung responses with functional hyperpolarized xenon-129 MRI in an ex vivo rat model of asthma.
[Effects of ketotifen on fractional exhaled nitric oxide in patients with combined allergic rhinitis and asthma syndrome].
rs12603332 is associated with male asthma patients specifically in urban areas of Lahore, Pakistan.
Assessment of Inhalation Technique in Clinical and Functional Control of Asthma and Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease.
[Association of Polymorphic Variants of Gene MUC19 with Asthma in Russians According to the Results of a Genome-Wide Study].
KyoT2 downregulates airway remodeling in asthma.
Factors associated with quality of life in patients with severe asthma: the impact of pharmacotherapy.
A systematic review of predictive models for asthma development in children.
Addition of long-acting beta2-agonists to inhaled corticosteroids for chronic asthma in children.
Passive transfer of lipopolysaccharide-derived myeloid-derived suppressor cells inhibits asthma-related airway inflammation.
The impact of allergic rhinitis on the management of asthma in a working population.
Healthcare utilisation by pregnant patients with asthma in South Korea: a cohort study using nationwide claims data.
Early Exposure to Dogs and Farm Animals and the Risk of Childhood Asthma.
Leukotriene-receptor antagonists versus placebo in the treatment of asthma in adults and adolescents: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Community Health Worker Home Visits for Medicaid-Enrolled Children With Asthma: Effects on Asthma Outcomes and Costs.
Incidence of rhinitis and asthma related to welding in Northern Europe.
Platelets promote allergic asthma through the expression of CD154.
Comparison between objective measures of smoking and self-reported smoking status in patients with asthma or COPD: are our patients telling us the truth?
Application of multicategory exposure marginal structural models to investigate the association between long-acting beta-agonists and prescribing of oral corticosteroids for asthma exacerbations in the Clinical Practice Research Datalink.
Effect of TRPV1 gene mutation on bronchial asthma in children before and after treatment.
The effects of disease awareness on lifestyle changes and the use of preventive measures in asthma patients.
Allergen sensitization profiles in a population-based cohort of children hospitalized for asthma.
Grandmother's smoking when pregnant with the mother and asthma in the grandchild: the Norwegian Mother and Child Cohort Study.
Airway wall thickness of allergic asthma caused by weed pollen or house dust mite assessed by computed tomography.
Environmental tobacco smoke exposure, urine CC-16 levels, and asthma outcomes among Chinese children.
The use of prostaglandin E₁ in peripartum patients with asthma.
Personalized medicine in children with asthma.
Does type D personality affect symptom control and quality of life in asthma patients?
Exhaled nitric oxide and the management of childhood asthma--yet another promising biomarker "has been" or a misunderstood gem.
Incentive spirometry combined with expiratory positive airway pressure improves asthma control and quality of life in asthma: a randomised controlled trial.
Long-term benefits of inhaled corticosteroids in asthma: the propensity score method.
Validation of a questionnaire in Spanish on asthma knowledge in teachers.
Urban-rural differences in asthma prevalence among young adolescents: The role of behavioural and environmental factors.
Acceptance of a pre-visit intervention to engage teens in pediatric asthma visits.
From Intention to Action: Nurses as Policy Advocates for Asthma Care in Schools.
Assessment of inspiratory flow in bronchial asthma by using a portable meter.
[A rare cause of eosinophilic asthma: Hyper-IgG4 syndrome (IgG4-related sclerosing disease)].
COMPARISON OF LUNG ATTENUATION AND HETEROGENEITY BETWEEN CATS WITH EXPERIMENTALLY INDUCED ALLERGIC ASTHMA, NATURALLY OCCURRING ASTHMA AND NORMAL CATS.
Genetic risk factors for decreased bone mineral accretion in children with asthma receiving multiple oral corticosteroid bursts.
Safety of Grass Pollen Sublingual Immunotherapy for Allergic Rhinitis in Concomitant Asthma.
Evaluation of quality of life according to asthma control and asthma severity in children and adolescents.
Evaluation of a Home-Based Pulmonary Rehabilitation Program for Older Females Suffering from Bronchial Asthma.
Optimising the management of patients with difficult asthma.
[The asthma-COPD overlap syndrome].
A pilot randomized controlled trial of pioglitazone for the treatment of poorly controlled asthma in obesity.
Eosinophil cationic protein mRNA expression in children with bronchial asthma.
Continuous Exposure to Low-Dose-Rate Gamma Irradiation Reduces Airway Inflammation in Ovalbumin-Induced Asthma.
Association of TLR4 (896A/G and 1196C/T) Gene Polymorphisms with Asthma Risk: A Meta-Analysis.
Pooled Sequencing of Candidate Genes Implicates Rare Variants in the Development of Asthma Following Severe RSV Bronchiolitis in Infancy.
Racial Disparities in Asthma Hospitalizations Following Implementation of the Smoke-Free Air Law, Michigan, 2002-2012.
Parents and adolescents preferences for asthma control: a best-worst scaling choice experiment using an orthogonal main effects design.
[Effects of asthma and inhaled corticosteroids in children on the final adult height: a systemic review and Meta analysis].
Characteristics and severity of asthma in children with and without atopic conditions: a cross-sectional study.
Harsh parent-child conflict is associated with decreased anti-inflammatory gene expression and increased symptom severity in children with asthma.
Metabolic alterations in the sera of Chinese patients with mild persistent asthma: a GC-MS-based metabolomics analysis.
Use of ICS/LABA on Asthma Exacerbation Risk in Patients Within a Medical Group.
Ginsenoside Rh2 attenuates allergic airway inflammation by modulating nuclear factor-κB activation in a murine model of asthma.
Ambient Ammonia Exposures in an Agricultural Community and Pediatric Asthma Morbidity.
Assessment of acute asthma severity in the ED: are heart and respiratory rates relevant?
Asthma Self-Management Goals, Beliefs and Behaviors of Urban African American Adolescents Prior to Transitioning to Adult Health Care.
School Endotoxin Exposure and Asthma Morbidity in Inner-city Children.
The prevalence of sleep-disordered breathing in children with asthma and its behavioral effects.
Once-daily tiotropium Respimat(®) 5 μg is an efficacious 24-h bronchodilator in adults with symptomatic asthma.
Changes in CD4+CD25+FoxP3+ Regulatory T Cells and Serum Cytokines in Sublingual and Subcutaneous Immunotherapy in Allergic Rhinitis with or without Asthma.
Influence of asthma on the longitudinal trajectories of cigarette use behaviors from adolescence to adulthood using latent growth curve models.
Causes of death in patients with asthma and asthma-chronic obstructive pulmonary disease overlap syndrome.
An ADAM33 polymorphism associates with progression of preschool wheeze into childhood asthma: a prospective case-control study with replication in a birth cohort study.
Biologics in asthma--the next step toward personalized treatment.
Moisture damage and asthma: a birth cohort study.
Maternal preeclampsia and childhood asthma in the offspring.
Childhood asthma is associated with polymorphic markers of PROC on 2q14 in addition to 17q21 locus.
Neighborhood poverty, urban residence, race/ethnicity, and asthma: Rethinking the inner-city asthma epidemic.
Vitamin D reduces eosinophilic airway inflammation in nonatopic asthma.
Therapeutic effects of resveratrol in a mouse model of HDM-induced allergic asthma.
Children's emergency department use for asthma, 2001-2010.
Oral immunotherapy in cow's milk allergic patients: course and long-term outcome according to asthma status.
Relationship between prenatal antibiotic use and asthma in at-risk children.
Safety of sublingual immunotherapy Timothy grass tablet in subjects with allergic rhinitis with or without conjunctivitis and history of asthma.
Rhinoviruses significantly affect day-to-day respiratory symptoms of children with asthma.
Asthma with allergic rhinitis management in China: a nationwide survey of respiratory specialists at tertiary hospitals.
Caregiver quality of life in pediatric asthma: associations with beliefs and concerns about medications and emergency department use.
Development of an International School Nurse Asthma Care Coordination Model.
Characteristics of postural control among young adults with asthma.
A nested case-control study: personal, social and environmental correlates of vigorous physical activity in adolescents with asthma.
Real life study of three years omalizumab in patients with difficult-to-control asthma.
Effect of a home intervention program on pediatric asthma in an environmental justice community.
Level of serum neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalin in childhood asthma.
Inhaled corticosteroids and risk of upper respiratory tract infection in patients with asthma: a meta-analysis.
Budesonide + formoterol fumarate dihydrate for the treatment of asthma.
Alteration in systemic markers of oxidative and antioxidative status in Tunisian patients with asthma: relationships with clinical severity and airflow limitation.
Differential neutrophil activation in viral infections: Enhanced TLR-7/8-mediated CXCL8 release in asthma.
Are children with asthma overconfident that they are using their inhalers correctly?
Lack of association between RAD50-IL13 polymorphisms and pediatric asthma susceptibility in Northeastern Han Chinese.
[The feasibility of screening for COPD and asthma in the general population].
Breast milk fatty acid composition has a long-term effect on the risk of asthma, eczema, and sensitization.
Hair cortisol as a hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis biomarker in pregnant women with asthma: a retrospective observational study.
Indoor microbial communities: Influence on asthma severity in atopic and nonatopic children.
Comparative analysis of creatinine and osmolality as urine normalization strategies in targeted metabolomics for the differential diagnosis of asthma and COPD.
An Expert Diagnostic System to Automatically Identify Asthma and Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease in Clinical Settings.
Flavocoxid attenuates airway inflammation in ovalbumin-induced mouse asthma model.
Measurement of endocrine disrupting and asthma-associated chemicals in hair products used by Black women.
Fibrinogen cleavage products and Toll-like receptor 4 promote the generation of programmed cell death 1 ligand 2-positive dendritic cells in allergic asthma.
ED chest radiography for children with asthma exacerbation is infrequently associated with change of management.
The immune-modulatory effects of a mixed herbal formula on dendritic cells and CD4+ T lymphocytes in the treatment of dust mite allergy asthma and perennial allergic rhinitis.
The Effect of Tiotropium in Symptomatic Asthma Despite Low- to Medium-Dose Inhaled Corticosteroids: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
Long-term efficacy and safety of bronchial thermoplasty in patients with moderate-to-severe persistent asthma: a systemic review and meta-analysis.
Environmental factors affecting seasonality of ambulance emergency service visits for exacerbations of asthma and COPD.
Evaluation of symptoms & spirometry in children treated for asthma.
[Research advances in association between pediatric obesity and bronchial asthma].
The role of autophagy in allergic inflammation: a new target for severe asthma.
Role and challenges of severe asthma services: insights from the UK registry.
Fuzzy model to estimate the number of hospitalizations for asthma and pneumonia under the effects of air pollution.
The Cell Research Trends of Asthma: A Stem Frequency Analysis of the Literature.
eQTL discovery and their association with severe equine asthma in European Warmblood horses.
Subsidized Housing and Adult Asthma in Boston, 2010-2015.
Programmed vaccination may increase the prevalence of asthma and allergic diseases.
Severe eosinophilic asthma treated with mepolizumab stratified by baseline eosinophil thresholds: a secondary analysis of the DREAM and MENSA studies.
Prevalence and characteristics of asthma-COPD overlap syndrome identified by a stepwise approach.
Prevalence trends in the characteristics of patients with allergic asthma in Beijing, 1994 to 2014.
Biologics for asthma and allergy.
Recommending Oral Probiotics to Reduce Winter Antibiotic Prescriptions in People With Asthma: A Pragmatic Randomized Controlled Trial.
Analysis of Asthma-Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease Overlap Syndrome Defined on the Basis of Bronchodilator Response and Degree of Emphysema.
The effect of cannabinoids on dinitrofluorobenzene-induced experimental asthma in mice.
Non-allergic asthma as a CFTR-related disorder.
Comparative Analysis of Persistence to Treatment among Patients with Asthma or COPD Receiving AirFluSal Forspiro or Seretide Diskus Salmeterol/Fluticasone Propionate Combination Therapy.
The path to personalized medicine in asthma.
Rapid review: sinonasal surgery vs. medical therapy for asthma in patients with chronic rhinosinusitis with or without nasal polyps.
Oxidative stress and macrophages: driving forces behind exacerbations of asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease?
Efficacy, safety, and tolerability of once-daily abediterol in patients with stable, persistent asthma: a Phase II, randomized, 7-day, crossover study.
Variations in risk of asthma and seasonal allergies between early- and late-onset pediatric atopic dermatitis: A cohort study.
The participation of oxidative stress in the pathogenesis of bronchial asthma.
Identifying patients with asthma in primary care electronic medical record systems     Chart analysis-based electronic algorithm validation study.
Effect of early vitamin D supplementation on asthma and the possible mechanisms.
Ten-year longitudinal study of factors influencing nocturnal asthma symptoms among Asian patients in primary care.
Anticholinergic vs Long-Acting β-Agonist in Combination With Inhaled Corticosteroids in Black Adults With Asthma: The BELT Randomized Clinical Trial.
Prevalence and severity of asthmatic symptoms in Grenadian school children: the Grenada National Asthma Survey.
Predicting asthma control deterioration in children.
Sex-Based Differences in Asthma among Preschool and School-Aged Children in Korea.
[Effects of subunit influenza vaccines in a mouse model of asthma].
Maternal Asthma, Preterm Birth, and Risk of Bronchopulmonary Dysplasia.
Budesonide inhaler device switch patterns in an asthma population in Swedish clinical practice (ASSURE).
Pharmacodynamic genome-wide association study identifies new responsive loci for glucocorticoid intervention in asthma.
Raw Cow's Milk and Its Protective Effect on Allergies and Asthma.
[Effects of Education about Action Plans according to Self-Monitoring on Self-Management Adherence, Knowledge, Symptom Control, and Quality of Life among Adult Asthma Patients: A Randomized Controlled Trial].
Prenatal vitamin D supplementation reduces risk of asthma/recurrent wheeze in early childhood: A combined analysis of two randomized controlled trials.
Association of asthma-chronic obstructive pulmonary disease overlap syndrome with coronary artery disease, cardiac dysrhythmia and heart failure: a population-based retrospective cohort study.
Response to omalizumab in patients with severe allergic asthma: A real-life study.
Measuring medication adherence in asthma: Development of a novel self-report tool.
Selected bone morphogenetic proteins - the possibility of their use in the diagnostics and therapy of severe asthma.
[The degree of asthma severity in children and the level of maternal anxiety and depression].
[Influence of tobacco smoking on the risk of developing asthma].
Persistent severe hypereosinophilic asthma is not associated with airway remodeling.
Primary adherence to controller medications for asthma is poor.
What is left unsaid: an interpretive description of the information needs of parents of children with asthma.
Structure-function analysis of CCL28 in the development of post-viral asthma.
Maternal and paternal indoor or outdoor smoking and the risk of asthma in their children: a nationwide prospective birth cohort study.
Sparse modeling of spatial environmental variables associated with asthma.
Cotinine level is associated with asthma severity in passive smoker children.
Association between asthma and serious psychological distress among male veterans compared to civilian counterparts.
Pediatric asthma: guidelines-based care, omalizumab, and other potential biologic agents.
MicroRNA-19a enhances proliferation of bronchial epithelial cells by targeting TGFβR2 gene in severe asthma.
Prenatal and infant exposure to acetaminophen and ibuprofen and the risk for wheeze and asthma in children.
DNA-dependent protein kinase inhibition blocks asthma in mice and modulates human endothelial and CD4⁺ T-cell function without causing severe combined immunodeficiency.
External validation of blood eosinophils, FE(NO) and serum periostin as surrogates for sputum eosinophils in asthma.
The efficacy and safety of subcutaneous immunotherapy in mite-sensitized subjects with asthma: a meta-analysis.
Adult asthma increases dementia risk: a nationwide cohort study.
Measurement properties of an asthma symptom and rescue medication use diary.
Urban adults' perceptions of factors influencing asthma control.
iNOS affects matrix production in distal lung fibroblasts from patients with mild asthma.
Adiponectin in Asthma and Obesity: Protective Agent or Risk Factor for More Severe Disease?
Analysis of prescription pattern and guideline adherence in the management of asthma among medical institutions and physician specialties in Taiwan between 2000 and 2010.
Neutrophils in respiratory syncytial virus infection: A target for asthma prevention.
Patients with chronic rhinosinusitis and simultaneous bronchial asthma suffer from significant extraesophageal reflux.
5-HTTLPR genotype, asthma, diabetes and late-life depression in an older French population.
Asthma-like symptoms in a patient with rheumatoid arthritis and Adalimumab treatment.
[Immunotherapy effect of ploypeptide vaccine of allergen group 1 from Dermatophagoides farinae on asthma mice].
Evaluation of multidrug resistance-1 gene C>T polymorphism frequency in patients with asthma.
The effectiveness of school-based family asthma educational programs on the quality of life and number of asthma exacerbations of children aged five to 18 years diagnosed with asthma: a systematic review protocol.
Time Trend Analysis of the Prevalence and Incidence of Diagnosed Asthma and Traditional Chinese Medicine Use among Adults in Taiwan from 2000 to 2011: A Population-Based Study.
Asthma and Obstructive Sleep Apnea.
Caerulomycin A inhibits Th2 cell activity: a possible role in the management of asthma.
Seventy Years of Asthma in Italy: Age, Period and Cohort Effects on Incidence and Remission of Self-Reported Asthma from 1940 to 2010.
[The differentiation and clinical significance of follicular helper T cells during acute exacerbation in asthma patients].
Early predictors of asthma and allergy in children: the role of epigenetics.
Difficult-to-control asthma: epidemiology and its link with environmental factors.
β-Blockers have differential effects on the murine asthma phenotype.
Gender differences in adult-onset asthma: results from the Swiss SAPALDIA cohort study.
[Establishment of an ovalbumin-induced bronchial asthma model in mice with intrauterine growth retardation].
Sinus and adenoid inflammation in children with chronic rhinosinusitis and asthma.
Age-of-asthma onset as a determinant of different asthma phenotypes in adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis of the literature.
Adipose tissue content and distribution in children and adolescents with bronchial asthma.
Changes in prevalence of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and asthma in the US population and associated risk factors.
Relationship between obesity and sex, and prevalence of asthma-like disease and current wheeze in Han children in Nanjing, China.
Higher energy efficient homes are associated with increased risk of doctor diagnosed asthma in a UK subpopulation.
Greater temperature variation within a day associated with increased emergency hospital admissions for asthma.
Pragmatic randomized controlled trial of a structured allergy intervention for adults with asthma and rhinitis in general practice.
Is non-invasive ventilation safe in acute severe asthma?
Determinants of weight loss success utilizing a meal replacement plan and/or exercise, in overweight and obese adults with asthma.
Asthma control questionnaires in the management of asthma in children: A review.
Macrophage activation, age and sex effects of immunometabolism in obese asthma.
Persistent differences in asthma self-efficacy by race, ethnicity, and income in adults with asthma.
Pharmacokinetics of tralokinumab in adolescents with asthma: implications for future dosing.
Quantification of airway fibrosis in asthma by flow cytometry.
Modeling asthma: Pitfalls, promises, and the road ahead.
Subcutaneous immunotherapy with purified Der p1 and 2 suppresses type 2 immunity in a murine asthma model.
Differences in urinary leukotriene E4 levels and distribution of eosinophils between chronic rhinosinusitis patients with aspirin-intolerant and -tolerant asthma.
ASTHMA PREDICTIVE INDEX AND NITRIC OXIDE PROGNOSTIC VALUE IN YOUNG CHILDREN WITH RECURRENT WHEEZING.
Oral edible plant vaccine containing hypoallergen of American cockroach major allergen Per a 2 prevents roach-allergic asthma in a murine model.
Self-reported prenatal tobacco smoke exposure, AXL gene-body methylation, and childhood asthma phenotypes.
Effect of tralokinumab, an interleukin-13 neutralising monoclonal antibody, on eosinophilic airway inflammation in uncontrolled moderate-to-severe asthma (MESOS): a multicentre, double-blind, randomised, placebo-controlled phase 2 trial.
Neuropeptide S (NPS) variants modify the signaling and risk effects of NPS Receptor 1 (NPSR1) variants in asthma.
Cardiovascular and cerebrovascular events among patients receiving omalizumab: Results from EXCELS, a prospective cohort study in moderate to severe asthma.
Birth cohorts in asthma and allergic diseases: report of a NIAID/NHLBI/MeDALL joint workshop.
Patient reminder systems and asthma medication adherence: a systematic review.
Asthma medication adherence among urban teens: a qualitative analysis of barriers, facilitators and experiences with school-based care.
High sputum total adiponectin is associated with low odds for asthma.
Genome-wide association analysis identifies 11 risk variants associated with the asthma with hay fever phenotype.
The risk of maternal and placental complications in pregnant women with asthma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The intersection between asthma and acute chest syndrome in children with sickle-cell anaemia.
Hyper IgE in Childhood Eczema and Risk of Asthma in Chinese Children.
Hypoxic Challenge Testing for Fitness to Fly with Severe Asthma.
Synergistically increased ILC2 and Th9 cells in lung tissue jointly promote the pathological process of asthma in mice.
Activation of Eosinophils Interacting with Bronchial Epithelial Cells by Antimicrobial Peptide LL-37: Implications in Allergic Asthma.
Gestational Exposure to Sidestream (Secondhand) Cigarette Smoke Promotes Transgenerational Epigenetic Transmission of Exacerbated Allergic Asthma and Bronchopulmonary Dysplasia.
Involvement of regulatory T cells and selected cytokines in the pathogenesis of bronchial asthma.
Correlation between polymorphisms in the glucocorticoid receptor gene NR3C1 and susceptibility to asthma in a Chinese population from the Henan Province.
Meta-analysis of the IL-10 promoter polymorphisms and pediatric asthma susceptibility.
Bronchial epithelium in children: a key player in asthma.
Epithelial tethering of MUC5AC-rich mucus impairs mucociliary transport in asthma.
Btk Inhibitor RN983 Delivered by Dry Powder Nose-only Aerosol Inhalation Inhibits Bronchoconstriction and Pulmonary Inflammation in the Ovalbumin Allergic Mouse Model of Asthma.
Biomarkers and asthma management: an update.
The role of caregiver social support, depressed mood, and perceived stress in changes in pediatric secondhand smoke exposure and asthma functional morbidity following an asthma exacerbation.
Gender-specific differences in associations of overweight and obesity with asthma and asthma-related symptoms in 30 056 children: result from 25 districts of Northeastern China.
TRACK as a complementary tool to GINA and NAEPP guidelines for assessing asthma control in pre-school children.
Effectiveness of paediatric asthma clinical pathways: a narrative systematic review.
Sputum neutrophil counts are associated with more severe asthma phenotypes using cluster analysis.
Two Phase II randomized trials on the CRTh2 antagonist AZD1981 in adults with asthma.
Nocturnal emergency department visits, duration of symptoms and risk of hospitalisation among adults with asthma exacerbations: a multicentre observational study.
Asthma Management for Children: Risk Identification and Prevention.
A 12-week open-label, randomized, controlled trial and 24-week extension to assess the efficacy and safety of fluticasone propionate/formoterol in children with asthma.
Investigating asthma comorbidities: a systematic scoping review protocol.
Changes in symptoms of asthma and rhinitis by sensitization status over ten years in a cohort of young Chilean adults.
Healthcare burden of obstructive sleep apnea and obesity among asthma hospitalizations: Results from the U.S.-based Nationwide Inpatient Sample.
Asthma-Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease Overlap Syndrome: Nothing New Under the Sun.
Prevalence of allergic rhinitis and asthma in patients with chronic rhinosinusitis and gastroesophageal reflux disease.
CRM197-Coupled Der p 2 Peptides Suppress Allergic Airway Inflammation in a Der p 2-Induced Asthma Mouse Model.
Distribution and Determinants of Dermatophagoides Mites Sensitization ofAllergic Rhinitis and Allergic Asthma in China.
A Systematic Review of Controlled Trials of Homeopathy in Bronchial Asthma.
[A CASE OF BRONCHIAL ASTHMA ASSOCIATED WITH BRONCHIOLAR EOSINOPHILIA AND TREATED WITH MEPOLIZUMAB].
Change in β<sub>2</sub>-agonist use after severe life events in adults with asthma: A population-based cohort study: Life events and bronchodilator usage among adults with asthma.
Efficacy and safety of tiotropium in school-age children with moderate-to-severe symptomatic asthma: A systematic review.
The TLR4-TRIF pathway can protect against the development of experimental allergic asthma.
Features of clinical manifestations of disease and psychological status of adolescents with bronchial asthma of various levels of control and the influence of risk factors.
[Asthma of difficult control linked to pulmonary thromboembolism and bronchopulmonary aspergillosis].
Effects of aerobic exercise on molecular aspects of asthma: involvement of SOCS-JAK-STAT.
Bronchial Asthma and Bronchial Hyperresponsiveness and Their Characteristics in Patients with Common Variable Immunodeficiency.
Asthma Assessment in the School Health Office: Can They Stay or Should They Go?
Association of M470V polymorphism of CFTR gene with variability of clinical expression of asthma: Case-report study.
Isolation and profiling of plasma microRNAs: Biomarkers for asthma and allergic rhinitis.
Extrafine compared to non-extrafine particle inhaled corticosteroids in smokers and ex-smokers with asthma.
Pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic drug evaluation of benralizumab for the treatment of asthma.
Patient-reported outcome measures for allergy and asthma in children.
High incidence of oral corticosteroids prescriptions in children with asthma in early childhood.
Vitamin D deficiency is associated with impaired disease control in asthma-COPD overlap syndrome patients.
Early infancy microbial and metabolic alterations affect risk of childhood asthma.
Efficacy of acupuncture for chronic asthma: study protocol for a randomized controlled trial.
Risk factors for asthma: is prevention possible?
Secular trends in consultations for asthma in early childhood, the 16 administrative regions of Morocco, 2004-2012.
Macrolides for chronic asthma.
Is a previous diagnosis of asthma a reliable criterion for asthma-COPD overlap syndrome in a patient with COPD?
Type 1 Diabetes and Increased Risk of Subsequent Asthma: A Nationwide Population-Based Cohort Study.
Effect of allergic rhinitis and asthma on the quality of life in young Thai adolescents.
Long-term adherence to inhaled corticosteroids in children with asthma: Observational study.
Efficacy and safety of tralokinumab in patients with severe uncontrolled asthma: a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled, phase 2b trial.
Low-level Mercury Exposure and Risk of Asthma in School-age Children.
Neonatal urinary tract infection may increase the risk of childhood asthma.
Understanding asthma-specific quality of life: moving beyond asthma symptoms and severity.
Does airway hyperresponsiveness monitoring lead to improved asthma control?
Randomized trial to assess the efficacy and safety of beclomethasone dipropionate breath-actuated inhaler in patients with asthma.
Severe asthma: We can fix it? We can try!
Adherence to treatment in asthma and COPD patients in their doctors' assessment.
Update on the current methods for the diagnosis and treatment of severe childhood asthma.
Asthma prevalence and risk factors analysis in Tricity university students' group.
Birth weight and asthma incidence by asthma phenotype pattern in a racially diverse cohort followed through adolescence.
The prevalence of asthma risk and contributing factors in underserved Vietnamese children in Orange County, CA.
Asthma in the older adult: presentation, considerations and clinical management.
Treatment of severe asthma: entering the era of targeted therapy.
Age at asthma onset and asthma self-management education among adults in the United States.
Self-reported physician-diagnosed asthma among Swedish adolescent, adult and former elite endurance athletes.
The Influence of Asthma Exacerbations on Health-Related Quality of Life.
Symptom perception and asthma control.
Pharmacotherapy options to treat asthma during pregnancy.
The statement of the Polish Society of Allergology experts on the treatment of difficult-to-treat asthma.
Chemotactic and Phagocytic Activity of Blood Neutrophils in Allergic Asthma.
Association between asthma control test, pulmonary function tests and non-specific bronchial hyperresponsiveness in assessing the level of asthma control.
The discovery and development of omalizumab for the treatment of asthma.
Patients' and providers' perceptions of asthma and asthma care: a qualitative study.
Immunological characteristics and management considerations in obese patients with asthma.
Peripheral blood Th9 cells and eosinophil apoptosis in asthma patients.
Paramedic Differentiation of Asthma and COPD in the Prehospital Setting Is Difficult.
[Deliberate interruptions and changes of dose of inhaled corticosteroids by asthma patients: "a community pharmacy study"].
Anti-inflammatory deficiencies in neutrophilic asthma: reduced galectin-3 and IL-1RA/IL-1β.
Advances in adult asthma diagnosis and treatment in 2014.
The chronic obstructive pulmonary disease-asthma overlap syndrome.
FeNO as biomarker for asthma phenotyping and management.
The association between asthma and invasive pneumococcal disease: a nationwide study in Korea.
Mexican-American caregivers' perceptions about asthma management: a photovoice study.
Behavioral weight loss and physical activity intervention in obese adults with asthma. A randomized trial.
Pediatric asthma and ambient pollutant levels in industrializing nations.
Regional PM2.5 and asthma morbidity in an agricultural community: a panel study.
Inflammation, metabolic dysregulation, and pulmonary function among obese urban adolescents with asthma.
New risk factors for adult-onset incident asthma. A nested case-control study of host antioxidant defense.
Secondhand smoke and traffic exhaust confer opposing risks for asthma in normal and overweight children.
Distribution of airway smooth muscle remodelling in asthma: relation to airway inflammation.
Identification of novel immune phenotypes for allergic and nonallergic childhood asthma.
The association between paracetamol use and asthma: causation or coincidence?
Asthma and allergy development: contrasting influences of yeasts and other fungal exposures.
Phenotypic and genotypic association of epithelial IL1RL1 to human TH2-like asthma.
Pet ownership is associated with increased risk of non-atopic asthma and reduced risk of atopy in childhood: findings from a UK birth cohort.
Prevalence of asthma and allergic diseases in adolescents: nine-year follow-up study (2003-2012).
Identifying parental preferences for corticosteroid and inhaled beta-agonist delivery mode in children with acute asthma exacerbations.
Mitochondrial-targeted antioxidant therapy decreases transforming growth factor-β-mediated collagen production in a murine asthma model.
25-hydroxy vitamin D levels are associated with childhood asthma in a population-based study in Peru.
The association of serum 25-OH vitamin D with atopy, asthma, and lung function in a prospective study of Danish adults.
Perceived neighborhood safety and asthma morbidity in the school inner-city asthma study.
The relationship between asthma and bronchiolitis is modified by TLR4, CD14, and IL-13 polymorphisms.
Bronchial inflammation in seasonal allergic rhinitis with or without asthma in relation to natural exposure to pollen allergens.
Association of inflammatory bowel disease with asthma risk: A nationwide cohort study.
Airway Inflammation after Bronchial Thermoplasty for Severe Asthma.
Nebulized fluticasone propionate, a viable alternative to systemic route in the management of childhood moderate asthma attack: A double-blind, double-dummy study.
Childhood asthma biomarkers: present knowledge and future steps.
Attenuation of experimental asthma by mycobacterial protein combined with CpG requires a TLR9-dependent IFN-γ-CCR2 signalling circuit.
Pulmonary receptor for advanced glycation end-products promotes asthma pathogenesis through IL-33 and accumulation of group 2 innate lymphoid cells.
Characterizing the severe asthma population in the United States: claims-based analysis of three treatment cohorts in the year prior to treatment escalation.
[Oral Health in Children with Asthma].
Prevalence and association of asthma and allergic sensitization with dietary factors in schoolchildren: data from the french six cities study.
Pulse oximeters to self monitor oxygen saturation levels as part of a personalised asthma action plan for people with asthma.
Targeting the interleukin pathway in the treatment of asthma.
Tiotropium – what role in asthma?
Asthma and Risk of Prostate Cancer: A Population-Based Case-Cohort Study in Taiwan.
Asthma, Depression, and Suicidality: Results from the 2007, 2009, and 2011 Youth Risk Behavior Surveys.
Asthma, COPD and overlap syndrome: a longitudinal study in young European adults.
Biomarkers to identify sputum eosinophilia in different adult asthma phenotypes.
Special considerations--asthma in children.
Tobacco Smoke Exposure, Airway Resistance, and Asthma in School-age Children: The Generation R Study.
Longitudinal associations between asthma control, medication adherence, and quality of life among adolescents: results from a cross-lagged analysis.
Xerosis is associated with asthma in men independent of atopic dermatitis and filaggrin gene mutations.
Investigating Youth Sport Coach Perspectives of an Asthma Education Module.
Maternal age at delivery, lung function and asthma in offspring: a population-based survey.
Nonspecific immunomodulators for recurrent respiratory tract infections, wheezing and asthma in children: a systematic review of mechanistic and clinical evidence.
Effect of comprehensive smoke-free legislation on asthma and coronary disease trends in Spanish primary care patients.
A workshop on asthma management programs and centers in Brazil: reviewing and explaining concepts.
Psychopathology in difficult asthma.
Do Glutathione S-Transferase Genes Modify the Link between Indoor Air Pollution and Asthma, Allergies, and Lung Function? A Systematic Review.
Evaluation of vitamin D levels in allergic and non-allergic asthma.
Altered Innate Immune Responses in Neutrophils from Patients with Well- and Suboptimally Controlled Asthma.
Airway β-Defensin-1 Protein Is Elevated in COPD and Severe Asthma.
Importance of education in bronchial asthma treatment - gender differences.
The Immunoregulatory Effects of Traditional Chinese Medicine on Treatment of Asthma or Asthmatic Inflammation.
Omalizumab therapy for children and adolescents with severe allergic asthma.
Decisional conflict in asthma patients: a cross sectional study.
Benefits of completing pulmonary rehabilitation in patients with asthma.
Correlation of TSLP, IL-33, and CD4 + CD25 + FOXP3 + T regulatory (Treg) in pediatric asthma.
Rural Dwelling and Temporal Trends in Relation to Childhood Asthma and Related Conditions in Belarus: A Repeated Cross-sectional Survey.
Emerging corticosteroid agonists for the treatment of asthma.
[Guideline implementation study on asthma: Results of a pragmatic implementation approach].
Boswellic acid attenuates asthma phenotypes by downregulation of GATA3 via pSTAT6 inhibition in a murine model of asthma.
Negative impact of asthma on patients in different age groups.
Real-world effect of gastroesophageal reflux disease on cough-related quality of life and disease status in asthma and COPD.
Prevalence of asthma with airflow limitation, COPD, and COPD with variable airflow limitation in older subjects in a general Japanese population: the Hisayama Study.
Asthma, allergic rhinitis, and sleep problems in urban children.
Perennial aeroallergens sensitisation and risk of asthma in African children and adolescents: a case-control study.
Recombinant HMGB1 A box protein inhibits Th17 responses in mice with neutrophilic asthma by suppressing dendritic cell-mediated Th17 polarization.
Diagnosis of asthma - new theories.
Classification and implementation of asthma phenotypes in elderly patients.
High dose of maternal folic acid supplementation is associated to infant asthma.
The effect of parental social support and acculturation on childhood asthma control.
Coping and social support in asthma and allergy: the Västerbotten Environmental Health Study.
Small airway disease in asthma: pathophysiological and diagnostic considerations.
Association of interleukin genes polymorphism with asthma susceptibility in Indian children: a case-control study.
Active and passive smoking and the incidence of asthma in the Black Women's Health Study.
Decreased importance of environmental risk factors for childhood asthma from 1996 to 2006.
Health-related quality of life in paediatric asthma: Children's and parents' perspectives.
Genetic ancestry influences asthma susceptibility and lung function among Latinos.
The burden of adult asthma in a high GDP per capita country: the QASMA study.
Asthma and obesity in children: current evidence and potential systems biology approaches.
Early risk factors for pubertal asthma.
Barriers in asthma care for pediatric patients in primary care.
Latino caregiver experiences with asthma health communication.
Indoor fungal diversity and asthma: a meta-analysis and systematic review of risk factors.
Biomarkers of Insecticide Exposure and Asthma in Children: A National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) 1999-2008 Analysis.
Biological clustering supports both "Dutch" and "British" hypotheses of asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Prenatal and post-natal exposure to antibiotics and risk of asthma in childhood.
Maternal body mass index in early pregnancy and offspring asthma, rhinitis and eczema up to 16 years of age.
Environmental risk factors related to the incidence of wheeze and asthma in adolescence.
Nasal endoscopic findings and nasal symptoms in patients with asthma: a clinical study from a rhinological perspective.
The relationship between respiratory syncytial virus and asthma.
Can meteorological factors forecast asthma exacerbation in a paediatric population?
Assessment of asthma severity and control.
Family Functioning, Eosinophil Activity, and Symptoms in Children With Asthma.
Effects of magnesium sulfate infusion on clinical signs and lung function of horses with severe asthma.
[Current Asthma Treatment in Light of New Asthma Guidelines].
Association Between Secretoglobin Family 3A Member 2 (SCGB3A2) Gene Polymorphisms and Asthma in a Korean Population.
Neutrophil-mediated IL-6 receptor trans-signaling and the risk of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and asthma.
A functional variant of miRNA-149 confers risk for allergic rhinitis and comorbid asthma in Chinese children.
T cells are the critical source of IL-4/IL-13 in a mouse model of allergic asthma.
Association Between Asthma Hospital Visits and Ozone Concentration in Maricopa County, Arizona (2007-2012).
Study on clinical effect and immunologic mechanism of infants capillary bronchitis secondary bronchial asthma treated with bacterial lysates Broncho-Vaxom.
Association between SNPs in the promoter region in cathepsin S and risk of asthma in Chinese Han population.
Conundrum in an asthma exacerbation.
Erythronium japonicum attenuates histopathological lung abnormalities in a mouse model of ovalbumin-induced asthma.
Physiological Mechanisms of Airway Hyperresponsiveness in Obese Asthma.
Immunoregulatory mechanisms of vitamin D relevant to respiratory health and asthma.
[Inhibitory Effect of Acupoint Application on Airway Remodeling and Expression of TGF-β 1/Smad 3 in the Lung Tissue of Chronic Asthma Mice].
[Bronchial asthma - many types, different therapies].
Patterns of Growth and Decline in Lung Function in Persistent Childhood Asthma.
[Influence of serum levels of vitamin D on IgE response in schoolchildren with asthma in poor communities].
Pistacia integerrima ameliorates airway inflammation by attenuation of TNF-α, IL-4, and IL-5 expression levels, and pulmonary edema by elevation of AQP1 and AQP5 expression levels in mouse model of ovalbumin-induced allergic asthma.
Response to pneumococcal polysaccharide vaccine in children with asthma, and children with recurrent respiratory infections, and healthy children.
Pharmacodynamic and pharmacokinetic assessment of fluticasone furoate + vilanterol for the treatment of asthma.
Coexisting atopic conditions influence the likelihood of allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis in asthma.
Allergen-induced Changes in Bone Marrow and Airway Dendritic Cells in Subjects with Asthma.
Association between recent acetaminophen use and asthma: modification by polymorphism at TLR4.
Allergic rhinitis may impact the recovery of pulmonary function tests after moderate/severe asthma exacerbation in children.
Fatty acids, inflammation, and asthma.
Unsupervised phenotyping of Severe Asthma Research Program participants using expanded lung data.
Preterm birth, infant weight gain, and childhood asthma risk: a meta-analysis of 147,000 European children.
Phthalates and organophosphates in settled dust and HVAC filter dust of U.S. low-income homes: Association with season, building characteristics, and childhood asthma.
Low-level ozone has both respiratory and systemic effects in African American adolescents with asthma despite asthma controller therapy.
Ca<sup>2+</sup> and innate immune pathways are activated and differentially expressed in childhood asthma phenotypes.
Short-term Effect of Fine Particulate Matter on Children's Hospital Admissions and Emergency Department Visits for Asthma: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.
The effects of direct-to-consumer advertising on medication use among Medicaid children with asthma.
Efficacy and safety evaluation of once-daily fluticasone furoate/vilanterol in Asian patients with asthma uncontrolled on a low- to mid-strength inhaled corticosteroid or low-dose inhaled corticosteroid/long-acting beta2-agonist.
Role of individual-housing-based socioeconomic status measure in relation to smoking status among late adolescents with asthma.
Air pollution exposure and preeclampsia among US women with and without asthma.
Immunization against TGF-β1 reduces collagen deposition but increases sustained inflammation in a murine asthma model.
Effect of smoking status on the efficacy of the SMART regimen in high risk asthma.
Predictors of response to therapy with omalizumab in patients with severe allergic asthma - a real life study.
Pediatric Asthma and Food Allergy.
Biomarkers for monitoring clinical efficacy of allergen immunotherapy for allergic rhinoconjunctivitis and allergic asthma: an EAACI Position Paper.
Relation of Psychiatric Symptoms with Epilepsy, Asthma, and Allergy in Youth with ASD vs. Psychiatry Referrals.
Relationship between the sensation of activity limitation and the results of functional assessment in asthma patients.
Systemic Transplantation of Mesenchymal Stem Cells Modulates Endothelial Cell Adhesion Molecules Induced by Ovalbumin in Rat Model of Asthma.
Tumor necrosis factor-α, interleukin-8 and eosinophil cationic protein as serum markers of glucocorticoid efficacy in the treatment of bronchial asthma.
Antileukotrienes improve naso-ocular symptoms and biomarkers in patients with NARES and asthma.
Iron Deficiency and Iron Deficiency Anemia in Women with Bronchial Asthma.
The Reemergence of the Asthma-COPD Overlap Syndrome: Characterizing a Syndrome in the Precision Medicine Era.
Long-acting muscarinic antagonists (LAMA) added to inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) versus the same dose of ICS alone for adults with asthma.
[Diagnostic values of fractional exhaled nitric oxide for typical bronchial asthma and cough variant asthma in children].
Integrating microbial and host transcriptomics to characterize asthma-associated microbial communities.
[Th9 cells and related cytokines increase in the lung of mice with bronchial asthma].
Hospitalization for Community-Acquired Pneumonia in Children: Effect of an Asthma Codiagnosis.
Diet and asthma: an update.
Characteristics and prognosis of near-fatal asthma exacerbations.
Association analysis of -416 G>C polymorphism of T-cell immunoglobulin and mucin domain-1 gene with asthma in Iran.
Unraveling the Pathophysiology of the Asthma-COPD Overlap Syndrome: Unsuspected Mild Centrilobular Emphysema Is Responsible for Loss of Lung Elastic Recoil in Never Smokers With Asthma With Persistent Expiratory Airflow Limitation.
Risk of idiopathic nephrotic syndrome among children with asthma: a nationwide, population-based cohort study.
Misdiagnosis Among Frequent Exacerbators of Clinically Diagnosed Asthma and COPD in Absence of Confirmation of Airflow Obstruction.
Co-Occurrence of Asthma and Nephrolithiasis in Children.
[RESEARCH ON THE LEVEL, COMPONENTS AND THE TYPE OF COOPERATIVITY IN THE PATIENTS WITH ASTHMA].
The role of antimicrobial treatment during pregnancy on the neonatal gut microbiome and the development of atopy, asthma, allergy and obesity in childhood.
Differences in IL-8 in serum and exhaled breath condensate from patients with exacerbated COPD or asthma attacks.
Optimizing the position and use of omalizumab for severe persistent allergic asthma using cost-effectiveness analysis.
Stem cells in animal asthma models: a systematic review.
IL-6 receptor α defines effector memory CD8+ T cells producing Th2 cytokines and expanding in asthma.
Safety of therapeutic options for treating asthma in pregnancy.
Asthma associated with pesticide exposure among women in rural Western Cape of South Africa.
Can we predict allergen-induced asthma in patients with allergic rhinitis?
Neutrophil-like low-density granulocytes are elevated in patients with moderate to severe persistent asthma.
Asthma and self-harm: a population-based cohort study in Taiwan.
Interferon response and respiratory virus control are preserved in bronchial epithelial cells in asthma.
Depression's influence on the Asthma Control Test, Japanese version.
General, but not abdominal, overweight increases odds of asthma among Norwegian adolescents: the Young-HUNT study.
Nasal lavage VEGF and TNF-α levels during a natural cold predict asthma exacerbations.
Airway smooth muscle in asthma: linking contraction and mechanotransduction to disease pathogenesis and remodelling.
Association between quality of life in parents and components of asthma control in children.
Sleep apnea risk in subjects with asthma with or without comorbid rhinitis.
Safety and tolerability of inhaled loxapine in subjects with asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease--two randomized controlled trials.
Family socioeconomic status, household tobacco smoke, and asthma attack among children below 12 years of age: gender differences.
Three-trocar laparoscopic cholecystectomy under spinal anesthesia in a patient with asthma.
Hypoargininemia exacerbates airway hyperresponsiveness in a mouse model of asthma.
Pet keeping in childhood and asthma and allergy among children in Tianjin area, China.
Sex differences in use of inhalants by elderly patients with asthma.
The Association of BCG Vaccination with Atopy and Asthma in Adults.
Pathogenetic and prognostic roles of bloodborne fibrocytes in asthma.
[An epidemiological survey on management and insights of asthma in China in 2009 to 2010].
[Definition of inflammatory subtypes of chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyp and asthma].
Vitamin D Supplementation for Childhood Asthma: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Sublingual immunotherapy for asthma.
The associations between daily spring pollen counts, over-the-counter allergy medication sales, and asthma syndrome emergency department visits in New York City, 2002-2012.
Characterization of Rhinitis According to the Asthma Status in Adults Using an Unsupervised Approach in the EGEA Study.
[Association between serum allergens and asthma in children].
The effects of patient education programs on medication use among asthma and COPD patients: a propensity score matching with a difference-in-difference regression approach.
Genetic Ancestry and Asthma and Rhinitis Occurrence in Hispanic Children: Findings from the Southern California Children's Health Study.
Identify asthma genes across three phases based on protein-protein interaction network.
Mepolizumab-based therapy in asthma: an update.
Comprehensive US Statewide Smoke-Free Indoor Air Legislation and Secondhand Smoke Exposure, Asthma Prevalence, and Related Doctor Visits: 2007-2011.
Mesenchymal stem cells abrogate experimental asthma by altering dendritic cell function.
Twins' risk of childhood asthma mediated by gestational age and birthweight.
Incidence rates of atopic dermatitis, asthma, and allergic rhinoconjunctivitis in Danish and Swedish children.
Long-acting beta2-adrenergic agonist in pediatric and adolescent asthma patients, 2003-2011.
Improving influenza vaccination coverage in the pediatric asthma population: the case for combined methodologies.
Heterogeneity of phenotypes in severe asthmatics. The Belgian Severe Asthma Registry (BSAR).
Risk of subsequent asthma in children with febrile seizures: a nationwide population-based retrospective cohort study.
Factors associated with asthma control in children: findings from a national Web-based survey.
Asthma and respiratory symptoms among hairdressers in Denmark: results from a register based questionnaire study.
Impact of an integrated disease management program in reducing exacerbations in patients with severe asthma and COPD.
Association between mental disorders and subsequent adult onset asthma.
Job insecurity is associated with adult asthma in Germany during Europe's recent economic crisis: a prospective cohort study.
Handgrip strength test as a complementary tool in monitoring asthma in daily clinical practice in children.
Vitamin D, asthma prevalence and asthma exacerbations: a large adult population-based study.
5-Aminosalicylic acid attenuates allergen-induced airway inflammation and oxidative stress in asthma.
Inhaler reminders improve adherence with controller treatment in primary care patients with asthma.
Impact of exhaled nitric oxide measurements on treatment decisions in an asthma specialty clinic.
Trends in asthma readmissions among children and adolescents over time by age, gender and season.
Serum IgE Level among Coir Workers with Asthma: A Hospital Based Descriptive Study from Alappuzha, Kerala.
Asthma and Seroconversion from <i>Toxocara</i> spp. Infection: Which Comes First?
Asthma action plans in the adult population: Rediscovering an invaluable tool in today's health care domain.
Role of epithelial chemokines in the pathogenesis of airway inflammation in asthma (Review).
The underlying physiological mechanisms whereby anticholinergics alleviate asthma.
Long-Acting β2-Agonists in Asthma: Enantioselective Safety Studies are Needed.
Race/ethnicity and asthma management among adults presenting to the emergency department.
Effect of diosmetin on airway remodeling in a murine model of chronic asthma.
NFATc1 deletion in T lymphocytes inhibits the allergic trait in a murine model of asthma.
Asthma and risk of cardiovascular disease or all-cause mortality: a meta-analysis.
Association between availability of care providers and healthcare utilizations among adults with asthma.
Effectiveness of drug treatment strategies to prevent asthma exacerbations and increase symptom-free days in asthmatic children: a network meta-analysis.
Accessible Modelling of Complexity in Health (AMoCH) and associated data flows: asthma as an exemplar.
Prevalence of self-reported smoking experimentation in adolescents with asthma or allergic rhinitis.
Association between Outdoor Fungal Concentrations during Winter and Pulmonary Function in Children with and without Asthma.
[An analysis of skin prick test reactivity to dust mite in overweight and normal weight children with allergic asthma before and after specific immunotherapy].
Nociceptin/orphanin FQ (N/OFQ) modulates immunopathology and airway hyperresponsiveness representing a novel target for the treatment of asthma.
Post-bronchiolitis Use of Asthma Medication: A Prospective 1-year Follow-up Study.
Effect of outdoor air pollution on asthma exacerbations in children and adults: Systematic review and multilevel meta-analysis.
Linking childhood allergic asthma phenotypes with endotype through integrated systems biology: current evidence and research needs.
Children with asthma by school age display aberrant immune responses to pathogenic airway bacteria as infants.
Soluble guanylate cyclase as an alternative target for bronchodilator therapy in asthma.
Phytochemical profiles and inhibitory effects of Tiger Milk mushroom (Lignosus rhinocerus) extract on ovalbumin-induced airway inflammation in a rodent model of asthma.
Development of GABAA Receptor Subtype-Selective Imidazobenzodiazepines as Novel Asthma Treatments.
The utility of exhaled nitric oxide in patients with suspected asthma.
Analysis of changes in expression of IL-4/IL-13/STAT6 pathway and correlation with the selected clinical parameters in patients with atopic asthma.
Role of local eosinophilopoietic processes in the development of airway eosinophilia in prednisone-dependent severe asthma.
Adult foreign body aspirations treated for many years with the diagnosis of asthma: report of two cases.
Non-asthmatic eosinophilic bronchitis and its relationship with asthma.
[Exacerbations in asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) Survey on the criteria of pescription of systemic corticoids and antibiotics by general practicioners and chest physicians].
What a pandemic teaches us about vaccination attitudes of parents of children with asthma.
Sputum gene expression signature of 6 biomarkers discriminates asthma inflammatory phenotypes.
Does self-monitoring by means of symptom diaries improve asthma control in children?
Intrapartum spontaneous pneumomediastinum and surgical emphysema (Hamman's syndrome) in a 30-year-old woman with asthma.
The environment, epigenome, and asthma.
[Assessment of Efficiency of Medicamentous Therapy in Correction of Structurally Functional Changes of The Cardiac Muscle at Patients With Arterial Hypertension in Combination With Bronchial Asthma].
Eosinophils enhance WNT-5a and TGF-β1 genes expression in airway smooth muscle cells and promote their proliferation by increased extracellular matrix proteins production in asthma.
[Effects of butylphthalide on bronchial asthma in guinea pigs and involvement of endothelin].
Isolated aggregates of lymphoid cells in the inner bronchial wall in asthma patients.
Bronchoprotective effect of deep inspirations in cough variant asthma: A distinguishing feature in the spectrum of airway disease?
High-dose beclometasone dipropionate/formoterol fumarate in fixed-dose combination for the treatment of asthma.
Comparison of extra-fine-particle inhalational corticosteroid add-on therapy with dose-escalation of large-particle inhalational corticosteroid therapy in patients with incompletely controlled asthma.
Serum estradiol concentration, estradiol-to-progesterone ratio and sputum IL-5 and IL-8 concentrations are increased in luteal phase of the menstrual cycle in perimenstrual asthma patients.
Immunologic regulatory effects of human umbilical cord blood-derived mesenchymal stem cells in a murine ovalbumin asthma model.
Asthma phenotypes in childhood.
Prevalence of asthma in Saudi adults: findings from a national household survey, 2013.
Details of development of the resource for adults with asthma in the RAISIN (randomized trial of an asthma internet self-management intervention) study.
Boswellic acid attenuates asthma phenotype by downregulation of GATA3 via nhibition of PSTAT6.
Mepolizumab versus placebo for asthma.
The Relationship between Depression and Asthma: A Meta-Analysis of Prospective Studies.
Intermittent inhaled corticosteroid therapy versus placebo for persistent asthma in children and adults.
Long-acting muscarinic antagonists (LAMA) added to inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) versus higher dose ICS for adults with asthma.
[Effects of body mass index and serum inflammatory cytokines on asthma control in children with asthma].
Airway Inflammation in Chronic Rhinosinusitis with Nasal Polyps and Asthma: The United Airways Concept Further Supported.
Vitamin E Isoform γ-Tocotrienol Downregulates House Dust Mite-Induced Asthma.
Asthma prevalence in Olympic summer athletes and the general population: An analysis of three European countries.
Nrf2 reduces allergic asthma in mice through enhanced airway epithelial cytoprotective function.
Modification of Traffic-related Respiratory Response by Asthma Control in a Population of Car Commuters.
The relationship between asthma and suicidal behaviours: a systematic literature review.
Risk of psoriasis in patients with childhood asthma: a Danish nationwide cohort study.
Using a Narrative Approach to Enhance Clinical Care for Patients With Asthma.
Afzelin attenuates asthma phenotypes by downregulation of GATA3 in a murine model of asthma.
Asthma history, job type and job changes among US nurses.
What goes up must come down: biomarkers and novel biologicals in severe asthma.
Definition and diagnosis of asthma-COPD overlap (ACO).
Prophylactic benefits of systemically delivered simvastatin treatment in a house dust mite challenged murine model of allergic asthma.
Therapeutic approaches of asthma and COPD overlap.
Evaluation of Pharmacist-Initiated Interventions on Vaccination Rates in Patients with Asthma or COPD.
Addressing the Impact and Unmet Needs of Nonadherence in Asthma and Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease: Where Do We Go From Here?
Gender differences in the perception of asthma and respiratory symptoms in a population sample of asthma patients in four Brazilian cities.
Smoke exposure as a risk factor for asthma in childhood: a review of current evidence.
Pathophysiological characterization of asthma transitions across adolescence.
Low prevalence of asthma in sub Saharan Africa: a cross sectional community survey in a suburban Nigerian town.
Predictors of severe exacerbations, poor asthma control, and β-agonist overuse for patients with asthma.
A multicenter observational study of US adults with acute asthma: who are the frequent users of the emergency department?
Comparative effectiveness of budesonide-formoterol combination and fluticasone-salmeterol combination for asthma management: a United States retrospective database analysis.
Optimum predictors of childhood asthma: persistent wheeze or the Asthma Predictive Index?
Childhood asthma-predictive phenotype.
Cost of near-roadway and regional air pollution-attributable childhood asthma in Los Angeles County.
Asthma: pathogenesis and novel drugs for treatment.
Agreement between survey data and Régie de l'assurance maladie du Québec (RAMQ) data with respect to the diagnosis of asthma and medical services use for asthma in children.
Housing code violation density associated with emergency department and hospital use by children with asthma.
Validation of the Asthma Control Test in pregnant asthmatic women.
Role of weight management in asthma symptoms and control.
Exacerbation of asthma and airway infection: is the virus the villain?
Clinical and biological markers of asthma control.
Vitamin E and D regulation of allergic asthma immunopathogenesis.
Irreversible acinar airway abnormality in well controlled asthma.
'They said it was bronchiolitis; is it going to turn into asthma doctor?'.
Influence of distinct asthma phenotypes on lung function following weight loss in the obese.
Stress and asthma: novel insights on genetic, epigenetic, and immunologic mechanisms.
Asthma management and inhalation techniques among community pharmacists in 2009: a comparison with the 1999 survey.
Primary care visits for asthma monitoring over time and association with acute asthma visits for urban Medicaid-insured children.
Asthma medication use among U.S. adults 18 and older.
Predictors of hospitalization for asthma in children: results of a 1-year prospective study.
The use of intravenous and inhaled magnesium sulphate in management of children with bronchial asthma.
Differing associations of BMI and body fat with asthma and lung function in children.
Phenotype of asthma-chronic obstructive pulmonary disease overlap syndrome.
Distinguishing Asthma Phenotypes Using Machine Learning Approaches.
Usefulness of impulse oscillometry for the assessment of airway hyperresponsiveness in mild-to-moderate adult asthma.
Contrasting associations of body mass index and measles with asthma and rhinitis in young adults.
Gene-Environment Interactions in Asthma: Genetic and Epigenetic Effects.
Extra-esophageal gastroesophageal reflux disease and asthma: understanding this interplay.
Inflammation and infections in asthma.
Study protocol for a randomised controlled trial evaluating the efficacy of a telehealth program--management of asthma with supportive telehealth of respiratory function in pregnancy (MASTERY©).
Vitamin D Modulates Expression of the Airway Smooth Muscle Transcriptome in Fatal Asthma.
The Impact of Coexisting Asthma, Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease and Tuberculosis on Survival in Patients with Lung Squamous Cell Carcinoma.
[Characteristics of pulmonary function in children with atypical asthma with chest tightness as chief complaint before and after bronchial provocation test].
Is the Relationship Between Breastfeeding and Childhood Risk of Asthma and Obesity Mediated by Infant Antibiotic Treatment?
Metabolomic Endotype of Asthma.
The Impact of the US Food and Drug Administration Chlorofluorocarbon Ban on Out-of-pocket Costs and Use of Albuterol Inhalers Among Individuals With Asthma.
Coeliac disease and asthma association in children: the role of antibiotic consumption.
Association between current asthma and secondhand smoke exposure in vehicles among adults living in four US states.
Probiotic treatment during neonatal age provides optimal protection against experimental asthma through the modulation of microbiota and T cells.
Validation of the Spanish version of the Pediatric Asthma Caregiver Quality of Life Questionnaire (PACQLQ) in a population of Hispanic children.
Interplay of air pollution and asthma immunopathogenesis: a focused review of diesel exhaust and ozone.
Twelve- and 52-week safety of albuterol multidose dry powder inhaler in patients with persistent asthma.
Efficacy and safety of the single-capsule combination of fluticasone/formoterol in patients with persistent asthma: a non-inferiority trial.
The prevalence of severe asthma and low asthma control among Danish adults.
High blood eosinophil count is a risk factor for future asthma exacerbations in adult persistent asthma.
Prediction of airway inflammation in patients with asymptomatic asthma by using lung sound analysis.
Developing and emerging clinical asthma phenotypes.
Infection-related asthma.
Asthma phenotypes: nonallergic (intrinsic) asthma.
Defining adult asthma endotypes by clinical features and patterns of volatile organic compounds in exhaled air.
The relationships among family management behaviors and asthma morbidity in maternal caregivers of children with asthma.
Asthma and insulin resistance in obese children and adolescents.
Body mass index and risk of hospitalization among adults presenting with asthma exacerbation to the emergency department.
Clinical implications of the obese-asthma phenotypes.
Gestational age-specific associations between infantile acute bronchiolitis and asthma after age five.
Quality of life improvement from sinus surgery in chronic rhinosinusitis patients with asthma and nasal polyps.
Genomewide association study identifies HAS2 as a novel susceptibility gene for adult asthma in a Japanese population.
Pathophysiological characteristics of asthma in the elderly: a comprehensive study.
Targeting 5-lipoxygenase-activating protein in asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Correlation between levels of exhaled hydrogen sulfide and airway inflammatory phenotype in patients with chronic persistent asthma.
IL-17 in severe asthma. Where do we stand?
An innovative childhood asthma score predicts the need for bronchodilator nebulization in children with acute asthma independent of auscultative findings.
Physiotherapy in asthma using the new Lotorp method.
Influence of farming exposure on the development of asthma and asthma-like symptoms.
Increased frequency of dual-positive TH2/TH17 cells in bronchoalveolar lavage fluid characterizes a population of patients with severe asthma.
Trends in the age of diagnosis of childhood asthma.
The expression of a novel anti-inflammatory cytokine IL-35 and its possible significance in childhood asthma.
Impact of rhinitis on asthma severity in school-age children.
Promising future therapies for asthma.
Predictors for the development of progressive severity in new-onset adult asthma.
Prevalence and clinical profile of difficult-to-control severe asthma in children: results from pneumology and allergy hospital units in Spain.
The correlation between parental education and their knowledge of asthma.
Randomized trial of a health communication intervention for parents of children with asthma.
A genome-wide survey of CD4(+) lymphocyte regulatory genetic variants identifies novel asthma genes.
Vitamin D deficiency and adult asthma exacerbations.
Reliability in reporting asthma history and age at asthma onset.
Getting control of uncontrolled asthma.
Obesity and asthma: pathophysiology and implications for diagnosis and management in primary care.
The association of sedentary lifestyle with childhood asthma. The role of nurse as educator.
Prevalence of asthma, local risk factors and agreement between written and video questionnaires among Turkish adolescents.
The current and future role of biomarkers in type 2 cytokine-mediated asthma management.
Biomarkers in adult asthma: a systematic review of 8-isoprostane in exhaled breath condensate.
Redistribution of adrenomedullary nicotinic acetylcholine receptor subunits and the effect on circulating epinephrine levels in a murine model of acute asthma.
[Genetic and biochemical mechanisms of involvement of antioxidant defense enzymes in the development of bronchial asthma].
Risk of corticosteroid-related adverse events in asthma patients with high oral corticosteroid use.
Extensive versus functional endoscopic sinus surgery for chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps and asthma: A 1-year study.
Thunderstorm-related asthma: what happens and why.
Heterogeneity of asthma-COPD overlap syndrome.
[Association between brain-derived neurotrophic factor and severity of asthma in children].
Primary Care Asthma Management: Inhaled Corticosteroids and Other Clinical Pearls.
Natural killer cells in asthma.
Is impaired glucose metabolism the missing piece in the obesity-asthma puzzle?
The Combination Therapy of Dietary Galacto-Oligosaccharides With Budesonide Reduces Pulmonary Th2 Driving Mediators and Mast Cell Degranulation in a Murine Model of House Dust Mite Induced Asthma.
Population pharmacokinetics of theophylline in adult Chinese patients with asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Current Asthma Prevalence by Weight Status Among Adults: United States, 2001-2014.
Obesity, Asthma, and the Microbiome.
Development of an experimental model of maternal allergic asthma during pregnancy.
Correction of iron deficiency anaemia using IV CosmoFer in CKD patients with asthma: a prospective study.
Magnesium nebulization utilization in management of pediatric asthma (MagNUM PA) trial: study protocol for a randomized controlled trial.
Overcoming Medicaid Reimbursement Barriers to Funding School Nursing Services for Low-Income Children With Asthma.
Pediatric Asthma and Viral Infection.
Baseline management of asthma control.
Association between the Ratio of FEV₁ to FVC and the Exposure Level to Air Pollution in Neversmoking Adult Refractory Asthmatics Using Data Clustered by Patient in the Soonchunhyang Asthma Cohort Database.
Nigella sativa as an anti-inflammatory agent in asthma.
Bronchial Allergen Challenge of Patients with Atopic Asthma Triggers an Alarmin (IL-33, TSLP, and IL-25) Response in the Airways Epithelium and Submucosa.
Asthma, Environment and Pollution: Where the Rubber Hits the Road.
Prenatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and asthma, eczema/hay fever, and frequent ear infections.
Role of human metapneumovirus and respiratory syncytial virus in asthma exacerbations: where are we now?
Expression of mRNA IL-17F and sIL-17F in atopic asthma patients.
Host DNA released by NETosis promotes rhinovirus-induced type-2 allergic asthma exacerbation.
Methacholine challenge tests to demonstrate therapeutic equivalence of terbutaline sulfate via different Turbuhaler<sup>®</sup> devices in patients with mild to moderate asthma: Appraisal of a four-way crossover design.
Impact of omalizumab on medical cost of childhood asthma in Japan.
Forced oscillation, integer and fractional-order modeling in asthma.
[Quality of life of patients with asthma on beclomethasone/formoterol. Cost-utility analysis].
[Use of antibiotics for asthma and COPD exacerbation].
Efficacy of tiotropium in treating patients with moderate-to-severe asthma: A meta-analysis and systematic review based on 14 randomized controlled trials.
Advances in pediatric asthma in 2013: coordinating asthma care.
Respiratory viral infections in pregnant women with asthma are associated with wheezing in the first 12 months of life.
Different prevalence and clinical characteristics of asthma-chronic obstructive pulmonary disease overlap syndrome according to accepted criteria.
High-accuracy detection of airway obstruction in asthma using machine learning algorithms and forced oscillation measurements.
Bone Marrow, Adipose, and Lung Tissue-Derived Murine Mesenchymal Stromal Cells Release Different Mediators and Differentially Affect Airway and Lung Parenchyma in Experimental Asthma.
Costs of perennial allergic rhinitis and allergic asthma increase with severity and poor disease control.
School intervention in asthma for adolescents: it is time to act.
[Sex-bias in allergic asthma: androgens and group 2 innate lymphoid cells].
WeChat Public Account Use Improves Clinical Control of Cough-Variant Asthma: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
Airway Autoimmune Inflammatory Response (AAIR) Syndrome: An Asthma-Autoimmune Overlap Disorder?
Airway pathology in severe asthma is related to airflow obstruction but not symptom control.
Risk of asthma in relation to occupation: A hospital-based case-control study.
Correlation between the genetic polymorphism of ORMDL3 gene and asthma risk: a meta-analysis.
[Roles of histone acetyltransferase and histone deacetylase in the pathogenesis of bronchial asthma].
Early-onset atopic dermatitis in children: which are the phenotypes at risk of asthma? Results from the ORCA cohort.
Stopping long-acting beta2-agonists (LABA) for adults with asthma well controlled by LABA and inhaled corticosteroids.
ALLERGIC DISEASES AND ASTHMA IN ADOLESCENTS.
Long-acting muscarinic antagonists (LAMA) added to inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) versus addition of long-acting beta2-agonists (LABA) for adults with asthma.
Adverse childhood experience and asthma onset: a systematic review.
Tiotropium bromide as add-on therapy to inhaled corticosteroids for treating asthma.
Lansoprazole Is Associated with Worsening Asthma Control in Children with the CYP2C19 Poor Metabolizer Phenotype.
Association of the glucocorticoid receptor D641V variant with steroid-resistant asthma: a case-control study.
Effects of weight loss on airway responsiveness in obese adults with asthma: does weight loss lead to reversibility of asthma?
Obesity and bronchodilator response in black and Hispanic children and adolescents with asthma.
Prolonged Treatment with Inhaled Corticosteroids does not Normalize High Activity of Matrix Metalloproteinase-9 in Exhaled Breath Condensates of Children with Asthma.
Screening and functional pathway analysis of genes associated with pediatric allergic asthma using a DNA microarray.
A disease module in the interactome explains disease heterogeneity, drug response and captures novel pathways and genes in asthma.
Biomarkers to predict asthma in wheezing preschool children.
Time Trends in Racial and Ethnic Disparities in Asthma Prevalence in the United States From the Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System (BRFSS) Study (1999-2011).
Health and economic burden of obesity in elderly individuals with asthma in the United States.
Validation and reliability of the scale Self-efficacy and their child's level of asthma control.
Single center experience of five diffuse panbronchiolitis patients clinically presenting as severe asthma.
Epidemiology of asthma exacerbations and their relation with environmental factors in the Basque Country.
Naturalistically observed conflict and youth asthma symptoms.
Improving asthma care in rural primary care practices: a performance improvement project.
The Common Sense Model in early adolescents with asthma: longitudinal relations between illness perceptions, asthma control and emotional problems mediated by coping.
Impact of Physician Asthma Care Education on patient outcomes.
Pertussis immunization in infancy and adolescent asthma medication.
Asthma and food allergy management in Chicago Public Schools.
Cross-sectional association of dietary patterns with asthma and atopic sensitization in childhood - in a cohort study.
Risk factors and markers of asthma control differ between asthma subtypes in children.
Duration of day care attendance during infancy predicts asthma at the age of seven: the Cincinnati Childhood Allergy and Air Pollution Study.
Effects of inhaled L-arginine administration in a murine model of acute asthma.
The effects of vitamin D supplementation on airway functions in mild to moderate persistent asthma.
The level of specialist assessment of adult asthma is influenced by patient age.
Asthma and respiratory physiology: putting lung function into perspective.
Risk of dementia among patients with asthma: a nationwide longitudinal study.
Association of asthma and bipolar disorder: a nationwide population-based study in Taiwan.
Cytokine profile of bronchoalveolar lavage fluid from a mouse model of bronchial asthma during seasonal H1N1 infection.
Increased day-to-day variability of forced oscillatory resistance in poorly controlled or persistent pediatric asthma.
Integrating asthma hazard characterization methods for consumer products.
Maternal high-dose folic acid during pregnancy and asthma medication in the offspring.
The potential role of direct and indirect bronchial challenge testing to identify overtreatment of community managed asthma.
Economic and health effect of full adherence to controller therapy in adults with uncontrolled asthma: a simulation study.
Aspirin desensitization in patients with aspirin-induced and aspirin-tolerant asthma: a double-blind study.
Assessing the validity of the RAND negative impact of asthma on quality of life short forms.
Protective effects of influenza A (H1N1) pandemic 2009 vaccination against the onset of influenza-like illness and asthma exacerbation in Japanese children.
Caregiver knowledge and its relationship to asthma control among children in Saudi Arabia.
Factors associated with poor asthma control among asthmatic patient visiting emergency department.
Disparities in assessments of asthma control between children, parents, and physicians.
[Obese asthma patients have poorer asthma control].
Management of childhood asthma in general practice.
[Acute exacerbation in COPD and asthma].
Wait!!! No Steroids for this Asthma….
Risk of Obstructive Sleep Apnea in Adult Patients with Asthma: A Population-Based Cohort Study in Taiwan.
Diverging prevalences and different risk factors for childhood asthma and eczema: a cross-sectional study.
Clinically relevant subgroups in COPD and asthma.
Adenoviral delivery of recombinant soluble human tumor necrosis factor receptor 1 partially normalized mouse model of asthma.
Four-year follow-up in children with moderate/severe uncontrolled asthma after withdrawal of a 1-year omalizumab treatment.
Increased Dose of Inhaled Corticosteroid versus Add-On Long-acting β-Agonist for Step-Up Therapy in Asthma.
Ambient air pollution and adult asthma incidence in six European cohorts (ESCAPE).
The Role of Lower Airway Dysbiosis in Asthma: Dysbiosis and Asthma.
Pathological Roles of Neutrophil-Mediated Inflammation in Asthma and Its Potential for Therapy as a Target.
Targeting integrin α5β1 ameliorates severe airway hyperresponsiveness in experimental asthma.
Role of sputum biomarkers in the management of asthma.
A randomised controlled trial of tiotropium in adolescents with severe symptomatic asthma.
Protein phosphatase 5 mediates corticosteroid insensitivity in airway smooth muscle in patients with severe asthma.
The infant gut bacterial microbiota and risk of pediatric asthma and allergic diseases.
Children with bronchial asthma assessed for psychosocial problems in a teaching hospital in Nigeria.
Risk factors of childhood asthma in children attending Lyari General Hospital.
Efficacy of BI 671800, an oral CRTH2 antagonist, in poorly controlled asthma as sole controller and in the presence of inhaled corticosteroid treatment.
A randomised controlled trial of small particle inhaled steroids in refractory eosinophilic asthma (SPIRA).
Bisphenol A exposure and asthma development in school-age children: a longitudinal study.
Abdominal and general adiposity and level of asthma control in adults with uncontrolled asthma.
Development of a patient passport in asthma management.
Asthma and odors: the role of risk perception in asthma exacerbation.
Declines with age in childhood asthma symptoms and health care use: an adjustment for evaluations.
Astragalus membranaceus modulates Th1/2 immune balance and activates PPARγ in a murine asthma model.
Transforming growth factor β and severe asthma: a perfect storm.
Repeatability of induced sputum measurements in moderate to severe asthma.
Ambient air pollution exposure and incident adult asthma in a nationwide cohort of U.S. women.
Asthma deaths in a large provincial health system. A 10-year population-based study.
Molecular interaction network and pathway studies of ADAM33 potentially relevant to asthma.
Physician-pharmacist collaborative management of asthma in primary care.
Identification and association of the single nucleotide polymorphisms, C-509T, C+466T and T+869C, of the TGF-β1 gene in patients with asthma and their influence on the mRNA expression level of TGF-β1.
The effects of nodakenin on airway inflammation, hyper-responsiveness and remodeling in a murine model of allergic asthma.
Respiratory tract infections and asthma control in children.
Lung function trajectories from birth through puberty reflect asthma phenotypes with allergic comorbidity.
Comprehensive efficacy of omalizumab for severe refractory asthma: a time-series observational study.
Genetic variants in endotoxin signalling pathway, domestic endotoxin exposure and asthma exacerbations.
Epistasis between serine protease inhibitor Kazal-type 5 (SPINK5) and thymic stromal lymphopoietin (TSLP) genes contributes to childhood asthma.
Antigen 43/Fcε3 chimeric protein expressed by a novel bacterial surface expression system as an effective asthma vaccine.
Nocturnal continuous positive airway pressure in severe non-apneic asthma. A pilot study.
Efficacy and Safety of Tiotropium in the Treatment of Severe Persistent Asthma:Meta-analysis.
Asthma in an Adult Female Vervet Monkey (Chlorocebus sabaeus).
Therapeutic potential of an orally effective small molecule inhibitor of plasminogen activator inhibitor for asthma.
Childhood wheezing phenotypes influence asthma, lung function and exhaled nitric oxide fraction in adolescence.
Association Between CD14 Polymorphism (-1145G/A) and Childhood Bronchial Asthma.
Distinct sustained structural and functional effects of interleukin-33 and interleukin-25 on the airways in a murine asthma surrogate.
The Study Team for Early Life Asthma Research (STELAR) consortium 'Asthma e-lab': team science bringing data, methods and investigators together.
MBD2 Regulates Th17 Cell Differentiation and Experimental Severe Asthma by Affecting IRF4 Expression.
[Characteristics of the expression of the transcription factor pSTAT3 in asthma].
hMSCs suppress neutrophil-dominant airway inflammation in a murine model of asthma.
Personalised Medicine for Asthma and Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease.
[Clinical significance of peripheral blood neutrophil-lymphocyte ratio and platelet- lymphocyte ratio in patients with asthma].
Inhibitory effects of l-theanine on airway inflammation in ovalbumin-induced allergic asthma.
Comparison of Thymic Stromal Lymphopoietin Concentration in Various Human Biospecimens from Asthma and COPD Patients Measured with Two Different ELISA Kits.
Critical role of caspase-8-mediated IL-1 signaling in promoting Th2 responses during asthma pathogenesis.
Profile of Acute Asthma Exacerbation in Drug Users.
Steroid insensitive fixed airflow obstruction is not related to airway inflammation in older non-smokers with asthma.
Dupixent, a New Entrant In the Asthma Lists.
Patient-reported outcome instruments that evaluate adherence behaviours in adults with asthma: a systematic review of measurement properties.
Validation of the Spanish version of the childhood asthma control test (cACT) in a population of Hispanic children.
Effects of Traditional Chinese Medicine herbs for tonifying Qi and kidney, and replenishing spleen on intermittent asthma in children aged 2 to 5 years old.
Exposure to acid-suppressing drugs during pregnancy and the risk of asthma in childhood: an observational cohort study.
Acute neurokinin-1 receptor antagonism fails to dampen airflow limitation or airway eosinophilia in an experimental model of feline asthma.
Impacts of coexisting bronchial asthma on severe exacerbations in mild-to-moderate COPD: results from a national database.
Expression of toll-like receptors 2 and 4 in subjects with asthma by total serum IgE level.
Vitamin D and Lung Function Decline in Adults With Asthma: The HUNT Study.
Naringin Protects Ovalbumin-Induced Airway Inflammation in a Mouse Model of Asthma.
Glycomacropeptide administration attenuates airway inflammation and remodeling associated to allergic asthma in rat.
Comparable reductions in hyperpnoea-induced bronchoconstriction and markers of airway inflammation after supplementation with 6·2 and 3·1 g/d of long-chain n-3 PUFA in adults with asthma.
Improving Medication Adherence with Two-way Short Message Service Reminders in Sickle Cell Disease and Asthma. A feasibility randomized controlled trial.
Telehealth Interventions to Support Self-Management of Long-Term Conditions: A Systematic Metareview of Diabetes, Heart Failure, Asthma, Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease, and Cancer.
Omalizumab in children with uncontrolled allergic asthma: Review of clinical trial and real-world experience.
Benefits of subspecialty adherence after asthma hospitalization and patient perceived barriers to care.
Biological factor related to Asian sand dust particles contributes to the exacerbation of asthma.
Frequent exacerbators--a distinct phenotype of severe asthma.
Health status measurement in patients with severe asthma.
[Impact of allergen immunotherapy after two years of suspension in patients with asthma].
Typical halogenated persistent organic pollutants in indoor dust and the associations with childhood asthma in Shanghai, China.
Drop-out rate among patients treated with omalizumab for severe asthma: Literature review and real-life experience.
Level of asthma control and health care utilization in Asia-Pacific countries.
Pediatric obesity and its effects on asthma control.
Childhood asthma clusters and response to therapy in clinical trials.
Asthma and severity of the 2009 novel H1N1 influenza: a case-control study.
Importance of inhaler device use status in the control of asthma in adults: the asthma inhaler treatment study.
JAK/STAT5 signaling pathway inhibitor ruxolitinib reduces airway inflammation of neutrophilic asthma in mice model.
Predictors of accelerated decline in lung function in adult-onset asthma.
Factors associated with emergency department visits in asthma exacerbation.
Asthma control in Australia: a cross-sectional web-based survey in a nationally representative population.
Asthma control among adults in Saudi Arabia. Study of determinants.
Effectiveness of Montelukast on asthma control in infants: methodology of a French claims data study.
Diagnosis and management of asthma in preschoolers: A Canadian Thoracic Society and Canadian Paediatric Society position paper.
Reslizumab for inadequately controlled asthma with elevated blood eosinophil counts: results from two multicentre, parallel, double-blind, randomised, placebo-controlled, phase 3 trials.
Non-adherence in children with asthma reviewed: The need for improvement of asthma care and medical education.
Foxp3 regulates ratio of Treg and NKT cells in a mouse model of asthma.
Tiotropium or salmeterol as add-on therapy to inhaled corticosteroids for patients with moderate symptomatic asthma: two replicate, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel-group, active-comparator, randomised trials.
[Investigations into the relationship between respiratory disorders and excessive body weight in the adolescents presenting with bronchial asthma treated based at a specialized health resort facility].
Chronic disease management programmes for adults with asthma.
Stopping long-acting beta2-agonists (LABA) for children with asthma well controlled on LABA and inhaled corticosteroids.
Multiple sclerosis course and clinical outcomes in patients with comorbid asthma: a survey study.
Management of chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps and coexisting asthma: A systematic review.
Sleep-disordered breathing and asthma: evidence from a large multicentric epidemiological study in China.
The effects of expressive writing on lung function, quality of life, medication use, and symptoms in adults with asthma: a randomized controlled trial.
Eucalyptus pollen allergy and asthma in children: a cross-sectional study in South-East Queensland, Australia.
Tiotropium Respimat®: A Review of Its Use in Asthma Poorly Controlled with Inhaled Corticosteroids and Long-Acting β2-Adrenergic Agonists.
Safety of β2-Agonists in Asthma: Linking Mechanisms, Meta-Analyses and Regulatory Practice.
Predicting asthma control: the role of psychological triggers.
Allergic rhinitis and asthma: epidemiology and common pathophysiology.
[Obesity and the severity of asthma crisis].
Sleep duration, sleep hygiene, and insomnia in adolescents with asthma.
Impact of asthma exacerbations and asthma triggers on asthma-related quality of life in patients with severe or difficult-to-treat asthma.
The role of atypical infections and macrolide therapy in patients with asthma.
Severe asthma in children.
Mepolizumab treatment in patients with severe eosinophilic asthma.
Asthma and the otolaryngologist.
Genetic variation in ORMDL3 gene may contribute to the risk of asthma: a meta-analysis.
Epithelial interleukin-25 is a key mediator in Th2-high, corticosteroid-responsive asthma.
Effects of pollen season on central and peripheral nitric oxide production in subjects with pollen asthma.
Elevated receptor for activated C kinase 1 expression is involved in intracellular Ca2+ influx and potentially associated with compromised regulatory T cell function in patients with asthma.
The Asthma Control Questionnaire as a clinical trial endpoint: past experience and recommendations for future use.
Comorbidity between depression and asthma via immune-inflammatory pathways: a meta-analysis.
Plasma connective tissue growth factor levels as potential biomarkers of airway obstruction in patients with asthma.
The chitinase-like protein YKL-40 is not a useful biomarker for severe persistent asthma in children.
The adjuvant effect induced by di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) is mediated through oxidative stress in a mouse model of asthma.
Perinatal and early childhood environmental factors influencing allergic asthma immunopathogenesis.
Electronic monitoring of symptoms and lung function to assess asthma control in children.
Relative exposure to controller therapy and asthma exacerbations: a validation study in community pharmacies.
Gene expression profiling of laser microdissected airway smooth muscle tissue in asthma and atopy.
Full blood count parameters for the detection of asthma inflammatory phenotypes.
Standardized quality (SQ) house dust mite sublingual immunotherapy tablet (ALK) reduces inhaled corticosteroid use while maintaining asthma control: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
Does personality influence how people with asthma manage their condition?
Assay of IL-22 and IL-25 in serum, whole blood, and peripheral blood mononuclear cell cultures of patients with severe asthma.
Randomised feasibility study of a novel experience-based internet intervention to support self-management in chronic asthma.
STAT6 Regulates the Development of Eosinophilic versus Neutrophilic Asthma in Response to Alternaria alternata.
Characteristics of IL-25 and allergen-induced airway fibrosis in a murine model of asthma.
[Use of inflammatory markers for monitoring paediatric asthma].
Severe asthma in school-age children: evaluation and phenotypic advances.
Is secondhand smoke exposure associated with increased exacerbation severity among children hospitalized for asthma?
Gas, dust, and fumes exposure is associated with mite sensitization and with asthma in mite-sensitized adults.
Bronchopulmonary lymph nodes and large airway cell trafficking in patients with fatal asthma.
Risk factors for asthma exacerbation in patients presenting to an emergency unit of a national referral hospital in Kampala, Uganda.
Risk factors associated with irreversible airway obstruction in nonsmoking adult patients with severe asthma.
Distinguishing adult-onset asthma from COPD: a review and a new approach.
Genome-wide interrogation of longitudinal FEV1 in children with asthma.
Use of leukotriene receptor antagonists are associated with a similar risk of asthma exacerbations as inhaled corticosteroids.
Asthma exacerbation rates in adults are unchanged over a 5-year period despite high-intensity therapy.
Oral glucocorticoid-sparing effect of mepolizumab in eosinophilic asthma.
Establishing benchmarks for the hospitalized care of children with asthma, bronchiolitis, and pneumonia.
The association of asthma and atrial fibrillation--a nationwide population-based nested case-control study.
Clinical application of inert gas Multiple Breath Washout in children and adolescents with asthma.
Trends in racial disparities for asthma outcomes among children 0 to 17 years, 2001-2010.
Vitamin D and asthma-life after VIDA?
House dust mite sublingual immunotherapy is safe and appears to be effective in moderate, persistent asthma.
Stability of phenotypes defined by physiological variables and biomarkers in adults with asthma.
Factors associated with concordance between parental-reported use and dispensed asthma drugs in adolescents: findings from the BAMSE birth cohort.
PDE inhibitors currently in early clinical trials for the treatment of asthma.
The relation of airway obstruction to asthma, chronic rhinosinusitis and age: results from a population survey of adults.
Children with asthma have significantly lower long-term cortisol levels in their scalp hair than healthy children.
Factors associated with severe uncontrolled asthma and the perception of control by physicians and patients.
Body mass index, asthma and exhaled nitric oxide in U.S. adults, 2007-2010.
Socioeconomic status and asthma control in African American youth in SAGE II.
The association between childhood asthma and adult chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
The nuclear factor I/A (NFIA) gene is associated with the asthma plus rhinitis phenotype.
The interpretation of exhaled nitric oxide values in children with asthma depends on the degree of bronchoconstriction and the levels of asthma severity.
Prevalence of asthma and associated factors in adolescents living in Belem (Amazon region), Para, Brazil.
The role of farm operational and rural environments as potential risk factors for pediatric asthma in rural Saskatchewan.
Factors affecting quality of life of asthma patients in Spain: the importance of patient education.
Risk factors affecting asthma prevalence in adolescents living in Istanbul, Turkey.
Asthma diagnosis and severity monitoring in primary school children: essential role of sequential testing of exhaled nitric oxide.
[Effect of BCYRN1 on proliferation and migration of airway smooth muscle cells in rat model of asthma].
DNA methylation in lung cells is associated with asthma endotypes and genetic risk.
Engaging parents of children with and without asthma in smoking-specific parenting: results from a 3-year Randomized Controlled Trial evaluation.
Pre-eclampsia and childhood asthma.
Intravenous adipose-derived mesenchymal stem cell therapy for the treatment of feline asthma: a pilot study.
Adequate Vitamin D Intake but Low Serum Levels in Pediatric Asthma Patients: A Pilot Study, Alberta Children's Hospital.
Effect of Traditional Chinese Medicine on Inflammatory Mediators in Pediatric Asthma.
Valuing the Economic Costs of Allergic Rhinitis, Acute Bronchitis, and Asthma from Exposure to Indoor Dampness and Mold in the US.
Correlation of IL-18 with Tryptase in Atopic Asthma and Induction of Mast Cell Accumulation by IL-18.
Prevalence of asthma and wheezes among snow crab workers in western Japan: a cross-sectional study.
[Functional and laboratory characteristics in the concomitance of asthma and obesity at a young age].
Association of FEF25-75% Impairment with Bronchial Hyperresponsiveness and Airway Inflammation in Subjects with Asthma-Like Symptoms.
Revisiting the role of the mast cell in asthma.
Circulating Dendritic Cells, Farm Exposure and Asthma at Early Age.
Pharmacological mechanism of roflumilast in the treatment of asthma-COPD overlap.
Comparative proteomics of respiratory exosomes in cystic fibrosis, primary ciliary dyskinesia and asthma.
Mishandling of pMDI and DPI inhalers in asthma and COPD - Repetitive and non-repetitive errors.
A Citizen-Science Study Documents Environmental Exposures and Asthma Prevalence in Two Communities.
Role of Lung Function Genes in the Development of Asthma.
