[Association between central diabetes insipidus and type 2 diabetes mellitus].
Fatal Fournier's gangrene caused by Clostridium ramosum in a patient with central diabetes insipidus and insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus: a case report.
Pulmonary Langerhans Cell Histiocytosis in an Adult Male Presenting with Central Diabetes Insipidus and Diabetes Mellitus: A Case Report.
Diabetes mellitus, diabetes insipidus, optic atrophy, and deafness: A case of Wolfram (DIDMOAD) syndrome.
History of Diabetes Insipidus.
One too many diabetes: the combination of hyperglycaemic hyperosmolar state and central diabetes insipidus.
Diabetes insipidus in pregnancy: how to advice the patient?
A Copeptin-Based Approach in the Diagnosis of Diabetes Insipidus.
Refractory diabetes insipidus leading to diagnosis of type 2 diabetes mellitus and non-ketotic hyperglycemia in an adolescent male.
Genetic forms of neurohypophyseal diabetes insipidus.
Genetics of Diabetes Insipidus.
Diabetes Insipidus and Syndrome of Inappropriate Antidiuretic Hormone in Critically Ill Patients.
Hyperemesis gravidarum followed by refeeding syndrome causes electrolyte abnormalities induced rhabdomyolysis and diabetes insipidus.
Usefulness of anti-rabphilin-3A antibodies for diagnosing central diabetes insipidus in the third trimester of pregnancy.
Diabetes Insipidus.
Arginine-stimulated copeptin measurements in the differential diagnosis of diabetes insipidus: a prospective diagnostic study.
[Case of distal renal tubular acidosis complicated with renal diabetes insipidus, showing aggravation of symptoms with occurrence of diabetes mellitus].
Diabetes insipidus is an unfavorable prognostic factor for response to glucocorticoids in patients with autoimmune hypophysitis.
Mice deficient for ERAD machinery component Sel1L develop central diabetes insipidus.
Adipsic diabetes insipidus revealing a bifocal intracranial germinoma.
Incidence of Diabetes Insipidus in Postoperative Period among the Patients Undergoing Pituitary Tumour Surgery.
[Coexistence of autoimmune polyglandular syndrome type 3 with diabetes insipidus].
Diabetes insipidus and pregnancy.
The central diabetes insipidus associated with septo-optic dysplasia (de Morsier syndrome).
The value of urine specific gravity in detecting diabetes insipidus in a patient with uncontrolled diabetes mellitus: urine specific gravity in differential diagnosis.
Diabetes insipidus in infants and children.
Rapid differential diagnosis of diabetes insipidus in a 7-month-old infant: The copeptin approach.
The clinical course and pathophysiological investigation of adolescent gestational diabetes insipidus: a case report.
Soluble (pro)renin receptor as a potential therapy for diabetes insipidus.
Animal models of Central Diabetes Insipidus: Human relevance of acquired beyond hereditary syndromes and the role of oxytocin.
Central diabetes insipidus: beware of Langerhans cell histiocytosis!
A challenging coexistence of central diabetes insipidus and cerebral salt wasting syndrome: a case report.
Identification of a novel X-linked arginine-vasopressin receptor 2 mutation in nephrogenic diabetes insipidus: Case report and pedigree analysis.
[Clinical observation of 5 cases of diabetes insipidus complicated with skeletal fluorosis].
Juvenile-onset gout and adipsic diabetes insipidus: A case report and literature review.
Congenital central diabetes insipidus and optic atrophy in a Wolfram newborn: is there a role for WFS1 gene in neurodevelopment?
Diabetes Insipidus After Discontinuation of Vasopressin Infusion for Treatment of Shock.
Polyuria with the Concurrent manifestation of Central Diabetes Insipidus (CDI) & Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (DM).
ADIPSIC DIABETES INSIPIDUS: A REVIEW.
[Influence of preventive use of vasopressin tannate on diabetes insipidus and serum sodium at the early postoperation of craniopharyngioma].
A history of diabetes insipidus: paving the road to internal water balance.
Management of diabetes insipidus and adipsia in the child.
Effect of Preserving the Pituitary Stalk During Resection of Craniopharyngioma in Children on the Diabetes Insipidus and Relapse Rates and Long-Term Outcomes.
Adipsic diabetes insipidus secondary to craniopharyngioma resection.
Ketamine-Induced Diabetes Insipidus.
Double Trouble - Severe Hypernatremia Secondary to Central Diabetes Insipidus Complicated by Hypercalcemic Nephrogenic Diabetes Insipidus: A Case Report.
Diabetes insipidus: celebrating a century of vasopressin therapy.
Methotrexate-associated lymphoproliferative disorder with hypopituitarism and central diabetes insipidus.
ISCHEMIC PITUITARY APOPLEXY, HYPOPITUITARISM AND DIABETES INSIPIDUS: A TRIAD UNIQUE TO NECROTIZING HYPOPHYSITIS.
Long-Term Follow-up of a Case with Proprotein Convertase 1/3 Deficiency: Transient Diabetes Mellitus with Intervening Diabetic Ketoacidosis During Growth Hormone Therapy.
Hemorrhagic fever with renal syndrome accompanied by panhypopituitarism and central diabetes insipidus: a case report.
Diabetes insipidus: Differential diagnosis and management.
Gestational diabetes insipidus.
Bendamustine-Induced Nephrogenic Diabetes Insipidus in a Patient With AL Amyloidosis.
Adipsic diabetes insipidus in adult patients.
Exacerbation of pre-existing diabetes insipidus during pregnancy, mechanisms and management.
Early central diabetes insipidus: An ominous sign in post-cardiac arrest patients.
[Clinical characteristics of central diabetes insipidus: a retrospective analysis of 230 cases].
Cardiovascular autonomic dysfunction in patients with idiopathic diabetes insipidus.
Transient Diabetes Insipidus Following Organophosphorus Poisoning.
Nephrogenic Diabetes Insipidus.
Bilateral Ossified Chronic Subdural Hematoma Presenting as Diabetes Insipidus-Case Report and Literature Review.
Hereditary Nephrogenic Diabetes Insipidus: Pathophysiology and Possible Treatment. An Update.
Acute myeloid leukemia with central diabetes insipidus.
The soluble (Pro) renin receptor does not influence lithium-induced diabetes insipidus but does provoke beiging of white adipose tissue in mice.
Transient Diabetes Insipidus After Discontinuation of Vasopressin in Neurological Intensive Care Unit Patients: Case Series and Literature Review.
A novel AVPR2 splice site mutation leads to partial X-linked nephrogenic diabetes insipidus in two brothers.
Diabetes insipidus-like state complicating percutaneous transluminal renal stenting for transplant renal artery stenosis.
Nephrogenic Diabetes Insipidus.
Central diabetes insipidus: A rare complication of IVH in a very low birth weight preterm infant.
For Debate: Personalized Health Care: As Exemplified by Home Sodium Measurements in a Child with Central Diabetes Insipidus and Impaired Thirst Perception.
Outcome of diabetes insipidus in patients with Rathke's cleft cysts.
Chemical chaperone 4-phenylbutylate reduces mutant protein accumulation in the endoplasmic reticulum of arginine vasopressin neurons in a mouse model for familial neurohypophysial diabetes insipidus.
Diagnosis and Management of Combined Central Diabetes Insipidus and Cerebral Salt Wasting Syndrome After Traumatic Brain Injury.
ADHD symptoms in a young patient with central diabetes insipidus.
A novel detrimental homozygous mutation in the WFS1 gene in two sisters from nonconsanguineous parents with untreated diabetes insipidus.
The clinical pattern of diabetes Insipidus in a large university hospital in the Middle East.
A Novel Mutation in the <i>AVPR2</i> Gene Causing Congenital Nephrogenic Diabetes Insipidus
Delayed Occurrence of Diabetes Insipidus After Transsphenoidal Surgery with Radiologic Evaluation of the Pituitary Stalk on Magnetic Resonance Imaging.
Diabetes insipidus.
Novel mutations associated with nephrogenic diabetes insipidus. A clinical-genetic study.
Intracranial pathologies associated with central diabetes insipidus in infants.
Dengue fever with diffuse cerebral hemorrhages, subdural hematoma and cranial diabetes insipidus.
Post-hemorrhagic hydrocephalus and diabetes insipidus in preterm infants.
[New Diagnostic Standard in Diabetes Insipidus].
[Alobar holoprosencephaly associated with diabetes insipidus and hypothyroidism in a 10-month old infant].
Manifestation of Central Diabetes Insipidus in a Patient with Thyroid Storm.
Atorvastatin in the treatment of Lithium-induced nephrogenic diabetes insipidus: the protocol of a randomized controlled trial.
Value of Renal Biopsy in Diagnosing Infantile Nephropathic Cystinosis Associated With Secondary Nephrogenic Diabetes Insipidus.
Erdheim-chester disease revealed by diabetes insipidus.
Resolved heart tamponade and controlled exophthalmos, facial pain and diabetes insipidus due to Erdheim-Chester disease.
Overlap of Post-obstructive Diuresis and Unmasked Diabetes Insipidus in a Case of IgG4-related Retroperitoneal Fibrosis and Tuberoinfundibular Hypophysitis: A Case Report and Review of the Literature.
Central diabetes insipidus unmasked by corticosteroid therapy for cerebral metastases: beware the case with pituitary involvement and hypopituitarism.
Temporary diabetes insipidus in 2 men after on-pump coronary artery bypass grafting.
Xanthomatous Hypophysitis Presenting with Diabetes Insipidus Completely Cured Through Transsphenoidal Surgery: Case Report and Literature Review.
Central diabetes insipidus: clinical profile that suggests organicity in Peruvian children: Lima - Peru 2001-2013.
[Etiological diagnosis of central diabetes insipidus: about 41 cases].
Maternal rhabdomyolysis and twin fetal death associated with gestational diabetes insipidus.
Permanent Central Diabetes Insipidus as a Complication of S. pneumoniae Meningitis in the Pediatric Population.
[Granulomatosis with polyangiitis manifested as diabetes insipidus].
Clinical Predictors of Diabetes Insipidus After Transcranial Surgery for Pituitary Adenoma.
Opioid-induced hyponatremia in a patient with central diabetes insipidus: independence from ADH.
The Novel Ser18del AVP Variant Causes Inherited Neurohypophyseal Diabetes Insipidus by Mechanisms Shared with Other Signal Peptide Variants.
[A Case of Central Diabetes Insipidus That Was Caused by Pituitary Metastasis of Lung Adenocarcinoma and Was Controlled by Radiation Therapy].
'If there were water we should stop and drink': neurofibromatosis presenting with diabetes insipidus.
CENTRAL DIABETES INSIPIDUS: CLINICAL CHARACTERISTICS AND LONG-TERM COURSE IN A LARGE COHORT OF ADULTS.
Functional characterization of AVPR2 mutants found in Turkish patients with nephrogenic diabetes insipidus.
A case of gestational central diabetes insipidus with oligohydramnios.
[Diabetes insipidus].
[The efficacy of desmopressin in the treatment of central diabetes insipidus after resection of chiasmo-sellar region tumors].
Ifosfamide-induced Fanconi syndrome with diabetes insipidus.
Copeptin and its role in the diagnosis of diabetes insipidus and the syndrome of inappropriate antidiuresis.
A novel mechanism of autophagy-associated cell death of vasopressin neurons in familial neurohypophysial diabetes insipidus.
Prediction of postoperative diabetes insipidus using morphological hyperintensity patterns in the pituitary stalk on magnetic resonance imaging after transsphenoidal surgery for sellar tumors.
Genetic forms of nephrogenic diabetes insipidus (NDI): Vasopressin receptor defect (X-linked) and aquaporin defect (autosomal recessive and dominant).
A novel AVP gene mutation in a Turkish family with neurohypophyseal diabetes insipidus.
Cooperative mechanisms involved in chronic antidiuretic response to bendroflumethiazide in rats with lithium-induced nephrogenic diabetes insipidus.
Diabetes insipidus as a rare cause of acute cognitive impairment in multiple sclerosis.
Severe congenital nephrogenic diabetes insipidus in a compound heterozygote with a new large deletion of the AQP2 gene. A case report.
Transient Diabetes Insipidus Following Thermal Burn; A Case Report and Literature Review.
Lithium treatment, nephrogenic diabetes insipidus and the risk of hypernatraemia: a retrospective cohort study.
Tamoxifen attenuates development of lithium-induced nephrogenic diabetes insipidus in rats.
Early-Onset Central Diabetes Insipidus due to Compound Heterozygosity for AVP Mutations.
Central diabetes insipidus in pediatric patients with Langerhans cell histiocytosis: Results from the JLSG-96/02 studies.
AKAPs-PKA disruptors increase AQP2 activity independently of vasopressin in a model of nephrogenic diabetes insipidus.
Nephrogenic diabetes insipidus after esophagectomy in a patient with remote history of lithium treatment: A case report.
Diabetes insipidus during pregnancy.
Diabetes insipidus after discontinuation of vasopressin infusion for septic shock.
Use of acetazolamide in lithium-induced nephrogenic diabetes insipidus: a case report.
Idiopathic central diabetes insipidus in an extreme premature infant: A case report.
Xanthoma Disseminatum in a Young Patient with Diabetes Insipidus.
Neuroimaging of central diabetes insipidus-when, how and findings.
Physiological insights into novel therapies for nephrogenic diabetes insipidus.
False diagnosis of type 1 diabetes mellitus and its complications in Wolfram syndrome--is it the reason for the low number of reported cases of this abnormality?
Clinical guidelines for management of diabetes insipidus and syndrome of inappropriate antidiuretic hormone secretion after pituitary surgery.
A novel mutation in the AVPR2 gene (222delA) associated with X-linked nephrogenic diabetes insipidus in a boy with growth failure.
A rat model for pituitary stalk electric lesion-induced central diabetes insipidus: application of 3D printing and further outcome assessments.
Recovery from diabetes insipidus and preservation of thyroid function after craniopharyngioma removal and pituitary stalk sectioning.
A novel AVPR2 gene mutation of X-linked congenital nephrogenic diabetes insipidus in an Asian pedigree.
Central Diabetes Insipidus in Refractory Antineutrophil Cytoplasmic Antibody-associated Vasculitis.
Activation of AQP2 water channels without vasopressin: therapeutic strategies for congenital nephrogenic diabetes insipidus.
Predictor Variables of Developing Anterior Pituitary Deficiencies in a Group of Paediatric Patients with Central Diabetes Insipidus and Langerhans Cell Histiocytosis.
Oral administration of diluted nasal desmopressin in managing neonatal central diabetes insipidus.
Evaluation of electrocardiographic parameters in patients with diabetes insipidus.
A novel AVPR2 missense mutation in an Asian family with inherited nephrogenic diabetes insipidus: A case report.
Autoimmune central diabetes insipidus in a patient with ureaplasma urealyticum infection and review on new triggers of immune response.
Contiguous 22.1-kb deletion embracing AVPR2 and ARHGAP4 genes at novel breakpoints leads to nephrogenic diabetes insipidus in a Chinese pedigree.
Central Diabetes Insipidus and Cisplatin-Induced Renal Salt Wasting Syndrome: A Challenging Combination.
V2R mutations and nephrogenic diabetes insipidus.
Diabetes insipidus--diagnosis and management.
Diabetes Insipidus Presenting with Oligohydramnios and Polyuria During Pregnancy.
Brain Death in Children: Incidence, Donation Rates, and the Occurrence of Central Diabetes Insipidus.
[Thickening of the pituitary stalk in children and adolescents with central diabetes insipidus: Causes and consequences].
[Vasopressin V2 receptor-related pathologies: congenital nephrogenic diabetes insipidus and nephrogenic syndrome of inappropiate antidiuresis].
A Novel Synonymous Variant in the AVP Gene Associated with Autosomal Dominant Familial Neurohypophyseal Diabetes Insipidus Causes Partial RNA Missplicing.
Gestational diabetes insipidus. Case Report.
Acute presentation of gestational diabetes insipidus with pre-eclampsia complicated by cerebral vasoconstriction: a case report and review of the published work.
Pathophysiology, diagnosis and management of nephrogenic diabetes insipidus.
Objective assessment of thirst recovery in patients with adipsic diabetes insipidus.
Central diabetes insipidus: a previously unreported side effect of temozolomide.
Adipsic diabetes insipidus in pediatric patients.
Central Diabetes Insipidus in an Off-pump Coronary Artery Bypass Grafting Surgery.
[Importance of long-term follow-up of diabetes insipidus; from lymphocytic hypophysitis to germinoma].
Postoperative Diabetes Insipidus and Hyponatremia in Children after Transsphenoidal Surgery for Adrenocorticotropin Hormone and Growth Hormone Secreting Adenomas.
Central Diabetes Insipidus in an Infant with Pneumococcal Meningitis.
Diabetes insipidus secondary to tuberculous meningoencephalitis with hypothalamic involvement extending to the hypophysis: a case report.
A case of myeloperoxidase anti-neutrophil cytoplasmic antibody (MPO-ANCA)-associated hypertrophic pachymeningitis presenting with multiple cranial nerve palsies and diabetes insipidus.
Cerebral tuberculomas in a 6-year-old girl causing central diabetes insipidus.
Genetics and diagnosis of central diabetes insipidus.
Adipsic Diabetes Insipidus-The Challenging Combination of Polyuria and Adipsia: A Case Report and Review of Literature.
Quality of life in the patients with central diabetes insipidus assessed by Nagasaki Diabetes Insipidus Questionnaire.
[Transient central diabetes insipidus associated with pregnancy. Case report and bibliography review].
P2Y12 Receptor Localizes in the Renal Collecting Duct and Its Blockade Augments Arginine Vasopressin Action and Alleviates Nephrogenic Diabetes Insipidus.
Clinical presentation and outcome of children with central diabetes insipidus associated with a self-limited or transient pituitary stalk thickening, diagnosed as infundibuloneurohypophysitis.
A Rare Case of Congenital Diabetes Insipidus.
Undiagnosed nephrogenic diabetes insipidus as a cause of acute urinary retention in a young soldier.
Central diabetes insipidus associated with refeeding in anorexia nervosa: A case report.
Adipsic diabetes insipidus and venous thromboembolism (VTE): recommendations for addressing its hypercoagulability.
Hypothalamic relapse of a cardiac large B-cell lymphoma presenting with memory loss, confabulation, alexia-agraphia, apathy, hypersomnia, appetite disturbances and diabetes insipidus.
Familial forms of diabetes insipidus: clinical and molecular characteristics.
Two novel mutations in seven Czech and Slovak kindreds with familial neurohypophyseal diabetes insipidus-benefit of genetic testing.
Prevalence and risk factors for central diabetes insipidus in cardiac arrest survivor treated with targeted temperature management.
[Congenital nephrogenic diabetes insipidus: about a case report].
Functional ectopic neural lobe increases GAP-43 expression via PI3K/AKT pathways to alleviate central diabetes insipidus after pituitary stalk lesion in rats.
Central diabetes insipidus in pediatric severe traumatic brain injury.
Pulmonary Langerhans cell histiocytosis and diabetes insipidus in pregnant women: our experience.
Microvascular diabetes complications in Wolfram syndrome (diabetes insipidus, diabetes mellitus, optic atrophy, and deafness [DIDMOAD]): an age- and duration-matched comparison with common type 1 diabetes.
A case of central diabetes insipidus after ketamine infusion during an external to internal carotid artery bypass.
Risk of diabetes insipidus after pituitary surgery.
Enteroviral Meningoencephalitis Complicated by Central Diabetes Insipidus in a Neonate: A Case Report and Review of the Literature.
Mutations in the AVPR2, AVP-NPII, and AQP2 genes in Turkish patients with diabetes insipidus.
Hereditary Neurohypophyseal Diabetes Insipidus.
Case report of severe Cushing's syndrome in medullary thyroid cancer complicated by functional diabetes insipidus, aortic dissection, jejunal intussusception, and paraneoplastic dysautonomia: remission with sorafenib without reduction in cortisol concentration.
Heterogenous patterns of recovery of thirst in adult patients with adipsic diabetes insipidus.
Permanent central diabetes insipidus after mild head injury.
The spectrum of clinical presentation, diagnosis, and management of mitochondrial forms of diabetes.
Bilateral optic neuropathy with central diabetes insipidus in a child.
Congenital nephrogenic diabetes insipidus with end-stage renal disease.
Pulmonary langerhans cell histiocytosis case with diabetes insipidus and tuberculosis.
Spontaneous intermittent MRI changes of a pituitary stalk lesion causing diabetes insipidus and amenorrhea.
Diabetes insipidus.
Dilatative uropathy as a manifestation of neurohypophyseal diabetes insipidus due to a novel mutation in the arginine vasopressin-neurophysin-II gene.
Pemetrexed-Induced Nephrogenic Diabetes Insipidus.
Secondary nocturnal enuresis related to central diabetes insipidus as an early manifestation of intracranial germinomatous germ cell tumors in a series of male youngsters.
Clinical characteristics of central diabetes insipidus in Taiwanese children.
Congenital toxoplasmosis presenting as central diabetes insipidus in an infant: a case report.
Transient Diabetes Insipidus Following Cardiopulmonary Bypass.
Phenotype heterogeneity of congenital adrenal hyperplasia due to genetic mosaicism and concomitant nephrogenic diabetes insipidus in a sibling.
Gestational diabetes insipidus: a review of an underdiagnosed condition.
Delayed recovery of adipsic diabetes insipidus (ADI) caused by elective clipping of anterior communicating artery and left middle cerebral artery aneurysms.
Cerebral Salt Wasting Complicated by Central Diabetes Insipidus and Growth Hormone Deficiency.
Acetazolamide Attenuates Lithium-Induced Nephrogenic Diabetes Insipidus.
Defective Store-Operated Calcium Entry Causes Partial Nephrogenic Diabetes Insipidus.
Severe localised granulomatosis with polyangiitis (Wegener's granulomatosis) manifesting with extensive cranial nerve palsies and cranial diabetes insipidus: a case report and literature review.
Intense Pituitary 18F-Fluorodeoxyglucose Positron Emission Tomography Uptake in a Patient with Diabetes Insipidus
The confounding effect of the development of idiopathic orthostatic edema and thyrotoxcosis on weight fluctuation related to effects on free water clearance in a woman with long-standing surgically induced panhypopituitarism and diabetes insipidus.
Endocrine abnormalities in cardiofaciocutaneous syndrome: a case of precocious puberty, hyperprolactinemia and diabetes insipidus.
Hypercalcemia induces targeted autophagic degradation of aquaporin-2 at the onset of nephrogenic diabetes insipidus.
Anterior hypopituitarism is rare and autoimmune disease is common in adults with idiopathic central diabetes insipidus.
The Relationship Between Posterior Pituitary Bright Spot on Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) and Postoperative Diabetes Insipidus for Pituitary Adenoma Patients.
Pre- and post-treatment urinary tract findings in children with nephrogenic diabetes insipidus.
Disorders of water metabolism: diabetes insipidus and the syndrome of inappropriate antidiuretic hormone secretion.
Water homeostasis and diabetes insipidus in horses.
Nephrogenic diabetes insipidus.
Renal Tubular Acidosis Presenting as Nephrogenic Diabetes Insipidus.
From Mechanical to Chemical: A Case of Diabetes Insipidus Induced by Concussive Brain Injury.
Incidence of pituitary autoantibodies in idiopathic diabetes insipidus.
Longitudinal Extensive Transverse Myelitis and Central Diabetes Insipidus: A Severe Flare of Systemic Lupus Erythematosus.
Complete Nephrogenic Diabetes Insipidus After Prolonged Sevoflurane Sedation: A Case Report of 3 Cases.
Postoperative Copeptin Concentration Predicts Diabetes Insipidus After Pituitary Surgery.
Diabetes insipidus and the use of desmopressin in hospitalised children.
A case of thymic Langerhans cell histiocytosis with diabetes insipidus as the first presentation.
AVP-NPII gene mutations and clinical characteristics of the patients with autosomal dominant familial central diabetes insipidus.
[Difficult diagnosis of Erdheim Chester disease revealed by central diabetes insipidus].
INCIDENCE OF CENTRAL DIABETES INSIPIDUS IN CHILDREN PRESENTING WITH POLYDIPSIA AND POLYURIA.
Diabetes Insipidus as an Initial Presentation of Myelodysplastic Syndrome: Diagnosis with Single-Nucleotide Polymorphism Array-Based Karyotyping.
Central diabetes insipidus in children with acute brain insult.
CENTRAL DIABETES INSIPIDUS AND CHEMOTHERAPY: USE OF A CONTINUOUS ARGININE VASOPRESSIN INFUSION FOR FLUID AND SODIUM BALANCE.
Transient central diabetes insipidus induced by ketamine infusion.
Acute myeloid leukemia with t(3;8)(q26;q24) complicated by diabetes insipidus.
Hydrochlorothiazide attenuates lithium-induced nephrogenic diabetes insipidus independently of the sodium-chloride cotransporter.
Identification of a Novel Deletion in AVP-NPII Gene in a Patient with Central Diabetes Insipidus.
Central diabetes insipidus: alert for dehydration in very low birth weight infants during the neonatal period. A case report.
Analysis of the V2 Vasopressin Receptor (V2R) Mutations Causing Partial Nephrogenic Diabetes Insipidus Highlights a Sustainable Signaling by a Non-peptide V2R Agonist.
4-PBA improves lithium-induced nephrogenic diabetes insipidus by attenuating ER stress.
Giant cell myocarditis with central diabetes insipidus: A case report.
Diabetes insipidus following neurosurgery at a university hospital in Western Saudi Arabia.
[Gestational diabetes insipidus during a twin pregnancy].
Suprasellar ganglioglioma presenting with diabetes insipidus in a young boy: a rare clinical presentation.
Response to low dose indomethacin in two children with nephrogenic diabetes insipidus.
Novel and recurrent variants in AVPR2 in 19 families with X-linked congenital nephrogenic diabetes insipidus.
Autosomal dominant familial neurohypophyseal diabetes insipidus caused by a novel nonsense mutation in AVP-NPII gene.
Delirium after thiazide diuretic suspension can unmask diabetes insipidus.
Diagnosis of diabetes insipidus observed in Swiss Duroc boars.
Diabetes insipidus in children.
Lithium-associated primary hyperparathyroidism complicated by nephrogenic diabetes insipidus.
Recurrent pregnancy-induced diabetes insipidus in a woman with hemochromatosis.
Diabetes insipidus-an extremely rare complication from replacement of an external ventricular drain.
Prasugrel suppresses development of lithium-induced nephrogenic diabetes insipidus in mice.
Propofol and diabetes insipidus.
Central diabetes insipidus as a very late relapse limited to the pituitary stalk in Langerhans cell histiocytosis.
A Case of Multiple Myeloma Presenting with Diabetes <i>Insipidus</i>.
Nephrogenic diabetes insipidus in initial stage of acute lymphoblastic leukemia and relapse after haploidentical hematopoietic stem-cell transplantation: A case report.
3T renal (23)Na-MRI: effects of desmopressin in patients with central diabetes insipidus.
Abnormal plasma sodium concentrations in patients treated with desmopressin for cranial diabetes insipidus: results of a long-term retrospective study.
Congenital Nephrogenic Diabetes Insipidus Presented With Bilateral Hydronephrosis and Urinary Infection: A Case Report.
Treatment regimens by pediatric nephrologists in children with congenital nephrogenic diabetes insipidus: A MWPNC study .
Renal compensatory adaptation for water handling in a patient with adipsic diabetes insipidus after clipping of a ruptured aneurysm of the anterior communicating artery .
[Acute myeloid leukemia with monosomy 7 and inv(3)(q21q26.2) complicated with central diabetes insipidus].
A novel mutation affecting the arginine-137 residue of AVPR2 in dizygous twins leads to nephrogenic diabetes insipidus and attenuated urine exosome aquaporin-2.
Acute myeloid leukemia presenting with panhypopituitarism or diabetes insipidus: a case series with molecular genetic analysis and review of the literature.
Tuberculoma of the pituitary gland presenting as diabetes insipidus.
Post-operative diabetes insipidus after endoscopic transsphenoidal surgery.
Systemic lupus erythematosus with Sjögren's syndrome and renal tubular acidosis presenting as nephrogenic diabetes insipidus.
Diagnosis and management of central diabetes insipidus in adults.
[Treatment with sublingual desmopressin in two infants with hydranencephaly and central diabetes insipidus].
The McGill Geriatric Lithium-Induced Diabetes Insipidus Clinical Study (McGLIDICS).
Central Diabetes Insipidus in Infancy With or Without Hypothalamic Adipsic Hypernatremia Syndrome: Early Identification and Outcome.
Treatment of congenital nephrogenic diabetes insipidus in pregnancy.
Diabetes insipidus in pregnancy: etiology, evaluation, and management.
A case report of nephrogenic diabetes insipidus with idiopathic Fanconi syndrome in a child who presented with vitamin D resistant rickets.
Newly developed central diabetes insipidus following kidney transplantation: a case report.
Severe obesity and diabetes insipidus in a patient with PCSK1 deficiency.
Pediatric Central Diabetes Insipidus: Brain Malformations Are Common and Few Patients Have Idiopathic Disease.
Diabetes insipidus in myelodysplastic syndrome: what we learnt from a case regarding its diagnosis, pathophysiology and management.
A very rare entity of diabetes insipidus associated with Edwards syndrome.
An unusual case of central diabetes insipidus & hyperglycemic hyperosmolar state following cardiorespiratory arrest.
Central diabetes insipidus following cardiopulmonary arrest in a dog.
Transient diabetes insipidus in pregnancy.
Identification of <i>Acer2</i> as a First Susceptibility Gene for Lithium-Induced Nephrogenic Diabetes Insipidus in Mice.
Diabetes insipidus.
Histiocytosis X revealed by diabetes insipidus and skin lesions.
Prenatal growth restriction, retinal dystrophy, diabetes insipidus and white matter disease: expanding the spectrum of PRPS1-related disorders.
Amyloid-like aggregation of provasopressin in diabetes insipidus and secretory granule sorting.
Copeptin in the Diagnosis of Diabetes Insipidus.
Copeptin in the Diagnosis of Diabetes Insipidus.
Central diabetes insipidus in a patient with NFKB2 mutation: Expanding the endocrine phenotype in DAVID syndrome.
Copeptin in the Diagnosis of Diabetes Insipidus.
Copeptin in the Diagnosis of Diabetes Insipidus.
Diabetes insipidus in pediatric germinomas of the suprasellar region: characteristic features and significance of the pituitary bright spot.
Diabetes Mellitus, Extreme Insulin Resistance, and Hypothalamic-Pituitary Langerhans Cells Histiocytosis.
Transient diabetes insipidus after severe subarachnoid hemorrhage: not always central.
[Analysis of the factors contributing to diabetes insipidus after surgeries for craniopharyngiomas].
Xanthogranuloma as an unsuspected cause of idiopathic central diabetes insipidus.
Generalized eruptive histiocytoma developing into xanthoma disseminatum with central diabetes insipidus.
Novel large deletion in AVPR2 gene causing copy number variation in a patient with X-linked nephrogenic diabetes insipidus.
Acute diabetes insipidus mediated by vasopressinase after placental abruption.
Diabetes insipidus as the first symptom caused by lung cancer metastasis to the pituitary glands: clinical presentations, diagnosis, and management.
Evaluation of patients with intracranial tumors and central diabetes insipidus.
[Nephrogenic diabetes insipidus].
Late onset of familial neurogenic diabetes insipidus in monozygotic twins.
Mechanisms of prolonged lithium therapy-induced nephrogenic diabetes insipidus.
Role of adenylyl cyclase 6 in the development of lithium-induced nephrogenic diabetes insipidus.
Profound hypernatremia due to central diabetes insipidus.
Familial neurohypophyseal diabetes insipidus in 13 kindreds and 2 novel mutations in the vasopressin gene.
Viral rescue of magnocellular vasopressin cells in adolescent Brattleboro rats ameliorates diabetes insipidus, but not the hypoaroused phenotype.
[A disseminated form of Langerhans histiocytosis associated with diabetes insipidus and diabetes mellitus].
Diabetes insipidus in a patient with diabetes mellitus.
Induced pluripotent stem cells derived from a patient with autosomal dominant familial neurohypophyseal diabetes insipidus caused by a variant in the AVP gene.
Hypoparathyroidism and central diabetes insipidus: in search of the link.
Oxcarbazepine Therapy for Complete Central Diabetes Insipidus.
Time for change: Renaming Diabetes Insipidus to improve patient safety.
Diagnosis of central diabetes insipidus using a vasopressin radioimmunoassay during hypertonic saline infusion.
Successful Treatment of Transient Central Diabetes Insipidus following Traumatic Brain Injury in a Dog.
Hyperactivation of Nrf2 in early tubular development induces nephrogenic diabetes insipidus.
A case of transient central diabetes insipidus after aorto-coronary bypass operation.
Primary treatment regimen and diabetes insipidus as predictors of health outcomes in adults with childhood-onset craniopharyngioma.
Pregnancy may favour the development of severe autoimmune central diabetes insipidus in women with vasopressin cell antibodies: description of two cases.
From cerebral salt wasting to diabetes insipidus with adipsia: case report of a child with craniopharyngioma.
[Germinoma responsible for central diabetes insipidus].
Relation between change in treatment for central diabetes insipidus and body weight loss.
Transient diabetes insipidus in a post-partum woman with pre-eclampsia associated with residual placental vasopressinase activity.
Nephrogenic diabetes insipidus secondary to syphilis infection.
Bendamustine-induced nephrogenic diabetes insipidus .
Transient diabetes insipidus in a preterm neonate and the challenge of desmopressin dosing.
Lymphocytic hypophysitis in a dog with diabetes insipidus.
Central Diabetes Insipidus as an Early Presentation of Erdheim-Chester Disease.
Acute diabetes insipidus in severe head injury: a prospective study.
[Genetic diagnosis for a pedigree affected with hereditary nephrogenic diabetes insipidus].
Evolutionary Influenced Interaction Pattern as Indicator for the Investigation of Natural Variants Causing Nephrogenic Diabetes Insipidus.
Neurosarcoidosis-associated central diabetes insipidus masked by adrenal insufficiency.
[Nursing care of a patient with bipolar disorder and lithium-induced nephrogenic diabetes insipidus].
Central diabetes insipidus associated with impaired renal aquaporin-1 expression in mice lacking liver X receptor β.
Epac1 null mice have nephrogenic diabetes insipidus with deficient cortico-papillary osmotic gradient and weaker collecting duct tight junctions.
Role of protein aggregation and degradation in autosomal dominant neurohypophyseal diabetes insipidus.
Cholesteatoma in the Sellar Region Presenting as Hypopituitarism and Diabetes Insipidus.
Intractable Polyuria Mimicking Diabetes Insipidus-Source Traced to Vecuronium Infusion.
Central Diabetes Insipidus Linked to Rathke's Cleft Cyst, Polyuria in a 17-year-old Girl.
Fanconi's syndrome and nephrogenic diabetes insipidus in an adult treated with ifosfamide.
[Diagnosis and treatment of adipsic diabetes insipidus accompanied with intracranial calcification].
[Analysis of AVPR2 gene mutation in a pedigree affected with congenital nephrogenic diabetes insipidus].
Combination of secretin and fluvastatin ameliorates the polyuria associated with X-linked nephrogenic diabetes insipidus in mice.
Acute myeloid leukaemia presenting with diabetes insipidus.
Renal physiology: ER-associated degradation in diabetes insipidus.
Signaling Modification by GPCR Heteromer and Its Implication on X-Linked Nephrogenic Diabetes Insipidus.
Identification of Potential Pharmacoperones Capable of Rescuing the Functionality of Misfolded Vasopressin 2 Receptor Involved in Nephrogenic Diabetes Insipidus.
Treatment of neurogenic diabetes insipidus.
Adherence to insulin therapy and associated factors among patients with diabetes mellitus in public hospitals of Central Zone of Tigray, Ethiopia, 2018: a cross-sectional study.
Central diabetes insipidus and hypothalamic hypothyroidism associated with aceruloplasminemia.
Diabetes insipidus and panhypopituitarism as a first presentation of silent adenocarcinoma of lung: a case report and literature review.
An unusual case of hereditary nephrogenic diabetes insipidus (HNDI) affecting mother and daughter.
Delayed Onset of Central Diabetes Insipidus With Ketamine Sedation: A Report of 2 Cases.
Metformin decreases the risk of sudden sensorineural hearing loss in patients with diabetes mellitus: A 14-year follow-up study.
DIABETES INSIPIDUS IN A PATIENT WITH BRONCHOGENIC CARCINOMA AND SECONDARIES TO THE HYPOTHALAMUS - CASE REPORT.
[Prescribing of Non-Steroidal Anti-Inflammatory Drugs to Patients with Diabetes Mellitus in Portugal].
Aortic stenosis and diabetes mellitus: An ominous combination.
Lichen planus and diabetes mellitus: Systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Systemic necrotizing vasculitis presenting as gangrene combined with diabetes insipidus: a case report].
Nephrogenic diabetes insipidus in a 15-year-old Hispanic female with a novel AQP2 mutation.
Head trauma as a possible cause of central diabetes insipidus in a cat.
Type III Bartter-like syndrome in an infant boy with Gitelman syndrome and autosomal dominant familial neurohypophyseal diabetes insipidus.
Surgical biopsies in patients with central diabetes insipidus and thickened pituitary stalks.
Central Diabetes Insipidus and Hyperglycemic Hyperosmolar State Following Accidental Carbon Monoxide Poisoning.
Congenital nephrogenic diabetes insipidus complicated with Hinman syndrome.
Daily Sodium Monitoring and Fluid Intake Protocol: Preventing Recurrent Hospitalization in Adipsic Diabetes Insipidus.
Diabetes insipidus and acute myeloid leukemia harboring monosomy 7: report of two cases and literature review.
Contiguous gene deletion in a Chinese family with X-linked nephrogenic diabetes insipidus: challenges in early diagnosis and implications for affected families.
A 42-Year-Old Male with Diabetes Insipidus.
[Diabetes insipidus: approaches to desmopressin substitution therapy].
A novel missense mutation in TFAP2B associated with Char syndrome and central diabetes insipidus.
Hydranencephaly complicated by central diabetes insipidus: report of two cases and systematic review of literature.
Cutting edge: neuronal recognition by CD8 T cells elicits central diabetes insipidus.
Molecular characterization of an aquaporin-2 mutation causing a severe form of nephrogenic diabetes insipidus.
Anti-PD-L1 Treatment Induced Central Diabetes Insipidus.
Polyuria and polydipsia in a young child: diagnostic considerations and identification of novel mutation causing familial neurohypophyseal diabetes insipidus.
Cerebral Malaria: An Unusual Cause of Central Diabetes Insipidus.
Central diabetes insipidus in the setting of acute myelogenous leukemia.
Novel AVPR2 mutation causing partial nephrogenic diabetes insipidus in a Japanese family.
Renal response to an oral protein load in patients with central diabetes insipidus before and after treatment with vasopressin.
[Prevalence and the relevant factors of type 2 diabetes mellitus among adults in Guizhou Province in 2010-2012].
New insights into the transcriptional regulation of aquaporin-2 and the treatment of X-linked hereditary nephrogenic diabetes insipidus.
Autophagic degradation of aquaporin-2 is an early event in hypokalemia-induced nephrogenic diabetes insipidus.
Endoplasmic reticulum stress induces apoptosis of arginine vasopressin neurons in central diabetes insipidus via PI3K/Akt pathway.
[Clinical characteristics of 7 patients with gestational diabetes insipidus].
Partial nephrogenic diabetes insipidus associated with Castleman's disease.
Transient Intraoperative Central Diabetes Insipidus in Moyamoya Patients Undergoing Revascularization Surgery: A Mere Coincidence?
[A Case of Microscopic Polyangiitis with Hypertrophic Pachymeningitis and Diabetes Insipidus].
Resolution of Diabetes Insipidus After Pyeloplasty: A Case Report and Review of the Literature.
Nephrotic syndrome complicated by idiopathic central diabetes insipidus.
A novel therapeutic effect of statins on nephrogenic diabetes insipidus.
LITHIUM-INDUCED NEPHROGENIC DIABETES INSIPIDUS RESPONSIVE TO DESMOPRESSIN.
Monogenic Forms of Diabetes Mellitus.
Reversible diabetes insipidus in a patient with multiple myeloma.
Improving pregnancy outcomes in women with diabetes mellitus: modern management.
Central diabetes insipidus as the presenting symptom of granulomatosis with polyangiitis.
Central diabetes insipidus in children and young adults: etiological diagnosis and long-term outcome of idiopathic cases.
Assessing a new hip index as a risk predictor for diabetes mellitus.
Diabetes insipidus is an unfavorable prognostic factor for response to glucocorticoids in patients with autoimmune hypophysitis.
Perceived family support among older persons in diabetes mellitus self-management.
Effects of Diabetes Mellitus and Admission Glucose in Patients Receiving Mechanical Thrombectomy: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.
A case of primary aldosteronism combined with acquired nephrogenic diabetes insipidus.
Genetic deletion of ADP-activated P2Y<sub>12</sub> receptor ameliorates lithium-induced nephrogenic diabetes insipidus in mice.
[Mental disorders and diabetes mellitus (Update 2019)].
Autosomal dominant familial neurohypophyseal diabetes insipidus caused by a mutation in the arginine-vasopressin II gene in four generations of a Korean family.
Clinical and molecular analysis of a Chinese family with autosomal dominant neurohypophyseal diabetes insipidus associated with a novel missense mutation in the vasopressin-neurophysin II gene.
Association between helminth infections and diabetes mellitus in adults from the Lao People's Democratic Republic: a cross-sectional study.
Transsphenoidal surgery and diabetes mellitus: An analysis of inpatient data and complications.
Partial Nephrogenic Diabetes Insipidus in a Burned Patient Receiving Sevoflurane Sedation With an Anesthetic Conserving Device-A Case Report.
[Diabetes Insipidus Centralis as First Symptom of an Infundibulohypophysitis].
Diabetes Insipidus as Initial Presentation of Rathke's Cleft Cyst.
Magnetic resonance imaging and symptoms in patients with neurosarcoidosis and central diabetes insipidus.
The Burden of Undiagnosed Diabetes Mellitus in Adult African Population: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Central Diabetes Insipidus Associated with Orbital Apex Syndrome.
Cerebral Sinovenous Thrombosis and Subdural Hematoma as Treatment-Related Complications in Suprasellar Germ Cell Tumor Associated with Adipsic Diabetes Insipidus.
Partial nephrogenic diabetes insipidus caused by a novel AQP2 variation impairing trafficking of the aquaporin-2 water channel.
Severe hydramnios and preterm delivery in association with transient maternal diabetes insipidus.
Diabetes insipidus: historical aspects.
Predictors of Postoperative Diabetes Insipidus Following Endoscopic Resection of Pituitary Adenomas.
SOCIETY FOR ENDOCRINOLOGY CLINICAL GUIDANCE: Inpatient management of cranial diabetes insipidus.
X-linked recessive nephrogenic diabetes insipidus: a clinico-genetic study.
Endoplasmic reticulum stress in vasopressin neurons of familial diabetes insipidus model mice: aggregate formation and mRNA poly(A) tail shortening.
Novel AQP2 mutation causing congenital nephrogenic diabetes insipidus: challenges in management during infancy.
The impact of diabetes mellitus on clinical outcomes following chemotherapy for the patients with pancreatic cancer: a meta-analysis.
Incidence, predictors and early post-operative course of diabetes insipidus in paediatric craniopharygioma: a comparison with adults.
Expression of a dominant negative PKA mutation in the kidney elicits a diabetes insipidus phenotype.
The multifaceted nature of diabetes mellitus induced by checkpoint inhibitors.
Diabetes mellitus and hyperglycemia control on the risk of colorectal adenomatous polyps: a retrospective cohort study.
Diabetes Mellitus and lower genital tract tears after vaginal birth: A cohort study.
Quantifying the hidden healthcare cost of diabetes mellitus in Australian hospital patients.
Nephrogenic diabetes insipidus partially responsive to oral desmopressin in a subject with lithium-induced multiple endocrinopathy.
[Case report: IgG4-related hypophysitis presenting with secondary adrenal insufficiency and central diabetes insipidus in a type 1 diabetes patient].
Rare neonatal diabetes insipidus and associated late risks: case report.
Improved outcome of patients with diabetes mellitus with good glycemic control in the cardiac intensive care unit: a retrospective study.
Serum high-density lipoprotein cholesterol is a protective predictor of executive function in older patients with diabetes mellitus.
Aliskiren increases aquaporin-2 expression and attenuates lithium-induced nephrogenic diabetes insipidus.
Hypertension and diabetes mellitus are not associated with worse renal functional outcome after partial nephrectomy in patients with normal baseline kidney function.
Dynamics of the incidence, prevalence and disability of diabetes mellitus in children aged 0 to 17 years in the poltava region over the period of 2008-2017.
Association of baseline level of physical activity and its temporal changes with incident hypertension and diabetes mellitus.
Water, Water Everywhere: A New Cause and a New Treatment for Nephrogenic Diabetes Insipidus.
Transient diabetes insipidus in pregnancy, diagnostic role of apelin and copeptin: A case report.
Diabetes insipidus associated with hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis: first case report.
Physiopathology and diagnosis of nephrogenic diabetes insipidus.
Real-world database investigating the association between diabetes mellitus and herpes zoster in Taiwan.
Diabetes Mellitus Associates with Increased Right Ventricular Afterload and Remodeling in Pulmonary Arterial Hypertension.
High-Intensity Cigarette Smoking Is Associated With Incident Diabetes Mellitus In Black Adults: The Jackson Heart Study.
Rathke cleft cyst in seven-year-old girl presenting with central diabetes insipidus and review of literature.
A novel SLC12A1 gene mutation associated with hyperparathyroidism, hypercalcemia, nephrogenic diabetes insipidus, and nephrocalcinosis in four patients.
Concerns about the safety of patients with diabetes insipidus admitted to hospital.
Risk of Mortality and Hospitalization After Post-Pancreatitis Diabetes Mellitus vs Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Population-Based Matched Cohort Study.
Radiological remission and recovery of thirst appreciation after infliximab therapy in adipsic diabetes insipidus secondary to neurosarcoidosis.
Transient nephrogenic diabetes insipidus caused by fetal exposure to haloperidol.
Diabetic Nephropathy Following Posttransplant Diabetes Mellitus.
Evaluation of current trends and recent development in insulin therapy for management of diabetes mellitus.
Transient Central Diabetes Insipidus after Discontinuation of Vasopressin.
Assessment of the Influence of Diabetes mellitus and Malnutrition on the Postoperative Complication Rate and Quality of Life of Patients in a Clinic Focused on Trauma Surgery.
Triphasic pattern of diabetes insipidus in a pregnant woman with a Rathke's cleft cyst and hypophysitis.
An open-label pilot study on preventing glucocorticoid-induced diabetes mellitus with linagliptin.
The association of diabetes mellitus treated with oral antidiabetic drugs and insulin with mortality after transcatheter valve implantation: a 3-year follow-up of the TAVIK registry.
Independent and interactive associations of heart rate and body mass index or blood pressure with type 2 diabetes mellitus incidence: A prospective cohort study.
Sevoflurane and nephrogenic diabetes insipidus on the rise: copeptin to the rescue?
Hypertension Control in Adults With Diabetes Mellitus and Recurrent Cardiovascular Events: Global Results From the Trial Evaluating Cardiovascular Outcomes With Sitagliptin.
[Diabetes insipidus in pregnancy--a case report].
Targeting renal purinergic signalling for the treatment of lithium-induced nephrogenic diabetes insipidus.
Management of diabetes mellitus and patients' attitude towards the disease: Data from a nationwide study in Greece.
Diabetes mellitus, blood glucose and the risk of heart failure: A systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Desmopressin administration in children with central diabetes insipidus: a retrospective review.
Factors Associated with Postoperative Diabetes Insipidus after Pituitary Surgery.
Effects of Blood Pressure Lowering on Clinical Outcomes According to Baseline Blood Pressure and Cardiovascular Risk in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Partial nephrogenic diabetes insipidus associated with lithium therapy.
Fasting in Ramadan of Muslim patients with diabetes Mellitus, and knowledge and practice in relation to diabetes control in Brunei.
Permanent central diabetes insipidus as a complication of sphenoid sinus mucocele.
Growth hormone deficiency and diabetes insipidus as a complication of endoscopic third ventriculostomy.
Hidradenitis suppurativa and diabetes mellitus: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of gamma-glutamyl transferase and alanine aminotransferase with type 2 diabetes mellitus incidence in middle-aged Japanese men: 12-year follow up.
Long-term outcome in inherited nephrogenic diabetes insipidus.
[Clinicopathological characteristics of type 2 diabetes mellitus complicated with colorectal cancer].
Diabetes Insipidus following Endoscopic Transsphenoidal Surgery for Pituitary Adenoma.
Identification of therapeutic effect of glucagon-like peptide 1 in the treatment of STZ-induced diabetes mellitus in rats by restoring the balance of intestinal flora.
[Study on the risk of hepatitis B-related cirrhosis combined with type 2 diabetes mellitus for the occurrence of primary hepatocellular carcinoma].
Polysaccharide peptide (PsP) G<i>anoderma lucidum</i>: a potential inducer for vascular repair in type 2 diabetes mellitus model.
Chromogranin A and its role in the pathogenesis of diabetes mellitus.
Undiagnosed Diabetes Mellitus and Associated Factors among Psychiatric Patients Receiving Antipsychotic Drugs at The University of Gondar Hospital, Northwest Ethiopia.
Early-onset central diabetes insipidus is associated with de novo arginine vasopressin-neurophysin II or Wolfram syndrome 1 gene mutations.
Clopidogrel utilization in patients with coronary artery disease and diabetes mellitus: should we determine CYP2C19*2 genotype?
Congenital nephrogenic diabetes insipidus in the Corpus Hippocraticum: The first description.
Early and Late Stent Thrombosis in Patients with Versus Without Diabetes Mellitus Following Percutaneous Coronary Intervention with Drug-Eluting Stents: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Diabetes mellitus and the risk of abdominal aortic aneurysm: A systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Effects of diabetes mellitus and systemic arterial hypertension on elderly patients' hearing.
A novel variation in the AVP gene resulting in familial neurohypophyseal diabetes insipidus in a large Italian kindred.
Cranial diabetes insipidus with pituitary stalk lesions.
Gestational diabetes mellitus in a multiethnic population in Spain: Incidence and factors associated to impaired glucose tolerance one year after delivery.
Increased erythrocyte- and platelet-derived microvesicles in newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Hypertensive urgency in nephrogenic diabetes insipidus with concomitant Hinman syndrome.
Truncating RAX Mutations: Anophthalmia, Hypopituitarism, Diabetes Insipidus, and Cleft Palate in Mice and Men.
Prevalence and Impact of Diabetes Mellitus on the Frozen Shoulder.
Serum carbohydrate antigen 125 levels and incident risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus in middle-aged and elderly Chinese population: The Dongfeng-Tongji cohort study.
Catastrophic health expenditure among type 2 diabetes mellitus patients: A province-wide study in Shandong, China.
Diabetes mellitus among patients attending TB clinics in Dar es Salaam: a descriptive cross-sectional study.
Nephrogenic diabetes insipidus associated with prolonged sedation with sevoflurane in the intensive care unit.
Risk Factor for Diabetes Mellitus and High Blood Glucose With HMG-CoA Reductase Inhibitors Using a Postmarketing Surveillance Database in Japan.
Gestational diabetes insipidus: a morphological study of the placenta.
The role of vitamin D in the pathogenesis and treatment of diabetes mellitus: a narrative review.
Association between insomnia and personality traits among Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
The longitudinal effect of subclinical hypothyroidism on urine microalbumin-to-urine creatinine ratio in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Diabetes Mellitus After Pediatric Kidney Transplant.
Exposure to Maternal Diabetes Mellitus Causes Renal Dopamine D<sub>1</sub> Receptor Dysfunction and Hypertension in Adult Rat Offspring.
Undiagnosed Diabetes Mellitus in Community-Acquired Pneumonia: A Prospective Cohort Study.
Diabetes mellitus induced by PD-1 and PD-L1 inhibitors: description of pancreatic endocrine and exocrine phenotype.
Ethnic predisposition of diabetes mellitus in the patients with previous history of gestational diabetes mellitus: a review.
The Proposal of Molecular Mechanisms of Weak Organic Acids Intake-Induced Improvement of Insulin Resistance in Diabetes Mellitus via Elevation of Interstitial Fluid pH.
Idiopathic central diabetes Insipidus.
Diabetes insipidus secondary to sarcoidosis presenting with caseating granuloma.
PI3Kinases in Diabetes Mellitus and Its Related Complications.
Ankle-brachial index and peripheral arterial disease: An evaluation including a type 2 diabetes mellitus drug-naïve patients cohort.
[Blood pressure targets in patients with diabetes mellitus : What are optimum values?]
Central diabetes insipidus in a cat with central nervous system B cell lymphoma.
Acute central hypothyroidism, diabetes insipidus and central hypogonadism in a 36-year-old woman.
Duration and complications of diabetes mellitus and the associated risk of infective endocarditis.
Inherited secondary nephrogenic diabetes insipidus: concentrating on humans.
A 4-year-old boy presenting with persistent urinary incontinence: Questions.
Poorly-Controlled Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus Impairs LH-LHCGR Signaling in the Ovaries and Decreases Female Fertility in Mice.
Interactive effects of apelin, renin-angiotensin system and nitric oxide in treatment of obesity-induced type 2 diabetes mellitus in male albino rats.
Evaluation of a human glycated hemoglobin test in canine diabetes mellitus.
Acute Stroke Patients with Newly Diagnosed Diabetes Mellitus Have Poorer Outcomes than Those with Previously Diagnosed Diabetes Mellitus.
Extracellular vesicles in obesity and diabetes mellitus.
Impact of Diabetes Mellitus on the Evaluation of Stable Chest Pain Patients: Insights From the PROMISE (Prospective Multicenter Imaging Study for Evaluation of Chest Pain) Trial.
Hypothalamic type of hypopituitarism and central diabetes insipidus probably linked to Rathke's cleft cyst.
Sildenafil for the Treatment of Congenital  Nephrogenic Diabetes Insipidus.
Use of Chlorothiazide in the Management of Central Diabetes Insipidus in Early Infancy.
Analysis of Diabetes Mellitus Determinants in Indonesia: A Study from the Indonesian Basic Health Research 2013.
Acute exacerbation of chronic osteomyelitis triggered by aggravation of type 2 diabetes mellitus: a case report.
Heart Failure in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Linagliptin Effects on Heart Failure and Related Outcomes in Individuals With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus at High Cardiovascular and Renal Risk in CARMELINA.
Guidelines and clinical practice at the primary level of healthcare in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus with and without kidney disease in five European countries.
Effect of CAPE-pNO<sub>2</sub> against type 2 diabetes mellitus via the AMPK/GLUT4/ GSK3β/PPARα pathway in HFD/STZ-induced diabetic mice.
Diabetes Mellitus and Cardiovascular Disease.
Low fasting plasma glucose level as a predictor of new-onset diabetes mellitus on a large cohort from a Japanese general population.
Genotrophic effect of neurotrophins - Restart of β-cell regeneration in diabetes mellitus.
Diabetes Insipidus: An Unusual Presentation of Adenocarcinoma of the Lung in a Patient with no Identifiable Lung Mass.
Pretransplant HbA1c and Glucose Metabolism Parameters in Predicting Posttransplant Diabetes Mellitus and Their Course in the First 6 Months After Living-Donor Renal Transplant.
Pituitary metastasis from breast cancer presenting as diabetes insipidus.
Wolfram Syndrome presenting with optic atrophy and diabetes mellitus: two case reports.
Diabetes insipidus and cognitive function.
MicroRNA-125b-5p improves pancreatic β-cell function through inhibiting JNK signaling pathway by targeting DACT1 in mice with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Vasopressin-independent targeting of aquaporin-2 by selective E-prostanoid receptor agonists alleviates nephrogenic diabetes insipidus.
Diabetes insipidus following resection of pituitary tumors.
Frequent occurrence of the triphasic response (diabetes insipidus/hyponatremia/diabetes insipidus) after surgery for craniopharyngioma in childhood.
Aptamers: novel diagnostic and therapeutic tools for diabetes mellitus and metabolic diseases.
Monostotic Langerhans' cell histiocytosis in a child with central diabetes insipidus.
Acetazolamide in Lithium-Induced Nephrogenic Diabetes Insipidus.
Insulin-like growth factor-1 is inversely associated with liver fibrotic markers in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Ameliorative Effect and Mechanism of the Purified Anthraquinone-Glycoside Preparation from <i>Rheum Palmatum</i> L. on Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
A case control study on HDL associated PON1 enzyme level in Northern Indian type 2 diabetes mellitus patients.
Molecular property diagnostic suite for diabetes mellitus (MPDS<sup>DM</sup>): An integrated web portal for drug discovery and drug repurposing.
Diabetes mellitus and abdominal aortic aneurysms: A review of the mechanisms underlying the negative relationship.
Clinical and genetic characteristics of abnormal glucose tolerance in Japanese women in the first year after gestational diabetes mellitus.
Adipsia in a Diabetes Insipidus Patient.
Reversal of LCH-related diabetes insipidus and reappearance of posterior pituitary bright spot with low-dose chemotherapy.
[Direct service costs of diabetes mellitus hospitalisations in the Mexican Institute of Social Security].
[Postoperative diabetes insipidus after transsphenoidal resection of pituitary tumor].
[The features of pathogenesis of urolithiasis in patients with diabetes mellitus type 2].
Burden of Uncontrolled Metabolic Risk Factors and Left Ventricular Structure and Function in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Methylglyoxal - An emerging biomarker for diabetes mellitus diagnosis and its detection methods.
Late recovery of cranial diabetes insipidus following pituitary surgery.
Age at menarche and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus: a population-based study in Xiamen, China.
Poor toe flexor strength, but not handgrip strength, is associated with the prevalence of diabetes mellitus in middle-aged males.
[Diabetes insipidus in a Swiss Braunvieh heifer with internal hydrocephalus].
Refractory diabetes insipidus following drainage of chronic subdural haematoma.
Nut Consumption in Relation to Cardiovascular Disease Incidence and Mortality Among Patients With Diabetes Mellitus.
Risk of insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in patients undergoing carotid endarterectomy.
Inflammatory Myofibroblastic Tumor Presenting with Diabetes Insipidus in an Eight-Year-Old Boy: A Case Report.
[Diabetes insipidus with a triphasic pattern: a rare complication of pituitary surgery in children].
Identification of five novel arginine vasopressin gene mutations in patients with familial neurohypophyseal diabetes insipidus.
Prevalence of diabetes mellitus among tuberculosis patients in Sub-Saharan Africa: a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
Genetic mutations associated with neonatal diabetes mellitus in Omani patients.
Diabetes mellitus and Parkinson disease.
Sodium valproate correcting hypernatremia of diabetes insipidus-a fortunate incident.
Trametinib Toxicities in Patients With Low-grade Gliomas and Diabetes Insipidus: Related Findings?
The role of diabetes mellitus and BMI in the surgical treatment of ankle fractures.
Novel <i>de novo AVPR2</i> Variant in a Patient with Congenital Nephrogenic Diabetes Insipidus.
Type 2 diabetes mellitus and neighborhood deprivation index: A spatial analysis in Zhejiang, China.
Renin-Angiotensin-Aldosterone System, Glucose Metabolism and Incident Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: MESA.
Prevalence of Foot Complications in People With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Community-Based Survey in Rural Udupi.
Micro-ribonucleic acid-binding site variants of type 2 diabetes candidate loci predispose to gestational diabetes mellitus in Chinese Han women.
Prevalence and associated factors of ischemic heart disease (IHD) among patients with diabetes mellitus: a nation-wide, cross-sectional survey.
[The risk of hepatitis B virus infection in people with diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis].
Central Diabetes Insipidus presenting with manic symptoms.
Congenital nephrogenic diabetes insipidus: the current state of affairs.
A case of acute fatty liver of pregnancy complicated with diabetes insipidus.
ATP-binding cassette sub-family a member1 gene mutation improves lipid metabolic abnormalities in diabetes mellitus.
Inverse Association Between HDL (High-Density Lipoprotein) Cholesterol and Stroke Risk Among Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Primary CNS lymphoma with bilateral symmetric hypothalamic lesions presenting with panhypopituitarism and diabetes insipidus.
Prognosis of Intracerebral Hemorrhage with Newly Diagnosed Diabetes Mellitus According to Hemoglobin A1c Criteria.
Pesticide exposure and diabetes mellitus in a semi-urban Nepali population: a cross-sectional study.
Plasma tyrosine and its interaction with low high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and the risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus in Chinese.
Management of central diabetes insipidus with oral desmopressin lyophilisate in infants.
Predictors of loss to follow up among patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus attending a private not for profit urban diabetes clinic in Uganda - a descriptive retrospective study.
Contrast-induced acute kidney injury in diabetes mellitus: Clinical relevance and predisposing factors. Could statins be of benefit?
Frequency Of Diabetes Mellitus In Patients With Acute Kidney Injury Undergoing Coronary Artery Bypass Grafting.
The AQP2 mutation V71M causes nephrogenic diabetes insipidus in humans but does not impair the function of a bacterial homolog.
Diabetes mellitus, blood glucose and the risk of atrial fibrillation: A systematic review and meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Is a hilly neighborhood environment associated with diabetes mellitus among older people? Results from the JAGES 2010 study.
Body-mass index and the risk of albuminuria in hypertensive patients with a poor estimated glomerular filtration rate and the potential role of diabetes mellitus.
Low intakes of carotene, vitamin B<sub>2</sub> , pantothenate and calcium predict cognitive decline among elderly patients with diabetes mellitus: The Japanese Elderly Diabetes Intervention Trial.
Recovered insulin production after thiamine administration in permanent neonatal diabetes mellitus with a novel solute carrier family 19 member 2 (SLC19A2) mutation.
Race-Sex Differences in Statin Use and Low-Density Lipoprotein Cholesterol Control Among People With Diabetes Mellitus in the Reasons for Geographic and Racial Differences in Stroke Study.
ERα and/or ERβ activation ameliorates cognitive impairment, neurogenesis and apoptosis in type 2 diabetes mellitus mice.
[Analysis of dietary pattern and diabetes mellitus influencing factors identified by classification tree model in adults of Fujian].
Objectively Measured Sedentary Time and Cardiovascular Risk Factor Control in US Hispanics/Latinos With Diabetes Mellitus: Results From the Hispanic Community Health Study/Study of Latinos (HCHS/SOL).
[Central diabetes insipidus: diagnosis and management].
Peculiarities of diagnostics of depressions and clinical manifestations in patients with obesity and concomitant type 2 diabetes mellitus.
'Learning to shape life' - a qualitative study on the challenges posed by a diagnosis of diabetes mellitus type 2.
Diabetes mellitus and periodontitis: Inflammatory response in orthodontic tooth movement.
Activation and Inhibition of Sodium-Hydrogen Exchanger Is a Mechanism That Links the Pathophysiology and Treatment of Diabetes Mellitus With That of Heart Failure.
Prenatal presentation of transient central diabetes insipidus.
Does diabetes mellitus comorbidity affect in-hospital mortality and length of stay? Analysis of administrative data in an Italian Academic Hospital.
Gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with adverse outcomes in twin pregnancies.
Diverging effects of diabetes mellitus in patients with peripheral artery disease and abdominal aortic aneurysm and the role of advanced glycation end-products: ARTERY study - protocol for a multicentre cross-sectional study.
Remission of diabetes mellitus after ovariohysterectomy in a guinea pig with ovarian cysts.
Exome sequencing finds a novel PCSK1 mutation in a child with generalized malabsorptive diarrhea and diabetes insipidus.
A 9 years comparison of weight loss, disappearance of obesity, and resolution of diabetes mellitus with biliointestinal bypass and with adjustable gastric banding: experience of a collaborative network.
Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus Diagnosed during Follow-up of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus in the Early Postpartum Period.
Incidence of Hospitalization for Heart Failure and Case-Fatality Among 3.25 Million People With and Without Diabetes Mellitus.
Use of Intensive Glycemic Management in Older Adults with Diabetes Mellitus.
Efficacy in type 2 diabetes mellitus remission in patients undergoing bariatric surgery.
A case of central diabetes insipidus following probable type A/H1N1 influenza infection.
An extensive analysis of various texture feature extractors to detect Diabetes Mellitus using facial specific regions.
[Central diabetes insipidus in adult patients--the first sign of Langerhans cell histiocytosis and Erdheim-Chester disease. Three case studies and literature review].
Absence of PKC-alpha attenuates lithium-induced nephrogenic diabetes insipidus.
[Central diabetes insipidus: diagnostic difficulties].
Transient postpartum diabetes insipidus associated with HELLP syndrome.
Arginine vasopressin neuronal loss results from autophagy-associated cell death in a mouse model for familial neurohypophysial diabetes insipidus.
Relationship Between Plasma 8-OH-Deoxyguanosine and Cardiovascular Disease and Survival in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: Results From the ADVANCE Trial.
Cost-of-illness of type 2 diabetes mellitus in low and lower-middle income countries: a systematic review.
Diabetes insipidus: clinical and basic aspects.
Diabetes mellitus after kidney transplantation in Japanese patients: The Japan Academic Consortium of Kidney Transplantation study.
Diabetes insipidus contributes to traumatic brain injury pathology via CD36 neuroinflammation.
Elevated circulating effector memory T cells but similar levels of regulatory T cells in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease.
Risk factor, early diagnosis and overall survival on outcome of association between pancreatic cancer and diabetes mellitus: Changes and advances, a review.
Effects of Liraglutide Versus Placebo on Cardiovascular Events in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Chronic Kidney Disease.
Direct Health-Care Costs and Productivity Costs Associated With Hypoglycemia in Adults With Type 1 and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus That Participated in the Canadian Hypoglycemia Assessment Tool Program.
Follow-up of gestational diabetes insipidus using magnetic resonance imaging.
Complement c1q tumor necrosis factor-related protein 3 a novel adipokine, protect against diabetes mellitus in young adult Egyptians.
Increased serum level and impaired response to glucose fluctuation of asprosin is associated with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
The association between sleep efficiency and diabetes mellitus in community-dwelling individuals with or without sleep-disordered breathing.
Combined central diabetes insipidus and cerebral salt wasting syndrome in children.
X-Linked Recessive form of Nephrogenic Diabetes Insipidus in a 7-Year-Old Boy.
National Surveillance of Central Diabetes Insipidus (CDI) in Denmark: results from 5 years registration of 9309 prescriptions of desmopressin to 1285 CDI patients.
Does the active use of nutrition labeling reduce the risk of diabetes mellitus? Results of insulin resistance using Korean National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey.
The relationship between health related quality of life and sensory deficits among patients with diabetes mellitus.
The incidence rate of diabetes mellitus (type II) and its related risk factors: A 10-year longitudinal study of Yazd Healthy Heart Cohort (YHHC), Iran.
Periodontal abscess as a possible oral clinical sign in the diagnosis of undiagnosed diabetes mellitus of elderly in a dental clinic set up - a 7-year cross-sectional study.
Average Clinician-Measured Blood Pressures and Cardiovascular Outcomes in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Ischemic Heart Disease in the EXAMINE Trial.
Correlation between Diabetes Mellitus and Knee Osteoarthritis: A Dry-To-Wet Lab Approach.
Tangganjian decoction ameliorates type 2 diabetes mellitus and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in rats by activating the IRS/PI3K/AKT signaling pathway.
Effects of Royal jelly on metabolic variables in diabetes mellitus: A systematic review.
Diabetes mellitus is an independent risk factor for atrial fibrillation in a general Chinese population.
Diabetes mellitus and the risk of sudden cardiac death: A systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Peripheral pain is enhanced by insulin-like growth factor 1 and its receptors in a mouse model of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Lymphocytic hypophysitis with diabetes insipidus in a young man.
Autoimmune thyroiditis in patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus: A long-term follow-up study.
Evidence in support of the International Association of Diabetes in Pregnancy study groups' criteria for diagnosing gestational diabetes mellitus worldwide in 2019.
The Impacts of Gastroileostomy Rat Model on Glucagon-like Peptide-1: a Promising Model to Control Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Severe toxicity of chemotherapy against advanced soft tissue sarcoma in Werner's syndrome: Ifosfamide-induced encephalopathy with central diabetes insipidus.
Incidence of type 1 diabetes mellitus in Navarre stabilized in the last eight years.
Chronic unpredictable environmental stress impair biochemical and physiological homeostasis: Role in diabetes mellitus.
Leptin - A new marker for development of post-transplant diabetes mellitus?
Increased Incidence in False Positive Diagnosis of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus with 75gm Oral Glucose Tolerance Test: A Clinical Study in Chinese Women.
The role of diabetes mellitus on the thrombus composition in patients with acute ischemic stroke.
The prevalence of impaired fasting glucose and undiagnosed diabetes mellitus and associated risk factors among adults living in a rural Koladiba town, northwest Ethiopia.
Buccally Administered Intranasal Desmopressin Acetate for the Treatment of Neurogenic Diabetes Insipidus in Infancy.
Neonatal Diabetes Mellitus: An Update on Diagnosis and Management.
Diabetes insipidus as a complication after pituitary surgery.
A large deletion of the AVPR2 gene causing severe nephrogenic diabetes insipidus in a Turkish family.
Prevalence, awareness, treatment and control of diabetes mellitus among middle-aged and elderly people in a rural Chinese population: A cross-sectional study.
Association of preadmission metformin use and mortality in patients with sepsis and diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Adipsia increases risk of death in patients with central diabetes insipidus.
Effects of different foods on blood glucose and lipid in type 2 diabetes mellitus in a rat model.
Subclinical diabetes insipidus.
Altered agonist sensitivity of a mutant v2 receptor suggests a novel therapeutic strategy for nephrogenic diabetes insipidus.
Effectiveness of individual strategies for the empowerment of patients with diabetes mellitus: A systematic review with meta-analysis.
Control of glycemia and blood pressure in British adults with diabetes mellitus and subsequent therapy choices: a comparison across health states.
Association of glucagon-to-insulin ratio and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Successful treatment of young infants presenting neonatal diabetes mellitus with continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion before genetic diagnosis.
The association between paraoxonase 1 activity and the susceptibilities of diabetes mellitus, diabetic macroangiopathy and diabetic microangiopathy.
Evaluation of the lamina cribrosa in patients with diabetes mellitus using enhanced depth imaging spectral-domain optical coherence tomography.
Clinical and metabolic outcomes in pregnant women at risk for gestational diabetes mellitus supplemented with myo-inositol: a secondary analysis from 3 RCTs.
The protean role of haptoglobin and haptoglobin genotypes on vascular complications in diabetes mellitus.
A Case Report of Diabetes Insipidus After Renal Transplant.
Heat Maps of Hypertension, Diabetes Mellitus, and Smoking in the Continental United States.
Postoperative diabetes insipidus associated with pituitary apoplexy during pregnancy.
Increasing prevalence of diabetes mellitus in a developing country and its related factors.
Association between cigarette smoking and diabetes mellitus using two different smoking stratifications in 145 040 Korean individuals: Self-reported questionnaire and urine cotinine concentrations.
Hypertension and Diabetes Mellitus: Coprediction and Time Trajectories.
A case of central diabetes insipidus associated with cardiac dysfunction.
Effects of Intensive Systolic Blood Pressure Lowering on Cardiovascular Events and Mortality in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus on Standard Glycemic Control and in Those Without Diabetes Mellitus: Reconciling Results From ACCORD BP and SPRINT.
Prevalence and treatment of diabetes mellitus and hypertension among older adults with intellectual disability in comparison with the general population.
Partial central diabetes insipidus in patient with common variable immunodeficiency.
Diabetes mellitus may affect short-term outcome of Guillain-Barré syndrome.
Genitourinary Complications of Diabetes Mellitus: An Overview of Pathogenesis, Evaluation, and Management.
The effects of diabetes mellitus on patients' oral health.
Nephrogenic diabetes insipidus in a 14-year-old gelding.
Software-guided insulin dosing improves intrapartum glycemic management in women with diabetes mellitus.
Assessment of bone quality in patients with diabetes mellitus.
Duration of type 2 diabetes mellitus and systolic blood pressure as determinants of severity of coronary stenosis and adverse events in an asymptomatic diabetic population: PROCEED study.
[Case of mixed connective tissue disease complicated with sarcoidosis and central diabetes insipidus].
Postnatal gestational diabetes mellitus follow-up: Perspectives of Australian hospital clinicians and general practitioners.
Oral Health in Children with Obesity or Diabetes Mellitus.
Diabetes mellitus and risk of low-energy fracture: a meta-analysis.
Pharmacodynamics of Metformin in Pregnant Women With Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Nonpregnant Women With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Platelet aggregation is not altered among men with diabetes mellitus.
Enhancing Health Surveillance: Validation of a Novel Electronic Medical Records-Based Definition of Cases of Pediatric Type 1 and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Central diabetes insipidus is not a common and prognostically worse type of hypernatremia in neurointensive care.
Idiopathic Fanconi's syndrome with nephrogenic diabetes insipidus in a child who presented as vitamin D resistant rickets--a case report and review of literature.
Sheehan syndrome presenting as central diabetes insipidus: a rare presentation of an uncommon disorder.
Prevalence and characteristics of celiac disease in South African patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus: Results from the Durban Diabetes and Celiac Disease Study.
A Mechanistic Review on Medicinal Plants Used for Diabetes Mellitus in Traditional Persian Medicine.
Epidemiology of Diabetes Mellitus in the United Arab Emirates.
Diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular risk: Update of the recommendations of the Diabetes and Cardiovascular Disease working group of the Spanish Diabetes Society (SED, 2018).
Urotensin-II gene rs228648 polymorphism associated with the risk of diabetes mellitus.
Intraocular pressure measurements in diabetes mellitus.
Low serum osteocalcin concentration is associated with incident type 2 diabetes mellitus in Japanese women.
Fulminant type 1 diabetes mellitus in Japanese children and adolescents: multi-institutional joint research of the Japanese Study Group of Insulin Therapy for Childhood and Adolescent Diabetes.
Influence of socioeconomic and psychological factors in glycemic control in young children with type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Obesity and diabetes mellitus association in rural community of Katana, South Kivu, in Eastern Democratic Republic of Congo: Bukavu Observ Cohort Study Results.
Knowledge and Awareness of Oral Manifestations of Diabetes Mellitus and Oral Health Assessment among Diabetes Mellitus Patients- A Cross Sectional Study.
Comparative efficacy and safety of the duodenal-jejunal bypass liner in obese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A case control study.
Evaluation of the oxidative stress-related genes ALOX5, ALOX5AP, GPX1, GPX3 and MPO for contribution to the risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus in the Han Chinese population.
Micro-RNA-126 Reduces the Blood Thrombogenicity in Diabetes Mellitus via Targeting of Tissue Factor.
Identification of risk factors of diabetes mellitus in bank employees of selected banks in Ndola town.
Elevated serum cytokeratin-18 concentration in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.
Endothelial Function Assessed by Digital Volume Plethysmography Predicts the Development and Progression of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Copeptin and insulin-like growth factor binding protein-1 during follow-up after an acute myocardial infarction in patients with type 2 diabetes: A report from the Diabetes Mellitus Insulin-Glucose Infusion in Acute Myocardial Infarction 2 cohort.
Effects of Functional Disability and Depressive Symptoms on Mortality in Older Mexican-American Adults with Diabetes Mellitus.
Diabetes mellitus and risk of falls in older adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Socio-environmental factors associated with diabetes mellitus among patients hospitalized with schizophrenia in Japan.
Acute fatty liver of pregnancy with hypoglycaemia, diabetes insipidus and pancreatitis, preceded by intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy.
Cooperative mechanisms of acute antidiuretic response to bendroflumethiazide in rats with lithium-induced nephrogenic diabetes insipidus.
[Clinical case of the month. Renovascular arterial hypertension complicated by diabetes insipidus: report of a case and review of the literature].
Teaching neuroimages: ataxia and diabetes insipidus.
Metastatic Burkitt's lymphoma presenting as diabetes insipidus.
Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: Post-partum Risk and Follow Up.
Thyroid Dysfunction and Diabetes Mellitus: Two Closely Associated Disorders.
Population-based cohort study investigating the correlation of diabetes mellitus with pleural empyema in adults in Taiwan.
The α-cell in diabetes mellitus.
Pulmonary Langerhans Cell Histiocytosis and Diabetes Insipidus in a Young Smoker.
Coexistence of autoimmune polyglandular syndrome type 2 and diabetes insipidus in pregnancy.
[Post-transplantation diabetes mellitus in kidney recipients].
Highlighting Diabetes Mellitus: The Epidemic Continues.
Activity of xanthine oxidase in plasma correlates with indices of insulin resistance and liver dysfunction in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus and metabolic syndrome: A pilot exploratory study.
Central diabetes insipidus revealing neuromeningeal localization of chronic myelomonocytic leukaemia.
Challenges in management of patients with intracranial germ cell tumor and diabetes insipidus treated with cisplatin and/or ifosfamide based chemotherapy.
Oropharyngeal Dysphagia and Diabetes Mellitus: Screening of 200 Type 1 and Type 2 Patients in Cairo, Egypt.
Relative Prognostic Importance and Optimal Levels of Risk Factors for Mortality and Cardiovascular Outcomes in Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus.
Glycemic Control, Cardiac Autoimmunity, and Long-Term Risk of Cardiovascular Disease in Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus.
Poor sleep quality and its predictors among type 2 diabetes mellitus patients attending Jimma University Medical Center, Jimma, Ethiopia.
Diabetes Mellitus and Hyperglycemia and the Risk of Aseptic Loosening in Total Joint Arthroplasty.
25-Hydroxyvitamin D<sub>3</sub> -enhanced PTPN2 positively regulates periodontal inflammation through the JAK/STAT pathway in human oral keratinocytes and a mouse model of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Molecular and clinical features of K<sub>ATP</sub> -channel neonatal diabetes mellitus in Japan.
Association of Diabetes Mellitus on Cardiac Remodeling, Quality of Life, and Clinical Outcomes in Heart Failure With Reduced and Preserved Ejection Fraction.
[Visual impairment in juvenile diabetes mellitus due to optic atrophy: Wolfram's syndrome].
Decreased expression of GLUT4 in male CG-IUGR rats may play a vital role in their increased susceptibility to diabetes mellitus in adulthood.
Permanent neonatal diabetes mellitus and neurological abnormalities due to a novel homozygous missense mutation in NEUROD1.
Assessment of Diabetes Knowledge Among Renal Transplant Recipients With Posttransplant Diabetes Mellitus: Kuwait Experience.
Diagnostic accuracy of the anti-glutamic acid decarboxylase antibody in type 1 diabetes mellitus: Comparison between radioimmunoassay and enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay.
The Role of Oxidative Stress and Hypoxia in Pancreatic Beta-Cell Dysfunction in Diabetes Mellitus.
Benefits of flu vaccination for persons with diabetes mellitus: A review.
Nephrogenic diabetes insipidus: treat with caution.
Tendinopathy in diabetes mellitus patients-Epidemiology, pathogenesis, and management.
Guidelines for the nursing management of gestational diabetes mellitus: An integrative literature review.
Targeting Gut Microbiota for the Prevention and Management of Diabetes Mellitus by Dietary Natural Products.
Physical activity pattern in early pregnancy and gestational diabetes mellitus risk among low-income women: A prospective cross-sectional study.
Association of Diabetes Mellitus With Health Status Outcomes in Young Women and Men After Acute Myocardial Infarction: Results From the VIRGO Study.
Uric acid and risk of new-onset metabolic syndrome, impaired fasting glucose and diabetes mellitus in a general Italian population: data from the Pressioni Arteriose Monitorate E Loro Associazioni study.
Diabetes insipidus.
Diabetic ketoacidosis in a patient with acromegaly and central diabetes insipidus treated with octreotide long-acting release.
A Case of Nephrogenic Diabetes Insipidus During Transsphenoidal Pituitary Adenomectomy.
Skewed X-chromosome inactivation causing diagnostic misinterpretation in congenital nephrogenic diabetes insipidus.
Vitamin D status and oxidative stress in diabetes mellitus.
Role of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-gamma activation on visfatin, advanced glycation end products, and renal oxidative stress in obesity-induced type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Diabetes mellitus in HIV-infected patients: fasting glucose, A1c, or oral glucose tolerance test - which method to choose for the diagnosis?
Natural history of idiopathic diabetes insipidus.
Sapropterin Treatment Prevents Congenital Heart Defects Induced by Pregestational Diabetes Mellitus in Mice.
Objectively measured sedentary time and diabetes mellitus in a general Japanese population: The Hisayama Study.
Type 1 and 2 diabetes mellitus: A review on current treatment approach and gene therapy as potential intervention.
Glycated hemoglobin correlates with arterial stiffness and endothelial dysfunction in patients with resistant hypertension and uncontrolled diabetes mellitus.
Blood pressure indices and cardiovascular disease mortality in persons with or without diabetes mellitus.
Early visual field changes in patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Heart Failure: A Scientific Statement From the American Heart Association and the Heart Failure Society of America: This statement does not represent an update of the 2017 ACC/AHA/HFSA heart failure guideline update.
Relationship of Obesity to Adverse Events Among Patients With Mean 10-Year History of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: Results of the ACCORD Study.
Elevated serum ferritin concentration is associated with incident type 2 diabetes mellitus in a Chinese population: A prospective cohort study.
Demyelination syndrome due to rapid correction of desmopressin-associated hyponatremia in a known case of central diabetes insipidus: a case report.
Effect of metformin in the prognosis of patients with smallcell lung cancer combined with diabetes mellitus.
Very low-density lipoprotein cholesterol is associated with extent and severity of coronary artery disease in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Polypharmacy in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: Insights from an Internal Medicine Department.
Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Heart Failure, A Scientific Statement From the American Heart Association and Heart Failure Society of America.
The association between psoriasis and diabetes mellitus: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Implications of American College of Cardiology/American Heart Association (ACC/AHA) Cholesterol Guidelines on Statin Underutilization for Prevention of Cardiovascular Disease in Diabetes Mellitus Among Several US Networks of Community Health Centers.
Central neurogenic diabetes insipidus, syndrome of inappropriate secretion of antidiuretic hormone, and cerebral salt-wasting syndrome in traumatic brain injury.
Comparison of glycemic control and variability in patients with type 2 and posttransplantation diabetes mellitus.
Cardiac Autonomic Neuropathy in Diabetes Mellitus.
ORO-DENTAL ASPECTS IN A PEDIATRIC CASE WITH TYPE 1 FAMILY NEUROFIBROMATOSIS WITH NEPHROGENIC DIABETES INSIPIDUS.
Sulfonylurea vs insulin therapy in individuals with sulfonylurea-sensitive permanent neonatal diabetes mellitus, attributable to a KCNJ11 mutation, and poor glycaemic control.
Higher blood urea nitrogen is associated with increased risk of incident diabetes mellitus.
Dysfunctional HDL in diabetes mellitus and its role in the pathogenesis of cardiovascular disease.
Association Between Low Serum Magnesium Level And Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus In Abbottabad.
Multimorbidity is associated with increased rates of depression in patients hospitalized with diabetes mellitus in the United States.
Biomarkers of stress-mediated metabolic deregulation in diabetes mellitus.
Managing adipsic diabetes insipidus following anterior communicating artery aneurysm in a subtropical climate.
[Advances in epidemiological studies regarding related psychosocial risk factors on the incidence of diabetes mellitus].
An overview on biological functions and emerging therapeutic roles of apelin in diabetes mellitus.
Diabetes Mellitus and Outcomes of Cardiac Resynchronization With Implantable Cardioverter-Defibrillator Therapy in Older Patients With Heart Failure.
Relationship between fasting glucose levels and in-hospital mortality in Chinese patients with acute myocardial infarction and diabetes mellitus: a retrospective cohort study.
Dobutamine stress myocardial perfusion imaging: 8-year outcomes in patients with diabetes mellitus.
Darapladib inhibits atherosclerosis development in type 2 diabetes mellitus Sprague-Dawley rat model.
Stage-Based Management of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus with Heart Failure.
Association between Probiotic Yogurt Intake and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Case-Control Study.
Parenteral vitamin D supplementation is superior to oral in vitamin D insufficient patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Successful off-label sulfonylurea treatment of neonatal diabetes mellitus due to chromosome 6 abnormalities.
Prevalence and correlates of diabetes mellitus in Uganda: a population-based national survey.
Diabetes mellitus in patients with pulmonary tuberculosis in an aging population in Shanghai, China: Prevalence, clinical characteristics and outcomes.
Prevalence of hypoglycemia among a sample of sulfonylurea-treated patients with Type 2 diabetes mellitus in Argentina: The real-life effectiveness and care patterns of diabetes management (RECAP-DM) study.
[Bilateral progressive optic atrophy and without diabetic retinopathy in a young diabetic patient. Wolfram syndrome: diabetes insipidus, diabetes mellitus, optic atrophy and deafness (DIDMOAD)].
Open heart surgery in a patient with diabetes insipidus.
The association of gout with an increased risk of hypertension and diabetes mellitus among stroke survivors in New Zealand: A cross-sectional study using routinely collected electronic health data.
[Comorbidity schizophrenia and diabetes mellitus in Algeria - A study of risk factors].
The Role of Iron and Nerve Inflammation in Diabetes Mellitus Type 2-Induced Peripheral Neuropathy.
Medical costs associated with chronic kidney disease progression in an Asian population with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Postprandial glucose-lowering effect of premeal consumption of protein-enriched, dietary fiber-fortified bar in individuals with type 2 diabetes mellitus or normal glucose tolerance.
Sentinel visits in emergency department patients with diabetes mellitus as a warning sign for hyperglycemic emergencies.
Central diabetes insipidus in newborns: unique challenges in management.
Blood Pressure Control and the Association With Diabetes Mellitus Incidence: Results From SPRINT Randomized Trial.
The two isoforms of matrix metalloproteinase- 2 have distinct renal spatial and temporal distributions in murine models of types 1 and 2 diabetes mellitus.
Advances in the Generation of Functional β-cells from Induced Pluripotent Stem Cells As a Cure for Diabetes Mellitus.
Adult multisystem langerhans cell histiocytosis presenting with central diabetes insipidus successfully treated with chemotherapy.
[Diabetes mellitus-Definition, classification, diagnosis, screening and prevention (Update 2019)].
Neonatal outcomes and its association among gestational diabetes mellitus with and without depression, anxiety and stress symptoms in Malaysia: A cross-sectional study.
Rationale, design and baseline characteristics of the effect of ticagrelor on health outcomes in diabetes mellitus patients Intervention study.
The impact of autoimmune thyroiditis on skin microcirculation in children with non-complicated type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Prevalence of Eligibility Criteria for the Systolic Blood Pressure Intervention Trial in US Adults Among Excluded Groups: Age <50 Years, Diabetes Mellitus, or a History of Stroke.
Relationship between self-efficacy, self-care behaviour and glycaemic control among patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus in the Malaysian primary care setting.
Hand dysfunction in type 2 diabetes mellitus: Systematic review with meta-analysis.
Akt2 (Protein Kinase B Beta) Stabilizes ATP7A, a Copper Transporter for Extracellular Superoxide Dismutase, in Vascular Smooth Muscle: Novel Mechanism to Limit Endothelial Dysfunction in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
SOS1 gene polymorphisms are associated with gestational diabetes mellitus in a Chinese population: Results from a nested case-control study in Taiyuan, China.
The association between birth weight and the risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Knowledge and practice of patients with diabetes mellitus in Lebanon: a cross-sectional study.
Inequalities in the prevalence of diabetes mellitus and its risk factors in Sri Lanka: a lower middle income country.
Adherence to Guidelines for Screening and Medication Use: Mortality and Onset of Major Macrovascular Complications in Elderly Persons With Diabetes Mellitus.
MicroRNA-30d preserves pancreatic islet β-cell function through negative regulation of the JNK signaling pathway via SOCS3 in mice with streptozotocin-induced diabetes mellitus.
Hyperglycemia-Driven Neuroinflammation Compromises BBB Leading to Memory Loss in Both Diabetes Mellitus (DM) Type 1 and Type 2 Mouse Models.
Metabolic response 4 years after gastric bypass in a complete cohort with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Predicting Adverse Outcomes After Myocardial Infarction Among Patients With Diabetes Mellitus.
Increased admissions for diabetes mellitus after burn.
Association between particulate matter 2.5 and diabetes mellitus: A meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Unusual Presentation of Central Diabetes Insipidus in a Patient With Neurosarcoidosis.
Diabetes mellitus in classical trigeminal neuralgia: A predisposing factor for its development.
Restless legs syndrome in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Risk of Cardiovascular Events in Patients With Diabetes Mellitus on β-Blockers.
Hypopituitarism and Central Diabetes Insipidus Caused by Central Nervous System Lymphoma.
[Prevalence, awareness, status of treatment and control on type 2 diabetes mellitus among Chinese premenopausal women aged 18-49 in 2013].
Variation in incidence of type 2 diabetes mellitus: time series of Mexican adolescents.
Nomogram for predicting diabetes mellitus after the first attack of acute pancreatitis.
Diabetes insipidus in pediatric patients.
Reduced expression of stearoyl-CoA desaturase-1, but not free fatty acid receptor 2 or 4 in subcutaneous adipose tissue of patients with newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Lixisenatide Versus Insulin Glulisine on Fasting and Postbreakfast Systemic Hemodynamics in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Patients.
Secondary Prevention of Cardiovascular Disease in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: International Insights From the TECOS Trial (Trial Evaluating Cardiovascular Outcomes With Sitagliptin).
Glycemic Status and Thromboembolic Risk in Patients With Atrial Fibrillation and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Diabetes Mellitus-Induced Long Noncoding RNA Dnm3os Regulates Macrophage Functions and Inflammation via Nuclear Mechanisms.
Treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus worldwide: Baseline patient characteristics in the global DISCOVER study.
The effect of attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder and other psychiatric disorders on the treatment of pediatric diabetes mellitus.
Estimation of Plasma Levels of Tumor Necrosis Factor-a, Interleukin-4 and 6 in Patients with Chronic Periodontitis and Type II Diabetes Mellitus.
Special Issue on New Cellular, Genetic and Proteomic Tools in the Prevention and Management of Diabetes Mellitus.
Influence of Glycated Haemoglobin Levels on Intraocular Pressure in patients with Type -II Diabetes Mellitus.
Correlations of carotid intima-media thickness with endothelial function and atherosclerosis degree in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Mean Platelet Volume and Platelet Count in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Impaired Fasting Glucose.
Weight change and mortality and cardiovascular outcomes in patients with new-onset diabetes mellitus: a nationwide cohort study.
Impact of diabetes mellitus on functional exercise capacity and pulmonary functions in patients with diabetes and healthy persons.
One-hour and two-hour postload plasma glucose concentrations are comparable predictors of type 2 diabetes mellitus in Southwestern Native Americans.
Recurrent Stroke in Minor Ischemic Stroke or Transient Ischemic Attack With Metabolic Syndrome and/or Diabetes Mellitus.
Canine Diabetes Mellitus Associated Ocular Disease.
Altered brain metabolites in patients with diabetes mellitus and related complications - evidence from <sup>1</sup>H MRS study.
Diabetes education and health insurance: How they affect the quality of care provided to people with type 1 diabetes in Latin America. Data from the International Diabetes Mellitus Practices Study (IDMPS).
Impact of serum cholesterol esterification rates on the development of diabetes mellitus in a general population.
A case report of fulminant type 1 diabetes mellitus associated with drug-induced hypersensitivity syndrome in an elderly patient with coxsackie B4 virus infection and human leukocyte antigen-A24 haplotype.
Exercise Training Adds Cardiometabolic Benefits of a Paleolithic Diet in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Potential role of peroxisome proliferator activated receptor gamma activation on serum visfatin and trace elements in high fat diet induced type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Effect of oral vitamin D supplementation on glycemic control in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus with coexisting hypovitaminosis D: A parellel group placebo controlled randomized controlled pilot study.
Diabetes Mellitus With Concurrent Cerebellar Degeneration and Necrosis in a Domestic Goose ( Anser anser domesticus).
[The mortality of diabetes mellitus from the perspective of multiple causes of death: encoding problems].
Thiazide Diuretics in the Management of Young Children with Central Diabetes Insipidus.
Behavioral and familial predictors of diabetes mellitus in adults aged 20-69 in Yazd, Iran during 2014-2015.
Prevalence and factors associated with diabetes mellitus and impaired fasting glucose level among members of federal police commission residing in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia.
Assessment of the Prevalence and Risk Factors Associated With Glucocorticoid-Induced Diabetes Mellitus in Pemphigus Vulgaris Patients.
Impact of diabetes education and self-management on the quality of care for people with type 1 diabetes mellitus in the Middle East (the International Diabetes Mellitus Practices Study, IDMPS).
[The CD45-positive thrombocytes and neutrophils/lymphocytes level ratio in evaluation of risk of development of re-stenosis шт patients with chronic ischemic heart disease and diabetes mellitus type II.]
[The influence of type 2 diabetes mellitus on early and late results of percutaneous coronary intervention for non-st segment elevation myocardial infarction].
Interrelation between ghrelin and gastrin in patients with combination of chronic gastritis and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Painless Thyroiditis and Fulminant Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus in a Patient Treated with an Immune Checkpoint Inhibitor, Nivolumab.
Predictors of mortality in hospital survivors with type 2 diabetes mellitus and acute coronary syndromes.
Empagliflozin and Clinical Outcomes in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus, Established Cardiovascular Disease, and Chronic Kidney Disease.
Diabetes mellitus and its associated factors among human immunodeficiency virus-infected patients on anti-retroviral therapy in Northeast Ethiopia.
<i>Toxoplasma gondii</i> Infection in Diabetes Mellitus Patients in China: Seroprevalence, Risk Factors, and Case-Control Studies.
ACOG Practice Bulletin No. 201: Pregestational Diabetes Mellitus.
Mechanism of TangGanJian on nonalcoholic fatty liver disease with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Chronic stress, sense of coherence and risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Shortened Activated Partial Thromboplastin Time and Increased Superoxide Dismutase Levels Are Associated with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Putative IgG4-related pituitary disease with hypopituitarism and/or diabetes insipidus accompanied with elevated serum levels of IgG4.
Canagliflozin and Heart Failure in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
The effects of inflammation, aging and oxidative stress on the pathogenesis of diabetes mellitus (type 2 diabetes).
Immunomodulatory Effect of Vitamin D and Its Potential Role in the Prevention and Treatment of Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus-A Narrative Review.
Ambient fine particulate pollution associated with diabetes mellitus among the elderly aged 50 years and older in China.
Associations between quality of work features in primary health care and glycaemic control in people with Type 2 diabetes mellitus: A nationwide survey.
Reduced Long-Term Risk of Aortic Aneurysm and Aortic Dissection Among Individuals With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Nationwide Observational Study.
Adropin and irisin in arterial hypertension, diabetes mellitus and chronic kidney disease.
MicroRNAs as therapeutic targets for the treatment of diabetes mellitus and its complications.
Trace Elements in Saliva as Markers of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Yellow Tongue Coating is Associated With Diabetes Mellitus Among Japanese Non-smoking Men and Women: The Toon Health Study.
Impact of type 2 diabetes mellitus and physical activity on medication costs in older adults.
Nephrogenic diabetes insipidus with intracranial calcification in a child with thalassemia minor.
Evaluation of cellular plasticity in the collecting duct during recovery from lithium-induced nephrogenic diabetes insipidus.
Diabetes insipidus and hypopituitarism in HIV: an unexpected cause.
Unstable bodyweight and incident type 2 diabetes mellitus: A meta-analysis.
Care-Seeking Dynamics among Patients with Diabetes Mellitus and Hypertension in Selected Rural Settings in Kenya.
Role of Sertoli and Leydig Cells in the Regulation of Spermatogonial Stem Cell and Development of Reproductive Disorders in Male C57Bl/6 Mice with Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus.
Metformin Regulates the Expression of SK2 and SK3 in the Atria of Rats With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Through the NOX4/p38MAPK Signaling Pathway.
Association of Persistent, Incident, and Remittent Proteinuria With Stroke Risk in Patients With Diabetes Mellitus or Prediabetes Mellitus.
Effect of exercise during pregnancy to prevent gestational diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Analysis of 43 cases of Langerhans cell histiocytosis (LCH)-induced central diabetes insipidus registered in the JLSG-96 and JLSG-02 studies in Japan.
Effect of Curcuma longa on vascular function in native Tamilians with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A randomized, double-blind, parallel arm, placebo-controlled trial.
Circulating Biomarkers of Dairy Fat and Risk of Incident Diabetes Mellitus Among Men and Women in the United States in Two Large Prospective Cohorts.
Optimal hemoglobin A1C cutoff value for diabetes mellitus and pre-diabetes in Pudong New Area, Shanghai, China.
Apoptosis of supraoptic AVP neurons is involved in the development of central diabetes insipidus after hypophysectomy in rats.
Effectiveness of peer led intervention in improvement of clinical outcomes among diabetes mellitus and hypertension patients-A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prevalence of Diabetes Mellitus among Roma Populations-A Systematic Review.
Diabetes insipidus.
Superoxide Dismutase Levels and Polymorphism (<i>Ala16val</i>) In Tuberculosis Patients with Diabetes Mellitus in Medan City.
[The number and subgroups of lymphocytes in valve tissue of rheumatic heart disease combined with diabetes mellitus].
Oxysterol species: reliable markers of oxidative stress in diabetes mellitus.
Efficacy of probiotic supplement for gestational diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Is Rheumatoid Arthritis a Cardiovascular Risk-Equivalent to Diabetes Mellitus?
Thrombotic/Thrombolytic Balance as a Cardiac Treatment Determinant in Patients With Diabetes Mellitus and Coronary Artery Disease.
Serum cotinine levels and diabetes mellitus in never smokers.
Low prevalence of diabetes mellitus in patients with Takotsubo syndrome: A plausible 'protective' effect with pathophysiologic connotations.
Seasonal and Monthly Patterns, Weekly Variations, and the Holiday Effect of Outpatient Visits for Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Patients in China.
Galega officinalis extract regulate the diabetes mellitus related violations of proliferation, functions and apoptosis of leukocytes.
Predicting Mortality in African Americans With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: Soluble Urokinase Plasminogen Activator Receptor, Coronary Artery Calcium, and High-Sensitivity C-Reactive Protein.
THE PHYSIOLOGY BEHIND DIABETES MELLITUS IN PATIENTS WITH PHEOCHROMOCYTOMA: A REVIEW OF THE LITERATURE.
The general public's knowledge of diabetes mellitus: A cross-sectional study in Cameroon.
Clinical characteristics and management of cranial diabetes insipidus in infants.
Hsa-circRNA11783-2 in peripheral blood is correlated with coronary artery disease and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Risk of cardiovascular disease among Nordic childhood cancer survivors with diabetes mellitus: A report from adult life after childhood cancer in Scandinavia.
Direct medical costs of diabetes mellitus in the year of mortality and year preceding the year of mortality.
11β Hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase - 1 activity in type 2 diabetes mellitus: a comparative study.
New Insights into Adipokines as Potential Biomarkers for Type-2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Identification of an AVP-NPII mutation within the AVP moiety in a family with neurohypophyseal diabetes insipidus: review of the literature.
The American Heart Association Ideal Cardiovascular Health and Incident Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Among Blacks: The Jackson Heart Study.
The readmission rates in patients with versus those without diabetes mellitus at an urban teaching hospital.
Resources and organisation in primary health care are associated with HbA<sub>1c</sub> level: A nationwide study of 230958 people with Type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Impaired glucagon secretion in patients with fulminant type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Is Diabetes Mellitus a Risk Factor for Poor Outcomes after Left Ventricular Assist Device Placement?
CXC chemokine ligand 16 is increased in gestational diabetes mellitus and preeclampsia and associated with lipoproteins in gestational diabetes mellitus at 5 years follow-up.
Functional convergence of Akt protein with VEGFR-1 in human endothelial progenitor cells exposed to sera from patient with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Diabetes mellitus mortality in Spanish cities: Trends and geographical inequalities.
Contemporary rates and predictors of fast progression of chronic kidney disease in adults with and without diabetes mellitus.
Diabetes Mellitus-Related All-Cause and Cardiovascular Mortality in a National Cohort of Adults.
Association of Diabetes Mellitus Status and Glycemic Control With Secondary Prevention Medication Adherence After Acute Myocardial Infarction.
Intention-to-treat analysis of liver transplantation for hepatocellular carcinoma: The impact of pre-existing diabetes mellitus.
Nrf2 activation protects against lithium-induced nephrogenic diabetes insipidus.
Gestational diabetes insipidus, HELLP syndrome and eclampsia in a twin pregnancy: a case report.
Association of New-Onset Diabetes Mellitus in Older People and Mortality in Taiwan: A 10-Year Nationwide Population-Based Study.
Different impacts of hypertension and diabetes mellitus on all-cause and cardiovascular mortality in community-dwelling older adults: the Rancho Bernardo Study.
Potential protective effect of lactation against incidence of type 2 diabetes mellitus in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prevalence of Known Risk Factors for Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in Multiethnic Urban Youth in Edmonton: Findings From the WHY ACT NOW Project.
[Diabetes Mellitus, a prothrombotic disease].
LRH-1 agonism favours an immune-islet dialogue which protects against diabetes mellitus.
Metagenomic Analysis of Gingival Sulcus Microbiota and Pathogenesis of Periodontitis Associated with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Haptoglobin 2-2 Phenotype Is Associated With Increased Acute Kidney Injury After Elective Cardiac Surgery in Patients With Diabetes Mellitus.
Latent class analysis suggests four classes of persons with type 2 diabetes mellitus based on complications and comorbidities in Tianjin, China: a cross-sectional analysis.
Comparison of type 2 diabetes mellitus incidence in different phases of hepatitis B virus infection: A meta-analysis.
Management of diabetes mellitus in patients undergoing liver transplantation.
Bisphenol A and octylphenol exacerbate type 1 diabetes mellitus by disrupting calcium homeostasis in mouse pancreas.
Panhypopituitarism and diabetes insipidus in a patient with primary central nervous system lymphoma.
Effects of Liraglutide on Cardiovascular Outcomes in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus With or Without History of Myocardial Infarction or Stroke.
Safe driving practices and factors associated with motor-vehicle collisions among people with insulin-treated diabetes mellitus: Results from the Diabetes and Driving (DAD) study.
G protein-coupled receptor 119 agonist DS-8500a effects on pancreatic β-cells in Japanese type 2 diabetes mellitus patients.
[Prevalence of Dental Caries in Patients with Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus Treated with Multiple Insulin Injections and that of Individuals without Diabetes].
Diagnosing gestational diabetes mellitus in the Danish National Birth Cohort.
Adiponectin and pro-inflammatory cytokines are modulated in Vietnamese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Global View on Alzheimer's Disease and Diabetes Mellitus: Threats, Risks and Treatment Alzheimer's Disease and Diabetes Mellitus.
[Vitamin B12 Deficiency in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus].
The role and function of HDL in patients with diabetes mellitus and the related cardiovascular risk.
Parathyroid hormone (1-34) promotes fracture healing in ovariectomized rats with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
The CANVAS Program: implications of canagliflozin on reducing cardiovascular risk in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Dipsogenic diabetes insipidus: report of a novel treatment strategy and literature review.
Diabetes Insipidus. Navigating troubled waters.
In Silico Computations of Selective Phytochemicals as Potential Inhibitors Against Major Biological Targets of Diabetes Mellitus.
Diabetes mellitus and gynecologic cancer: molecular mechanisms, epidemiological, clinical and prognostic perspectives.
[Diabetes insipidus induced by pregnancy. A case report].
Conversion From Steroid to Everolimus in Maintenance Kidney Transplant Recipients With Posttransplant Diabetes Mellitus.
Bauhinia forficata in the treatment of diabetes mellitus: a patent review.
Effect of long-term glycemic variability on estimated glomerular filtration rate decline among patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: Insights from the Diabetic Nephropathy Cohort in Singapore.
Comparison of incidence of hyponatremia between intranasal and oral desmopressin in patients with central diabetes insipidus.
Collective empowerment strategies for patients with Diabetes Mellitus: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Microangiopathy is associated with bone loss in female type 2 diabetes mellitus patients.
Targeting dysfunctional beta-cell signaling for the potential treatment of type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Increasing beta cell mass to treat diabetes mellitus.
Interplay between H6PDH and 11β-HSD1 implicated in the pathogenesis of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Optimizing postpartum care for the patient with gestational diabetes mellitus.
Development of a Smartphone-Enabled Hypertension and Diabetes Mellitus Management Package to Facilitate Evidence-Based Care Delivery in Primary Healthcare Facilities in India: The mPower Heart Project.
A long-term quality-of-care score for predicting the occurrence of macrovascular diseases in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Retinal vessel diameters and reactivity in diabetes mellitus and/or cardiovascular disease.
Heritability, parental transmission and environment correlation of pediatric-onset type 2 diabetes mellitus and metabolic syndrome-related traits.
Diabetes insipidus uncovered during conservative management of complicated acute appendicitis.
Omentin-1 in diabetes mellitus: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diabetes mellitus as a protective factor of abdominal aortic aneurysm: Possible mechanisms.
[Clinical profile of patients diagnosed with type 2 Diabetes Mellitus].
Percutaneous closure of the left atrial appendage in patients with diabetes mellitus.
Predictors of postpartum diabetes mellitus in patients with gestational diabetes.
Lack of Association of Coffee Consumption with the Prevalence of Self-Reported Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in a Mexican Population: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Reappraisal of metallothionein: Clinical implications for patients with diabetes mellitus.
Hematological profile associated with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Evaluation of the association between urinary cadmium levels below threshold limits and the risk of diabetes mellitus: a dose-response meta-analysis.
Development of central diabetes insipidus following electroconvulsive therapy: results of a prospective pilot study.
A missense mutation in the arginine-vasopressin neurophysin-II gene causes autosomal dominant neurohypophyseal diabetes insipidus in a Chinese family.
Exercise capacity in diabetes mellitus is predicted by activity status and cardiac size rather than cardiac function: a case control study.
Left ventricular subclinical myocardial dysfunction in uncomplicated type 2 diabetes mellitus is associated with impaired myocardial perfusion: a contrast-enhanced cardiovascular magnetic resonance study.
Risk Related to Pre-Diabetes Mellitus and Diabetes Mellitus in Heart Failure With Reduced Ejection Fraction: Insights From Prospective Comparison of ARNI With ACEI to Determine Impact on Global Mortality and Morbidity in Heart Failure Trial.
Age-adjusted glycated albumin accurately reflects blood glucose in patients with neonatal diabetes mellitus: comparison with calculated glycated albumin determined by past blood glucose concentrations.
Repurposing of sodium valproate in colon cancer associated with diabetes mellitus: Role of HDAC inhibition.
Serum 1,5-anhydroglucitol level as a screening tool for diabetes mellitus in a community-based population at high risk of diabetes.
Prevention of atherothrombotic events in patients with diabetes mellitus: from antithrombotic therapies to new-generation glucose-lowering drugs.
Neck circumference might predict gestational diabetes mellitus in Han Chinese women: A nested case-control study.
Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and chronic vascular complications of diabetes mellitus.
Cardiovascular Risk Factors in Patients with Poorly Controlled Diabetes Mellitus.
Electronic messaging intervention for management of cardiovascular risk factors in type 2 diabetes mellitus: A randomised controlled trial.
Effect of Multifactorial Treatment Targets and Relative Importance of Hemoglobin A1c, Blood Pressure, and Low-Density Lipoprotein-Cholesterol on Cardiovascular Diseases in Chinese Primary Care Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Population-Based Retrospective Cohort Study.
Platelets Express Activated P2Y<sub>12</sub> Receptor in Patients With Diabetes Mellitus.
Comparison of Outcomes in Patients With Diabetes Mellitus Treated With Versus Without Insulin + Heart Failure With Preserved Left Ventricular Ejection Fraction (from the TOPCAT Study).
The role of cerebrovascular disease and the association between diabetes mellitus and dementia among aged medicare beneficiaries.
A rare case of large pyosalpinx in an elderly patient with well-controlled type 2 diabetes mellitus: a case report.
Increased risk of diabetes mellitus five years after an episode of <i>Staphylococcus aureus</i> bacteraemia.
Incident diabetes mellitus may explain the association between sleep duration and incident coronary heart disease.
WFS1 variants in Finnish patients with diabetes mellitus, sensorineural hearing impairment or optic atrophy, and in suicide victims.
Therapeutic Dose Monitoring for Linezolid in a Patient with MRSA Pneumonia with Bacteremia in Diabetes Insipidus.
Perceptions of risk of coronary heart disease among people living with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Childhood Age and Associations Between Childhood Metabolic Syndrome and Adult Risk for Metabolic Syndrome, Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Carotid Intima Media Thickness: The International Childhood Cardiovascular Cohort Consortium.
Type 3 Diabetes Mellitus: A Novel Implication of Alzheimers Disease.
An assessment of self-care knowledge among patients with diabetes mellitus.
Hyperthyroxinemia is positively associated with prevalent and incident type 2 diabetes mellitus in two population-based samples from Northeast Germany and Denmark.
FROM DIABETES INSIPIDUS TO SELLAR XANTHOGRANULOMA - A "YELLOW BRICK ROAD" DEMANDING TEAM-WORK.
Syndrome of Inappropriate Antidiuretic Hormone Secretion (SIADH) and Subsequent Central Diabetes Insipidus: A Rare Presentation of Pituitary Apoplexy.
Diabetes mellitus and optic atrophy: study of the Wolfram syndrome
Improving type 2 diabetes mellitus glycaemic control through lifestyle modification implementing diet intervention: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of standardized nursing care plans to achieve A1C, blood pressure, and LDL-C goals among people with poorly controlled type 2 diabetes mellitus at baseline: four-year follow-up study.
Analysis of circulating lncRNA expression profiles in patients with diabetes mellitus and diabetic nephropathy: Differential expression profile of circulating lncRNA .
Clinical review: Current state and future perspectives in the diagnosis of diabetes insipidus: a clinical review.
Mortality after percutaneous coronary revascularization: Prior cardiovascular risk factor control and improved outcomes in patients with diabetes mellitus.
Diabetes mellitus and laboratory medicine in sub-Saharan Africa: challenges and perspectives.
Hope and mealtime insulin boluses are associated with depressive symptoms and glycemic control in youth with type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Statin Use and the Risk for Incident Diabetes Mellitus in Patients with Acute Coronary Syndrome after Percutaneous Coronary Intervention: A Population-Based Retrospective Cohort Study in Taiwan.
Factors associated with duration of inpatient hospital stay for patients with diabetes mellitus admitted to a medical unit in a community public hospital.
Statins in the prevention of lithium-associated diabetes insipidus: preliminary findings.
Efficacy and safety of desmopressin orally disintegrating tablet in patients with central diabetes insipidus: results of a multicenter open-label dose-titration study.
Diabetes Mellitus among Adult Tuberculosis Patients Attending Tuberculosis Clinics in Eastern Ethiopia.
Factors associated with medication adherence among people with diabetes mellitus in poor urban areas of Cambodia: A cross-sectional study.
Clinical and Molecular Characterization of Children with Neonatal Diabetes Mellitus at a Tertiary Care Center in Northern India.
Association between insomnia and type 2 diabetes mellitus in Han Chinese individuals in Shandong Province, China.
Endocrine Disrupting Chemicals Mediated through Binding Androgen Receptor Are Associated with Diabetes Mellitus.
The impact of depression and diabetes mellitus on older workers' functioning.
Functional health status of adults with serious mental illness and diabetes mellitus: A latent profile analysis.
Maturity-onset diabetes of the young as a model for elucidating the multifactorial origin of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Pain sensation in human osteoarthritic knee joints is strongly enhanced by diabetes mellitus.
Diabetes Mellitus and/or Nonalcoholic Steatohepatitis-related Hepatocellular Carcinoma Showed Favorable Surgical Outcomes After Hepatectomy.
Lumbar Spine Trabecular Bone Score (TBS) Reflects Diminished Bone Quality in Patients With Diabetes Mellitus and Oral Glucocorticoid Therapy.
Five-year observation of the relationship between body mass index and glycated hemoglobin in children with Type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Patterns and trends in insulin initiation and intensification among patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus in the Western Pacific region.
Comparison of osteoporosis in US adults with type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Adiponectin improves coronary no-reflow injury by protecting the endothelium in rats with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Time Trend, Age and Sex Distribution of Deceased from Diabetes Mellitus at the Regional Level in the Slovak Republic.
Use of Mineralocorticoid Receptor Antagonists in Patients With Heart Failure and Comorbid Diabetes Mellitus or Chronic Kidney Disease.
Comparative risk of new-onset diabetes mellitus for antihypertensive drugs: A network meta-analysis.
Influence of diabetes mellitus on mortality in breast cancer patients.
Diabetes mellitus in Friedreich Ataxia: A case series of 19 patients from the German-Austrian diabetes mellitus registry.
Transient gestational diabetes insipidus diagnosed in successive pregnancies: review of pathophysiology, diagnosis, treatment, and management of delivery.
Early copeptin determination allows prompt diagnosis of post-neurosurgical central diabetes insipidus.
IDENTIFYING PROBABLE DIABETES MELLITUS AMONG HISPANICS/LATINOS FROM FOUR U.S. CITIES: FINDINGS FROM THE HISPANIC COMMUNITY HEALTH STUDY/STUDY OF LATINOS.
Help-seeking behaviors for serious psychological distress among individuals with diabetes mellitus: The California Health Interview Survey, 2011-2012.
Left ventricular concentric geometry predicts incident diabetes mellitus independent of established risk factors in the general population: the Copenhagen City Heart Study.
Risk factors for type 2 diabetes mellitus among out-patients in Ho, the Volta regional capital of Ghana: a case-control study.
Circulating sortilin level as a potential biomarker for coronary atherosclerosis and diabetes mellitus.
Diabetes Mellitus, Microalbuminuria, and Subclinical Cardiac Disease: Identification and Monitoring of Individuals at Risk of Heart Failure.
Lithium induced diabetes insipidus, trauma and the shrunken brain.
Transient diabetes insipidus in a very-low-birthweight preterm infant with intraventricular haemorrhage.
Diabetes insipidus: diagnosis and treatment of a complex disease.
Combination of a structured aerobic and resistance exercise improves glycaemic control in pregnant women diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus. A randomised controlled trial.
Incidence, Risk Factors, and Follow-Up of Diabetes Mellitus After Liver Transplant: A Prospective Study From Iran.
Desmopressin duration of antidiuretic action in patients with central diabetes insipidus.
Nephrogenic diabetes insipidus: essential insights into the molecular background and potential therapies for treatment.
Nonenzymatic glycosylation of human serum albumin and its effect on antibodies profile in patients with diabetes mellitus.
The association between GAD65 antibody levels and incident Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in an adult population: A meta-analysis.
Clinical Evaluation of Obesity In Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus after Periodontal Treatment: A Comparative Study.
The association of diabetes mellitus and insulin treatment with expression of insulin-related proteins in breast tumors.
Patient characteristics related to metabolic disorders and chronic complications in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients hospitalized at the Qingdao Endocrine and Diabetes Hospital from 2006 to 2012 in China.
Melatonin-Aluminum Oxide-Polymethylsiloxane Complex on Apoptosis of Liver Cells in a Model of Obesity and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Good glycaemic control is associated with a better prognosis in breast cancer patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
[Gestational diabetes mellitus (Update 2019)].
Navigating a 'Perfect Storm' on the Path to Prevention of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus After Gestational Diabetes: Lessons from Patient and Provider Narratives.
Factors associated with glycaemic control in patients with diabetes mellitus: A systematic literature review.
Role of Circulating Fibroblast Growth Factor 21 Measurement in Primary Prevention of Coronary Heart Disease Among Chinese Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Effects of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in Patients on Treatment With Glibenclamide and Metformin on Carvedilol Enantiomers Metabolism.
Impact of Diabetes Mellitus on Outcomes in Patients Supported With Left Ventricular Assist Devices: A Single Institutional 9-Year Experience.
Metformin use mitigates the adverse prognostic effect of diabetes mellitus in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Time-cumulated blood pressure exposure and incident impairment of glucose tolerance and diabetes mellitus.
Association of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder with recurrent hypoglycemia in type 1 diabetes mellitus.
The FTO variant is associated with chronic complications of diabetes mellitus in Czech population.
RNA-Seq and protein mass spectrometry in microdissected kidney tubules reveal signaling processes initiating lithium-induced nephrogenic diabetes insipidus.
Low Plasma Oxytocin Levels and Increased Psychopathology in Hypopituitary Men With Diabetes Insipidus.
Etiological and clinical characteristics of central diabetes insipidus in children: a single center experience.
Adiponectin protects against lung ischemia-reperfusion injury in rats with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
From idiopathic diabetes insipidus to neurodegenerative Langerhans cell histiocytosis--an unusual presentation and progression of disease.
Prescription of lipid-lowering medications for patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus and risk-associated LDL cholesterol: a nationwide study of guideline adherence from the Swedish National Diabetes Register.
Cause-specific mortality in children and young adults with diabetes mellitus: A Danish nationwide cohort study.
Educational diagnosis of self-management behaviours in patients with diabetes mellitus, hypertension and hypercholesterolaemia based on the PRECEDE model: Qualitative study.
Comparative Decellularization and Recellularization of Normal Versus Streptozotocin-Induced Diabetes Mellitus Rat Pancreas.
New-onset diabetes mellitus after heart transplantation in children - Incidence and risk factors.
Clinical and socio-demographic determinants of self-care behaviours in patients with heart failure and diabetes mellitus: A multicentre cross-sectional study.
Early Onset of Diabetes Mellitus Accelerates Cognitive Decline in Japanese Patients with Mitochondrial Myopathy, Encephalopathy, Lactic Acidosis, and Stroke-Like Episodes.
TREATMENT OF DIABETES MELLITUS IN A GOLDEN LION TAMARIN (LEONTOPITHECUS ROSALIA) WITH THE GLUCAGON-LIKE PEPTIDE-1 MIMETIC EXENATIDE.
[Prevalence of previously diagnosed diabetes mellitus in Mexico.]
Elevated Medium-Chain Acylcarnitines Are Associated With Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Early Progression to Type 2 Diabetes and Induce Pancreatic β-Cell Dysfunction.
Effectiveness of Acupressure at the Zusanli (ST-36) Acupoint as a Comfortable Treatment for Diabetes Mellitus: A Pilot Study in Indonesia.
Diabetes mellitus in pediatric solid organ recipients without and with cystic fibrosis: An analysis from the German-Austrian diabetes database (Diabetes Patienten Verlaufsdokumentation).
Effects of allyl isothiocyanate on insulin resistance, oxidative stress status, and transcription factors in high-fat diet/streptozotocin-induced type 2 diabetes mellitus in rats.
Long-term outcomes of patients with diabetes mellitus undergoing percutaneous intervention for popliteal and infrapopliteal peripheral arterial disease.
Vitamin D and diabetes mellitus: Causal or casual association?
Effects of Diabetes Mellitus on Cognitive Decline in Patients with Alzheimer Disease: A Systematic Review.
Impact of diabetes mellitus on procedural and one year clinical outcomes following treatment of severely calcified coronary lesions with the orbital atherectomy system: A subanalysis of the ORBIT II study.
Maternal Diabetes Mellitus as a Risk Factor for High Blood Pressure in Late Childhood.
Diagnosis of diabetes mellitus and living with a chronic condition: participatory study.
Diabetes insipidus: a challenging diagnosis with new drug therapies.
The effect of a transtheoretical model-based motivational interview on self-efficacy, metabolic control, and health behaviour in adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A randomized controlled trial.
Association between ADIPOQ gene polymorphisms and the risk of new-onset diabetes mellitus after liver transplantation.
Sliding scale insulin for non-critically ill hospitalised adults with diabetes mellitus.
Bartter Syndrome with Nephrogenic Diabetes Insipidus and Vitamin D Resistant Rickets.
Different role of zinc transporter 8 between type 1 diabetes mellitus and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Knowledge of diabetes mellitus and safe practices during Ramadan fasting among Muslim patients with diabetes mellitus in Singapore.
Correlation between the levels of serum cystatin C and substance P in peripheral blood in diabetes mellitus patients complicated with hypertension.
Type 3c (pancreatogenic) diabetes mellitus secondary to chronic pancreatitis and pancreatic cancer.
[Perioperative management of a child with central diabetes insipidus who underwent two surgeries before and after desmopressin administration].
Effectiveness of primary healthcare educational interventions undertaken by nurses to improve chronic disease management in patients with diabetes mellitus, hypertension and hypercholesterolemia: A systematic review.
Idiopathic Urethral Stricture and Nephrogenic Diabetes Insipidus: The Odd Couple.
Diabetes Mellitus as a Risk Factor for Development of Depressive Symptoms in a Population-Based Cohort of Older Mexican Americans.
Diabetes mellitus in the context of blood transfusion.
Diabetes mellitus and renal involvement in chronic viral liver disease.
Incremental Value of Increasing Number of Arterial Grafts: The Effect of Diabetes Mellitus.
Association between social determinants and the presence of essential hypertension in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients.
Pre-diabetes mellitus newly diagnosed after myocardial infarction adversely affects prognosis in patients without known diabetes.
Predictors of renal complications in pediatric patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus: A prospective cohort study.
Everolimus-eluting bioresorbable scaffolds for treatment of coronary artery disease in patients with diabetes mellitus: the midterm follow-up of the prospective ABSORB DM Benelux study.
[Pharmacological approaches for correction of thyroid dysfunctions in diabetes mellitus].
The association between diabetes mellitus and reduction in myocardial glucose uptake: a population-based <sup>18</sup>F-FDG PET/CT study.
High prevalence of diabetes mellitus, hypertension and obesity among persons with a recorded diagnosis of intellectual disability or autism spectrum disorder.
Fasting experience of patients with Type 2 diabetes mellitus on insulin therapy during Ramadan: VISION Ramadan substudy.
Chronic renal disease in spain: prevalence and related factors in persons with diabetes mellitus older than 64 years.
Physical Disability and Diabetes Mellitus; Qualitative Exploration of Patients' Perception and Behavior.
Socioeconomic Status: The Missing Link Between Obesity and Diabetes Mellitus?
Screening diabetes mellitus 2 based on electronic health records using temporal features.
Nursing students learning the pharmacology of diabetes mellitus with complexity-based computerized models: A quasi-experimental study.
Empagliflozin and Cerebrovascular Events in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus at High Cardiovascular Risk.
[The effect of nutrition intervention on the body composition and blood glucose in newly diagnosed patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus complicated with overweight and obesity].
Long non-coding RNA LY86-AS1 and HCG27_201 expression in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Assessment of association between lipoxygenase genes variants in elderly Greek population and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Idiopathic central diabetes insipidus presenting in a very low birth weight infant successfully managed with lyophilized sublingual desmopressin.
The influence of maternal body mass index, maternal diabetes mellitus, and maternal smoking during pregnancy on the risk of childhood-onset type 1 diabetes mellitus in the offspring: Systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
A selective EP4 PGE2 receptor agonist  alleviates disease in a new mouse model  of X-linked nephrogenic diabetes insipidus.
Serum uric acid to creatinine ratio: A predictor of incident chronic kidney disease in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients with preserved kidney function.
Insulin Treatment Forces Arteriogenesis in Diabetes Mellitus by Upregulation of the Early Growth Response-1 (Egr-1) Pathway in Mice.
Type 2 diabetes mellitus and oral <i>Candida</i> colonization: Analysis of risk factors in a Sri Lankan cohort.
Transient polyuria related to central diabetes insipidus caused by lymphocytic infundibulo-neurohypophysitis in a patient treated for Graves' disease.
Lymphocytic hypophysitis with a long latent period from onset of central diabetes insipidus to development of pituitary enlargement.
Gastrointestinal complications in patients with diabetes mellitus.
Diabetes Insipidus after Traumatic Brain Injury.
Non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol:  High-density lipoprotein cholesterol ratio is an independent risk factor for diabetes mellitus: Results from a population-based cohort study.
Influence of exercise intervention on gestational diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Exploration of predictive metabolic factors for gestational diabetes mellitus in Japanese women using metabolomic analysis.
Risk factors of diabetes mellitus amongst the executives of an industrial area of North East India: A community based cross sectional study.
Can Epigenetics of Endothelial Dysfunction Represent the Key to Precision Medicine in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus?
Ghrelin is a possible new predictor associated with executive function in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Iatrogenic water intoxication during pelvic ultrasonography in a patient with diabetes insipidus.
Diabetes mellitus might be a protective factor of glioma.
Study of the pathogenesis and treatment of diabetes mellitus through animal models.
Recent Advances in GLP-1 Receptor Agonists for Use in Diabetes Mellitus.
Glycemic control indicator levels at diagnosis of neonatal diabetes mellitus: Comparison with other types of insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.
Bisphenol A exposure and type 2 diabetes mellitus risk: a meta-analysis.
Diabetes Mellitus and Right Ventricular Dysfunction in Heart Failure With Preserved Ejection Fraction.
Effects of oral antidiabetic drugs on left ventricular mass in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a network meta-analysis.
Impact of Diabetes Mellitus on Hospitalization for Heart Failure, Cardiovascular Events, and Death: Outcomes at 4 Years From the Reduction of Atherothrombosis for Continued Health (REACH) Registry.
Diabetes Mellitus in Pregnancy Leads to Growth Restriction and Epigenetic Modification of the <i>Srebf2</i> Gene in Rat Fetuses.
Type 2 diabetes mellitus, brain atrophy and cognitive decline in older people: a longitudinal study.
Association of smoking and cardiometabolic parameters with albuminuria in people with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diabetes mellitus and hypertension: a dual threat.
Hypopituitarism and central diabetes insipidus: perioperative diagnosis and management.
Garcinia kola seeds may prevent cognitive and motor dysfunctions in a type 1 diabetes mellitus rat model partly by mitigating neuroinflammation.
A randomized clinical trial of exercise during pregnancy to prevent gestational diabetes mellitus and improve pregnancy outcome in overweight and obese pregnant women.
Alteration in CD8<sup>+</sup> T cell subsets in enterovirus-infected patients: An alarming factor for type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Effect of multidisciplinary intensive targeted care in improving diabetes mellitus outcomes: a randomized controlled pilot study - the Integrated Diabetes Education, Awareness and Lifestyle modification in Singapore (IDEALS) Program.
Antihyperglycemic Medication Use Among Medicare Beneficiaries With Heart Failure, Diabetes Mellitus, and Chronic Kidney Disease.
Type 1 diabetes mellitus: Complex interplay of oxidative stress, cytokines, gastrointestinal motility and small intestinal bacterial overgrowth.
AMERICAN ASSOCIATION OF CLINICAL ENDOCRINOLOGISTS AND AMERICAN COLLEGE OF ENDOCRINOLOGY 2018 POSITION STATEMENT ON INTEGRATION OF INSULIN PUMPS AND CONTINUOUS GLUCOSE MONITORING IN PATIENTS WITH DIABETES MELLITUS.
A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis on the Strength and Consistency of the Associations between Dupuytren Disease and Diabetes Mellitus, Liver Disease, and Epilepsy.
[Diabetes mellitus: definition, classification and diagnosis].
Metabolic memory phenomenon in diabetes mellitus: Achieving and perspectives.
The role of triglyceride glucose index in development of Type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Dietary Inflammatory Index and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in Adults: The Diabetes Mellitus Survey of Mexico City.
Salivary Profile in Adult Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Patients: A Case-control Study.
Clinical and socio-demographic determinants of inadequate self-care in adults with type 1 diabetes mellitus: the leading role of self-care confidence.
Postpartum assessment of the beta cell function and insulin resistance for Chinese women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus.
Psychosocial barriers to healthcare use among individuals with diabetes mellitus: A systematic review.
Pulmonary thrombosis associated with antidiuretic hormone replacement therapy due to secondary diabetes insipidus after traumatic brain injury: A case report.
Impact of diabetes mellitus on immature platelet fraction and its association with coronary artery disease.
Superficial candidosis course in patients with carbohydrate metabolism disorder and diabetes mellitus.
Epicardial fat tissue in patients with diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Langerhans' cell histiocytosis of the temporal bone in an adult with central diabetes insipidus.
Common and rare forms of diabetes mellitus: towards a continuum of diabetes subtypes.
Vitamin D ratio and glycaemic control in individuals with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A systematic review.
Mechanisms of diabetes mellitus-induced bone fragility.
Arachidonic acid and lipoxin A4 attenuate alloxan-induced cytotoxicity to RIN5F cells in vitro and type 1 diabetes mellitus in vivo.
Effects of mesenchymal stromal cells on type 1 diabetes mellitus rat muscles.
Shared and unique risk factors for depression and diabetes mellitus in a longitudinal study, implications for prevention: an analysis of a longitudinal population sample aged ⩾45 years.
Diagnosis and Management of Diabetes Mellitus in a Bali Mynah (Leucopsar rothschildi).
Analysis of correlations between the placental expression of glucose transporters GLUT-1, GLUT-4 and GLUT-9 and selected maternal and fetal parameters in pregnancies complicated by diabetes mellitus.
Effects of pre-gestational diabetes mellitus and gestational diabetes mellitus on macrosomia and birth defects in Upstate New York.
Canagliflozin and Stroke in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Carotid intima-media thickness among normoglycemia and normotension first-degree relatives of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
[Diabetes mellitus, coronary artery disease und heart disease (Update 2019)].
Duration of Diabetes Mellitus and Risk of Thromboembolism and Bleeding in Atrial Fibrillation: Nationwide Cohort Study.
GLP-1-Based Therapies Have No Microvascular Effects in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: An Acute and 12-Week Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Trial.
A novel deletion partly removing the AVP gene causes autosomal recessive inheritance of early-onset neurohypophyseal diabetes insipidus.
Endothelial dysfunction in normoglycaemic first-degree relatives of type 2 diabetes mellitus complicated with hyperuricaemia.
Fulminant type I diabetes mellitus associated with nivolumab in a patient with relapsed classical Hodgkin lymphoma.
Biochemical relationships between bone turnover markers and blood glucose in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Does obesity cause type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM)? Or is it the opposite?
Associations of greenness with diabetes mellitus and glucose-homeostasis markers: The 33 Communities Chinese Health Study.
Analysis of the characteristics of patients with diabetes mellitus who attend a tertiary hospital emergency department for a hypoglycemic event.
Diabetes insipidus as a presenting manifestation of Rathke's cleft cyst.
A Randomized Controlled Trial to Compare the Effect of Peanuts and Almonds on the Cardio-Metabolic and Inflammatory Parameters in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Association between patency of the circle of Willis and diabetes mellitus in patients with cerebral ischaemic stroke.
Effect of Hyperglycemia to The mRNA Level and Protein Expression of Perlecan at Rat Model of Osteoarthritis with Diabetes Mellitus Type 1.
Effects and Mechanisms of Tea for the Prevention and Management of Diabetes Mellitus and Diabetic Complications: An Updated Review.
Diabetes Mellitus in Outpatients in Debre Berhan Referral Hospital, Ethiopia.
Transient Central Diabetes Insipidus and Marked Hypernatremia following Cardiorespiratory Arrest.
Hypertension and diabetes mellitus as a predictive risk factors for stroke.
Circulating Concentrations of Redox Biomarkers Do Not Improve the Prediction of Adverse Cardiovascular Events in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Transient central diabetes insipidus following ischemic stroke.
[Depressive disorders and diabetes mellitus in children and adolescents].
Diabetes mellitus and obesity in the French Caribbean: A special vulnerability for women?
Growth differentiation factor 15 is positively associated with incidence of diabetes mellitus: the Malmö Diet and Cancer-Cardiovascular Cohort.
Using analytic morphomics to describe body composition associated with post-kidney transplantation diabetes mellitus.
Pregestational type 2 diabetes mellitus induces cardiac hypertrophy in the murine embryo through cardiac remodeling and fibrosis.
Effects of gestational and pregestational diabetes mellitus on the foetal heart: a cross-sectional study.
Impaired function of fibroblast growth factor 23 / Klotho protein axis in prediabetes and diabetes mellitus: Promising predictor of cardiovascular risk.
Screening for basal metabolic rate and visceral fat among postmenopausal osteoporosis with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Inflammatory markers and control of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
The GSTM1 and GSTT1 Null Genotypes Increase the Risk for Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and the Subsequent Development of Diabetic Complications: A Meta-analysis.
Oxidative stress and TB outcomes in patients with diabetes mellitus?
Serum cystatin C level is associated with carotid arterial wall elasticity in subjects with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A potential marker of early-stage atherosclerosis.
Neurobrucellosis associated with syndrome of inappropriate antidiuretic hormone with resultant diabetes insipidus and hypothyroidism.
Management of diabetes mellitus in chronic kidney disease.
Association of the hypertriglyceridemic waist phenotype and type 2 diabetes mellitus among adults in China.
Pathology of Human Coronary and Carotid Artery Atherosclerosis and Vascular Calcification in Diabetes Mellitus.
Depression and Anxiety Screens as Simultaneous Predictors of 10-Year Incidence of Diabetes Mellitus in Older Adults in Primary Care.
Information needs in people with diabetes mellitus: a systematic review.
Continuous glucose monitoring and HbA1c in the evaluation of glucose metabolism in children at high risk for type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Saxagliptin Upregulates Nesfatin-1 Secretion and Ameliorates Insulin Resistance and Metabolic Profiles in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Autologous Mesenchymal Stem Cell Transplant in Patients with Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus.
Retrospective analysis of effects of sodium-glucose co-transporter 2 inhibitor in Japanese type 2 diabetes mellitus patients with chronic kidney disease.
The risk of developing cardiovascular disease in Bangladesh: does diabetes mellitus matter? Which socioeconomic status does it impact? A cross sectional study.
Impact of Diabetes Mellitus and Insulin on Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease in the Morbidly Obese.
A longitudinal study of healthcare utilisation and expenditure in people with type 2 diabetes mellitus with and without major depressive disorder.
Experiences of College Students Who Are Newly Diagnosed With Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus.
Extent and Predictors of Poor Glycaemic Control among Elderly Pakistani Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Multi-Centre Cross-Sectional Study.
Investigating the risk of Incident diabetes mellitus among primary care patients treated with simvastatin in North-Central Trinidad.
Impact of diabetes mellitus on epithelial ovarian cancer survival.
Effect of liraglutide on cardiac function in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: randomized placebo-controlled trial.
Anterior third ventricular epidermoid presenting with diabetes insipidus.
Low hemoglobin A1c levels in a patient with diabetic ketoacidosis: Fulminant type 1 diabetes mellitus.
DM-calendar app as a diabetes self-management education on adult type 2 diabetes mellitus: a randomized controlled trial.
Prevalence, awareness, and determinants of type 2 diabetes mellitus among commercial taxi drivers in buffalo city metropolitan municipality South Africa: A cross-sectional survey.
Association of mitochondrial DNA haplogroups and vascular complications of diabetes mellitus: A population-based study.
Improvement of insulin sensitivity in response to exercise training in type 2 diabetes mellitus is associated with vascular endothelial growth factor A expression.
Isolated Langerhans cell histiocytosis of the infundibulum presenting with fulminant diabetes insipidus.
Arterial Calcification in Diabetes Mellitus: Preclinical Models and Translational Implications.
Effects of troxerutin on cognitive deficits and glutamate cysteine ligase subunits in the hippocampus of streptozotocin-induced type 1 diabetes mellitus rats.
Prevalence and Distribution of Diabetes Mellitus in a Maximum Care Hospital: Urgent Need for HbA1c-Screening.
Classical HLA alleles tag SNP in families from Antioquia with type 1 diabetes mellitus
Screening for celiac disease in poorly controlled type 2 diabetes mellitus: worth it or not?
Integral Hematologic Indices in the Evaluation of the Immunologic Reactivity of the Organism in a Patient With Complication of Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus: A Case of Diabetic Retinopathy After Autologous Mesenchymal Stem Cell Transplant.
Risk factors for new-onset diabetes mellitus after living donor kidney transplantation in Korea - a retrospective single center study.
Increased Micronuclei Frequency in Oral and Lingual Epithelium of Treated Diabetes Mellitus Patients.
Understanding childhood diabetes mellitus: new pathophysiological aspects.
[Germinoma: a rare cerebral tumor causing central diabetes insipidus in childhood].
Intracerebroventricular infusion of angiotensin AT2 receptor agonist novokinin aggravates some diabetes-mellitus-induced alterations in Wistar rats.
Revascularization Trends in Patients With Diabetes Mellitus and Multivessel Coronary Artery Disease Presenting With Non-ST Elevation Myocardial Infarction: Insights From the National Cardiovascular Data Registry Acute Coronary Treatment and Intervention Outcomes Network Registry-Get with the Guidelines (NCDR ACTION Registry-GWTG).
Which factors determine exocrine pancreatic dysfunction in diabetes mellitus?
Quantitative bias analysis of the association of type 2 diabetes mellitus with 2,2',4,4',5,5'-hexachlorobiphenyl (PCB-153).
[Role of the enterocyte in type 2 diabetes mellitus associated dyslipidemia].
A Prospective Cohort Study in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus for Validation of Biomarkers (PROVALID) - Study Design and Baseline Characteristics.
Rationale and design of the CAROLINA® - cognition substudy: a randomised controlled trial on cognitive outcomes of linagliptin versus glimepiride in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Type 1 diabetes mellitus and risk of incident epilepsy: a population-based, open-cohort study.
Diabetes mellitus statistics on prevalence and mortality: facts and fallacies.
Causes and Follow-Up of Central Diabetes Insipidus in Children.
Effect of Once-Weekly Exenatide on Clinical Outcomes According to Baseline Risk in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: Insights From the EXSCEL Trial.
Favorable cardiovascular risk factor profile is associated with lower healthcare expenditure and resource utilization among adults with diabetes mellitus free of established cardiovascular disease: 2012 Medical Expenditure Panel Survey (MEPS).
Association between refill adherence to lipid-lowering medications and the risk of cardiovascular disease and mortality in Swedish patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a nationwide cohort study.
A Predictive Metabolic Signature for the Transition From Gestational Diabetes Mellitus to Type 2 Diabetes.
Circadian clock genes and myocardial infarction in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Gender-dependent association of diabetes mellitus with mortality in patients undergoing transcatheter aortic valve replacement.
<i>MAFA</i> missense mutation causes familial insulinomatosis and diabetes mellitus.
Depression and related risk factors among patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus, Jazan area, KSA: A cross-sectional study.
Development of predictive risk models for major adverse cardiovascular events among patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus using health insurance claims data.
Association between type 1 diabetes mellitus and risk of epilepsy: A meta-analysis of observational studies.
Remission of type 2 diabetes mellitus after bariatric surgery - comparison between procedures.
One year clinical outcomes in patients with insulin-treated diabetes mellitus and non-insulin-treated diabetes mellitus compared to non-diabetics after deployment of the bio-engineered COMBO stent.
A murine model of type 2 diabetes mellitus developed using a combination of high fat diet and multiple low doses of streptozotocin treatment mimics the metabolic characteristics of type 2 diabetes mellitus in humans.
Time- and Dose-Dependent Association of Statin Use With Risk of Clinically Relevant New-Onset Diabetes Mellitus in Primary Prevention: A Nationwide Observational Cohort Study.
P2Y12 shRNA treatment decreases SGC activation to relieve diabetic neuropathic pain in type 2 diabetes mellitus rats.
The influence of the telomere-telomerase system on diabetes mellitus and its vascular complications.
[Incidence and clinical risk factors for the development of diabetes mellitus in women with previous gestational diabetes].
The Screening and Prevention of Diabetes Mellitus.
Efficacy of different antidiabetic drugs based on metformin in the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus: A network meta-analysis involving eight eligible randomized-controlled trials.
Diabetes mellitus and arthritis: is it a risk factor or comorbidity?: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
The Use of a Pre-operative Carbohydrate Drink in Patients with Diabetes Mellitus: A Prospective, Non-inferiority, Cohort Study.
Impact of socio-demographic characteristics and long-term complications on quality of life in patients with diabetes mellitus.
Randomized Trial of the Effects of Insulin and Metformin on Myocardial Injury and Stress in Diabetes Mellitus: A Post Hoc Exploratory Analysis.
Obesity and the prevalence of nocturia in Japanese elderly patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: The Dogo study.
The effects of alcohol on plasma lipid mediators of inflammation resolution in patients with Type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Prevalence and associated factors of diabetes mellitus among tuberculosis patients in Hanoi, Vietnam.
Safety and effectiveness of tofogliflozin in elderly Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A subanalysis of a post-marketing study (J-STEP/EL Study).
Maternal Gestational Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1 Diabetes, and Type 2 Diabetes During Pregnancy and Risk of ADHD in Offspring.
Complications of type 2 diabetes mellitus in Ramallah and al-Bireh: The Palestinian Diabetes Complications and Control Study (PDCCS).
Effectiveness of resistance exercise compared to aerobic exercise without insulin therapy in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis.
Fracture Risk Assessment in Patients With Diabetes Mellitus.
rs10767664 Gene Variant in Brain-Derived Neurotrophic Factor Is Associated with Diabetes Mellitus Type 2 in Caucasian Females with Obesity.
The effect of a novel probiotic on metabolic biomarkers in adults with prediabetes and recently diagnosed type 2 diabetes mellitus: study protocol for a randomized controlled trial.
Garcinia kola aqueous suspension prevents cerebellar neurodegeneration in long-term diabetic rat - a type 1 diabetes mellitus model.
Higher direct bilirubin levels during mid-pregnancy are associated with lower risk of gestational diabetes mellitus.
The prevalence and determinants of hypothyroidism in hospitalized patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Inverse association of light-to-moderate alcohol drinking with cardiometabolic index in men with diabetes mellitus.
Decreased Prevalence of Diabetes Mellitus in Jamaica.
Acute Sheehan's syndrome presenting as central diabetes insipidus.
Exploring effects of self-management on glycemic control using a modified information-motivation-behavioral skills model in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients in Shanghai, China: A cross-sectional study.
[SKIN PATHOLOGY IN DIABETES MELLITUS: CLINICAL AND PATHOPHYSIOLOGICAL CORRELATIONS (REVIEW)].
Association between diabetes mellitus and depressive symptoms in the Brazilian population.
Serum Levels of Incretin Hormones - GLP-1 and GIP in Patients with Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus.
How does empagliflozin improve arterial stiffness in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus? Sub analysis of a clinical trial.
Prevalence of prediabetes and diabetes mellitus among adults residing in Cameroon: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Type 2 diabetes mellitus, insulin resistance and hepatocellular carcinoma in chronic hepatitis C patients. <i>Data from Northeastern Hungary</i>].
The Development of a Diabetes Application for Patients With Poorly Controlled Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Do We Need a Patient-Centered Target for Systolic Blood Pressure in Hypertensive Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus?
Sheehan's syndrome with central diabetes insipidus.
Comparison of angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors and angiotensin II receptor blockers in patients with diabetes mellitus and non-ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction who underwent successful percutaneous coronary intervention.
Safety and efficacy assessment of a GLP-1 mimetic: insulin glargine combination for treatment of feline diabetes mellitus.
[Pathologies of the musculoskeletal system in diabetes mellitus].
A shared comparison of diabetes mellitus and neurodegenerative disorders.
Efficacy and safety of alirocumab in individuals with type 2 diabetes mellitus with or without mixed dyslipidaemia: Analysis of the ODYSSEY LONG TERM trial.
Real-world antidiabetic drug use and fracture risk in 12,277 patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a nested case-control study.
Protective effects of glucagon-like peptide-1 on cardiac remodeling by inhibiting oxidative stress through mammalian target of rapamycin complex 1/p70 ribosomal protein S6 kinase pathway in diabetes mellitus.
Intracranial calcification in central diabetes insipidus.
Molecular pathways associated with oxidative stress in diabetes mellitus.
Plant-based Diet for HbA1c Reduction in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: an Evidence-based Case Report.
Comparison of the impact of human vs analogue insulins on glycosylated haemoglobin in a population with diabetes mellitus.
Type 2 diabetes mellitus in Pakistan: Current prevalence and future forecast.
Fertility treatment and childhood type 1 diabetes mellitus: a nationwide cohort study of 565,116 live births.
Association between telomere length and diabetes mellitus: A meta-analysis.
Prevalence and determinants of diabetes distress in patients of diabetes mellitus in a tertiary care centre.
Association of RETN C-420G single nucleotide polymorphism with type 2 diabetes mellitus in Pakistani Punjabi Rajput population.
Health-related quality of life in diabetes mellitus and its social, demographic and clinical determinants: A nationwide cross-sectional survey.
Impact of diabetes mellitus on the contractile properties of the left and right atrial myofilaments.
Acute circulatory complications in people with diabetes mellitus type 2: How admission varies between urban and rural Victoria.
Modulating impacts of quercetin/sitagliptin combination on streptozotocin-induced diabetes mellitus in rats.
Should the last be first? Questions and dilemmas regarding early short-term insulin treatment in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Challenges in the classification and management of Asian youth-onset diabetes mellitus- lessons learned from a single centre study.
Oxidative stress and inflammation, two features associated with a high percentage body fat, and that may lead to diabetes mellitus and metabolic syndrome.
Effects of aspirin in combination with EPA and DHA on HDL-C cholesterol and ApoA1 exchange in individuals with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Ten-year risk prediction models of complications and mortality of Chinese patients with diabetes mellitus in primary care in Hong Kong: a study protocol.
Effect of Laparoscopic Sleeve Gastrectomy on Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in Patients with Body Mass Index less than 30 kg/m<sup>2</sup>.
IMPROVEMENT OF TREATMENT IN PERSONS WITH ARTERIAL HYPERTENSION AND TYPE 2 DIABETES MELLITUS.
Predictive Factors for Differentiating Pancreatic Cancer-Associated Diabetes Mellitus from Common Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus for the Early Detection of Pancreatic Cancer.
Effects of ethanol extract of propolis on histopathological changes and anti-oxidant defense of kidney in a rat model for type 1 diabetes mellitus.
The influence of ICAM1 rs5498 on diabetes mellitus risk: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Pheochromocytoma presenting as diabetes insipidus.
Unmasking of undiagnosed pre-existing central diabetes insipidus after renal transplantation.
Incidence, prevalence and genetic determinants of neonatal diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis protocol.
Serum Branched Chain Amino Acids Are Associated with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in Jordan.
A novel contiguous gene deletion of AVPR2 and ARHGAP4 genes in male dizygotic twins with nephrogenic diabetes insipidus and intellectual disability.
Foot Kinetic and Kinematic Profile in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus with Peripheral Neuropathy <sub>A Hospital-Based Study from South India</sub>.
Effects of Mindfulness on Diabetes Mellitus: Rationale and Overview.
Comparisons of changes in the adapted diabetes complications severity index and CHA2DS2-VASc score for atrial fibrillation risk stratification in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A nationwide cohort study.
The shifting paradigm in the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus-A cardiologist's perspective.
Cardiovascular benefits and safety of non-insulin medications used in the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Should adults with diabetes mellitus be vaccinated against hepatitis B virus? A systematic review of diabetes mellitus and the progression of hepatitis B disease.
Risk factors for diabetes mellitus among adult residents of a rural District in Southern Nigeria: Implications for prevention and control.
Effective Implementation of Peri-operative Local Guidelines for Metabolic Surgery in Patients with Diabetes Mellitus in a Tier 4 Setting Demonstrate Improved Work Efficiency and Resource Allocation.
Therapeutic options to reduce advanced glycation end products in patients with diabetes mellitus: A review.
Evaluation of psychological characteristics of Turkish children with type 1 diabetes mellitus from two demographically and geographically distinct regions.
Adding exercise to usual care in patients with hypertension, type 2 diabetes mellitus and/or cardiovascular disease: a protocol for a systematic review with meta-analysis and trial sequential analysis.
Serum creatinine levels and risk of incident type 2 diabetes mellitus or dysglycemia in middle-aged Japanese men: a retrospective cohort study.
Comment to 'Regarding "Diabetes mellitus increases the risk of ruptured abdominal aortic aneurysms"'.
Efficacy and safety of teneligliptin added to canagliflozin monotherapy in Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A multicentre, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel-group comparative study.
Copper in Diabetes Mellitus: a Meta-Analysis and Systematic Review of Plasma and Serum Studies.
Latent autoimmune diabetes of adulthood: case report.
Association of statins with diabetes mellitus and diabetic complications: role of confounders during follow-up.
Identification, characterization and rescue of a novel vasopressin-2 receptor mutation causing nephrogenic diabetes insipidus.
The association of two common polymorphisms in miRNAs with diabetes mellitus: A meta-analysis.
Status of Serum and Salivary Levels of Superoxide Dismutase in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus with Oral Manifestations: A Case Control Study.
Evaluation of the role of left atrial strain using two-dimensional speckle tracking echocardiography in patients with diabetes mellitus and heart failure with preserved left ventricular ejection fraction.
Impact of type 2 diabetes mellitus on recurrent myocardial infarction in China.
A Turkish girl with H syndrome: stunted growth and development of autoimmune insulin dependent diabetes mellitus in the 6th year of diagnosis.
Development and characterization of late-stage diabetes mellitus and -associated vascular complications.
Nephrogenic diabetes insipidus with idiopathic Fanconi's syndrome in a child who presented as vitamin D resistant rickets.
The Role of Diabetes Mellitus in Sexual and Reproductive Health: An Overview of Pathogenesis, Evaluation, and Management.
Metformin and ascorbic acid combination therapy ameliorates type 2 diabetes mellitus and comorbid depression in rats.
The level of knowledge and attitude on insulin therapy in patients with diabetes mellitus in a teaching hospital of Southern India.
The association between Diabetes mellitus and Depression.
Prevalence of type 2 diabetes mellitus among hepatitis C virus-infected patients: a protocol for systematic review and meta-analysis.
Circulating microRNAs and diabetes mellitus: a novel tool for disease prediction, diagnosis, and staging?
[Establishment of rat model with diabetes mellitus and concomitant periodontitis and the carotid artery lesions in the model rats].
Adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder require specific support from healthcare professionals.
Placental Expression of Glucose Transporter Proteins in Pregnancies Complicated by Gestational and Pregestational Diabetes Mellitus.
Anti-islet Cell Antibodies in a Sample of Egyptian Females with Gestational Diabetes and its Relation to Development of Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus.
Long-Term Prognostic Value of Coronary CT Angiography in Asymptomatic Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
The effect of Liuwei Dihuang decoction on PI3K/Akt signaling pathway in liver of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) rats with insulin resistance.
Clinical Update: Cardiovascular Disease in Diabetes Mellitus: Atherosclerotic Cardiovascular Disease and Heart Failure in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus - Mechanisms, Management, and Clinical Considerations.
Fine-tuning of microRNAs in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Prevalence and risk factors for diabetes mellitus among adults in Ghana: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Physical inactivity as risk factor for mortality by diabetes mellitus in Brazil in 1990, 2006, and 2016.
Effects of black seed (Nigella sativa) on metabolic parameters in diabetes mellitus: a systematic review.
Ankle-brachial index and incident diabetes mellitus: the atherosclerosis risk in communities (ARIC) study.
Acute myeloid leukemia with monosomy 7, ectopic virus integration site-1 overexpression and central diabetes insipidus: A case report.
ACOG Practice Bulletin No. 201 Summary: Pregestational Diabetes Mellitus.
Prevalence of depression in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus in Spain (the DIADEMA Study) : results from the MADIABETES cohort.
Glucose-lowering therapy and cardiovascular outcomes in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus and acute coronary syndrome.
Metformin, sitagliptin, and liraglutide modulate serum retinol-binding protein-4 level and adipocytokine production in type 2 diabetes mellitus rat model.
Occupational chemical exposure and diabetes mellitus risk.
The impact of Diabetes Mellitus on Lower urinary tract symptoms (LUTS) in both male and female patients.
Prevalence and association of clinical characteristics and biochemical factors with complications of diabetes mellitus in Palestinians treated in primary healthcare practice.
Cost-effectiveness analysis of real-time continuous monitoring glucose compared to self-monitoring of blood glucose for diabetes mellitus in Spain.
Construction of competitive endogenous RNA network reveals regulatory role of long non-coding RNAs in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Paradoxical hyponatremia and polyurodipsia in a patient with lithium-induced nephrogenic diabetes insipidus.
Lipoprotein(a) concentrations, apolipoprotein(a) isoforms and clinical endpoints in haemodialysis patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: results from the 4D Study.
Urinary metabolomics study on the protective role of Orthosiphon stamineus in Streptozotocin induced diabetes mellitus in rats via <sup>1</sup>H NMR spectroscopy.
The water deprivation test and a potential role for the arginine vasopressin precursor copeptin to differentiate diabetes insipidus from primary polydipsia.
Accelerated executive functions decline and gray matter structural changes in middle-aged type 1 diabetes mellitus patients with proliferative retinopathy.
[Potential application of human microbiomes in the diagnosis and treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus].
THE ASSOCIATION OF DECREASED SERUM GDNF LEVEL WITH HYPERGLYCEMIA AND DEPRESSION IN TYPE 2 DIABETES MELLITUS.
Association between skeletal muscle mass to visceral fat area ratio and arterial stiffness in Chinese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Metabolomics applied to the discovery of tuberculosis and diabetes mellitus biomarkers.
Efficacy of liraglutide in treating type 2 diabetes mellitus complicated with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.
Psychological stress and type 1 diabetes mellitus: what is the link?
Glutamic Acid Decarboxylase Autoantibody-negative Slowly Progressive Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus: A Case Report and Literature Review.
Influence of antioxidants' gene variants on risk of diabetes mellitus and its complications: a systematic review.
Intensive monitoring for post-transplant diabetes mellitus and treatment with dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitor therapy.
Type 1 diabetes mellitus care and education in China: The 3C study of coverage, cost, and care in Beijing and Shantou.
Biodegradable polymer drug-eluting stents versus second-generation drug-eluting stents in patients with and without diabetes mellitus: a single-center study.
Association of thiazolidinedione with a lower risk of Parkinson's disease in a population with newly-diagnosed diabetes mellitus.
Genetic risk factors for post-transplantation diabetes mellitus in Chinese Han renal allograft recipients treated with tacrolimus.
Comparison of HbA1c levels and body mass index for prevention of diabetic kidney disease: A retrospective longitudinal study using outpatient clinical data in Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
ε3/4 genotype of the apolipoprotein E is associated with higher risk of Alzheimer's disease in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Effect of Estrogen Receptor- alpha gene polymorphism (IVS1-397 T>C) on microvascular complications of Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus.
Diabetes mellitus: The linkage between oxidative stress, inflammation, hypercoagulability and vascular complications.
Effect of Empagliflozin on Left Ventricular Mass in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Coronary Artery Disease: The EMPA-HEART CardioLink-6 Randomized Clinical Trial.
High-Density Lipoprotein Function in Cardiovascular Disease and Diabetes Mellitus.
Prevalence of type 2 diabetes mellitus among inland residents in China (2000-2014): A meta-analysis.
[Nephrogenic diabetes insipidus].
The Influence of Metformin on Serum Carbohydrate Antigen 19-9 (CA 19-9) Levels in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Patients.
Association of the consumption of common food groups and beverages with mortality from cancer, ischaemic heart disease and diabetes mellitus in Serbia, 1991-2010: an ecological study.
Betatrophin for diagnosis and prognosis of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus.
MORPHOLOGICAL AND FUNCTIONAL MYOCARDIAL ABNORMALITIES IN THE CHORNOBYL NPP ACCIDENT CLEAN-UP WORKERS OF «IODINE» PERIOD HAVING GOT TYPE 2 DIABETES MELLITUS.
Endocrine Regulator rFGF21 (Recombinant Human Fibroblast Growth Factor 21) Improves Neurological Outcomes Following Focal Ischemic Stroke of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Male Mice.
Diabetes mellitus is not independently associated with mortality in elderly patients with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction. Insights from the Codi Infart registry.
Hypertension with diabetes mellitus: significance from an epidemiological perspective for Japanese.
How are metabolic control targets of patients with Type 1 diabetes mellitus achieved in daily practice in the area with high diabetes prevalence?
Knowledge, attitudes, behaviours and practices towards diabetes mellitus in Kuwait.
Adenosine deaminase activity in type 2 diabetes mellitus: does it have any role?
Prevalence of serological markers for hepatitis and potential associated factors in patients with diabetes mellitus.
Association of hypoglycaemia and risk of cardiac arrhythmia in patients with diabetes mellitus: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Protective factors for diabetic retinopathy in Type 2 diabetes mellitus patients: Long duration of no less than 10 years.
Effectiveness of a multidisciplinary risk assessment and management programme-diabetes mellitus (RAMP-DM) on patient-reported outcomes.
The PPARγ2 P12A polymorphism is not associated with all-cause mortality in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
[Central diabetes insipidus as a first manifestation of lung adenocarcinoma].
Diabetes insipidus and, partially, low anxiety-related behaviour are linked to a SNP-associated vasopressin deficit in LAB mice.
Carotid and femoral atherosclerosis in antiphospholipid syndrome: Equivalent risk with diabetes mellitus in a case-control study.
Hypernatremia-associated coma caused by glucocorticoid replacement for adrenal crisis in an unrecognized central diabetes insipidus patient.
Structuring Diabetes Mellitus Care in Long-Term Nursing Home Residents.
Tanshinone I alleviates insulin resistance in type 2 diabetes mellitus rats through IRS-1 pathway.
Relationship between a fragmented QRS and microalbuminuria in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Management of Diabetes Mellitus in Normal Renal Function, Renal Dysfunction and Renal Transplant Recipients, Focusing on Glucagon-Like Peptide-1 Agonist: A Review Based upon Current Evidence.
A comparative study of the clinical profile of fibrocalculous pancreatic diabetes and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Age at menarche and the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Deoxyribonucleic acid telomere length shortening can predict the incidence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Type 2 diabetes mellitus induces congenital heart defects in murine embryos by increasing oxidative stress, endoplasmic reticulum stress, and apoptosis.
Study of Correlation between Diabetic Pulmonopathy with Serum Adiponectin Levels in Patients of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Diabetes Mellitus-Not Just Type 1 or Type 2 Anymore.
Effects of Sodium Glucose Cotransporter-2 Inhibitors on Serum Uric Acid in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Stiletto stabbing: penetrating injury to the hypothalamus with hyperacute diabetes insipidus.
Molecular clustering of patients with diabetes and pulmonary tuberculosis: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Preconception care for women with type 1 or type 2 diabetes mellitus: a mixed-methods study exploring uptake of preconception care.
HbA1c response after insulin initiation in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus in real life practice: Identifying distinct subgroups.
Global aetiology and epidemiology of type 2 diabetes mellitus and its complications.
Acute myeloid leukemia, the 3q21q26 syndrome and diabetes insipidus: a case presentation.
[A case of possible immunoglobulin G4-related disease (IgG4-RD) with retroperitoneal fibrosis and central diabetes insipidus due to infundibulohypophysitis].
[Therapy of diabetes mellitus in patients with chronic kidney disease].
Five-year incidence of common comorbidities, such as hypertension, dyslipidemia, diabetes mellitus, cardiovascular disease, cerebrovascular disease and cancer, in older Japanese patients with rheumatoid arthritis.
Changes in Activity of Matrix Metalloproteinases and Serum Concentrations of Proinsulin and C-Peptide Depending on the Compensation Stage of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Stem Cell Therapy and Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus: Treatment Strategies and Future Perspectives.
The Impact of Comorbidities on the Pharmacological Management of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Thyroid Dysfunction in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Patients.
Development of diabetes does not alter behavioral and molecular circadian rhythms in a transgenic rat model of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Cutaneous Manifestations of Diabetes Mellitus: A Review.
Diabetes mellitus is associated with adverse structural and functional cardiac remodelling in chronic heart failure with reduced ejection fraction.
Prenatal exposure to gestational diabetes mellitus as an independent risk factor for long-term neuropsychiatric morbidity of the offspring.
Hydroxychloroquine reduces risk of incident diabetes mellitus in lupus patients in a dose-dependent manner: a population-based cohort study.
The effect of n-3 PUFAs on circulating adiponectin and leptin in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Association of characteristics of people with type 2 diabetes mellitus with discordant values of fasting glucose and HbA1c.
Comparing the inflammatory profiles for incidence of diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular diseases: a prospective study exploring the 'common soil' hypothesis.
Use of Mixed Methods Research in Research on Coronary Artery Disease, Diabetes Mellitus, and Hypertension: A Scoping Review.
Glutathione S-transferase genes and the risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus: Role of sexual dimorphism, gene-gene and gene-smoking interactions in disease susceptibility.
Assessing electronic health record phenotypes against gold-standard diagnostic criteria for diabetes mellitus.
Association of Mannose-Binding Lectin rs1800450 and Tumor Necrotic Factor-α rs1800620 Polymorphism with Helicobacter pylori in Type II Diabetes Mellitus.
Incidence and clinical outcomes of diabetes mellitus in HIV-infected adults in Thailand: a retrospective cohort study.
Diabetes mellitus in complex older patients.
Effect of renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system blockade in adults with diabetes mellitus and advanced chronic kidney disease not on dialysis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Advanced glycation end products, measured in skin, vs. HbA1c in children with type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Wilms tumor arising in a child with X-linked nephrogenic diabetes insipidus.
Dysregulation of PI3K-Akt-mTOR pathway in brain of streptozotocin-induced type 2 diabetes mellitus in Wistar rats.
Progranulin Deficient Mice Develop Nephrogenic Diabetes Insipidus.
Antenatal Bartter syndrome resembling nephrogenic diabetes insipidus in a 5-year-old boy.
Japanese study of tofogliflozin with type 2 diabetes mellitus patients in an observational study of the elderly (J-STEP/EL): A 12-week interim analysis.
Effects of exercise training on inflammasome-related mediators and their associations to glucometabolic variables in patients with combined coronary artery disease and type 2 diabetes mellitus: Sub-study of a randomized control trial.
The Role of Epigenetic Changes in The Development of Diabetes Mellitus.
Maternal diabetes mellitus and timing of pubertal development in daughters and sons: a nationwide cohort study.
The 2016 global and national burden of diabetes mellitus attributable to PM<sub>2·5</sub> air pollution.
Diabetes Mellitus: Preoperative Concerns and Evaluation.
Factors associated with glycemic status and ability to adapt to changing demands in people with and without type 2 diabetes mellitus: A cross-sectional study.
Response to a Supervised Structured Aerobic Exercise Training Program in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus - Does Gender Make a Difference? A Randomized Controlled Clinical Trial.
Diabetes insipidus induced by suspected eosinophilic granulomatous with polyangiitis.
Telemedicine consultation for patients with diabetes mellitus: a cluster randomised controlled trial.
Quality assessment of clinical practice guidelines for management of type 2 diabetes mellitus: Assessment of type 2 diabetes mellitus guidelines.
Post-transcriptional markers associated with clinical complications in Type 1 and Type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Range of Risk Factor Levels: Control, Mortality, and Cardiovascular Outcomes in Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus.
Translating the Potential of Stem Cells for Diabetes Mellitus: Challenges and Opportunities.
Targeting pancreatic expressed PAX genes for the treatment of diabetes mellitus and pancreatic neuroendocrine tumors.
Cost-effectiveness analysis of sensor-augmented pump therapy with low glucose-suspend in patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus and high risk of hypoglycemia in Spain.
Type 2 diabetes mellitus increases the risk of hepatocellular carcinoma in subjects with chronic hepatitis B virus infection: a meta-analysis and systematic review.
Mild to moderate chronic kidney disease and cardiovascular events in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Periodontal Therapy for Improving Lipid Profiles in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
[Diabetes insipidus revealing chronic myelomonocytic leukemia].
Emerging role of chemokine CC motif ligand 4 related mechanisms in diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease: friends or foes?
Prognosis of Ischemic Stroke With Newly Diagnosed Diabetes Mellitus According to Hemoglobin A1c Criteria in Chinese Population.
Worse cardiac remodeling in response to pressure overload in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
[Evaluation and perioperative management of patients with diabetes mellitus. A challenge for the anesthesiologist].
[Nephrogenic diabetes insipidus].
Glycemic Control for Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: Our Evolving Faith in the Face of Evidence.
Does sleep duration, napping, and social jetlag predict hemoglobin A1c among college students with type 1 diabetes mellitus?
Role of DNA repair genes XRCC3 and XRCC1 in predisposition to type 2 diabetes mellitus and diabetic nephropathy.
[Diabetes insipidus and pregnancy].
A mixed-methods needs assessment of adult diabetes mellitus (type II) and hypertension care in Toledo, Belize.
Detection of platelet microRNA expression in patients with diabetes mellitus with or without ischemic stroke.
Desmopressin orally disintegrating tablet in Japanese patients with central diabetes insipidus: a retrospective study of switching from intranasal desmopressin.
Genoa syndrome and central diabetes insipidus: a case report.
Apoptosis in pancreatic β-cells is induced by arsenic and atorvastatin in Wistar rats with diabetes mellitus type 2.
Long-term safety and efficacy of a novel once-weekly oral trelagliptin as monotherapy or in combination with an existing oral antidiabetic drug in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A 52-week open-label, phase 3 study.
Dexmedetomidine restores autophagy and cardiac dysfunction in rats with streptozotocin-induced diabetes mellitus.
Iron status and its association with HbA1c levels in Dutch children with diabetes mellitus type 1.
Assessing Diabetes Distress Among Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in Malaysia Using the Problem Areas in Diabetes Scale.
Impact of Anthracyclines on Diabetes Mellitus Development in B-Cell Lymphoma Patients: A Nationwide Population-based Study.
Identification and characterization of a novel X-linked AVPR2 mutation causing partial nephrogenic diabetes insipidus: a case report and review of the literature.
Type 2 diabetes mellitus prevalence between 2005 and 2018 in population under 30 using data from the Ministry of Health of Peru.
Platelet indices and glucose control in type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus: A case-control study.
[Confocal microscope examination of the corneal nerve plexus as biomarker for systemic diseases : View from the corneal nerve plexus on diabetes mellitus disease].
Diagnosed diabetes mellitus and in-hospital stroke mortality in a major sub-Saharan African urban medical unit.
Herbal medicine use among Type 2 diabetes mellitus patients in Nigeria: understanding the magnitude and predictors of use.
Acute myeloid leukemia with diabetes insipidus and hypophyseal infiltration.
Intuitive eating is associated with improved health indicators at 1-year postpartum in women with gestational diabetes mellitus.
Metformin use and health care utilization in patients with coexisting chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and diabetes mellitus.
Assessment of Factors Related to the Understanding of Education and Knowledge of Self-Care among Patients with Diabetes Mellitus: A Cross-Sectional Prospective Study.
The link between personality dimensions and pain perception in patients with diabetes mellitus or cancer.
Prevalence, diagnosis, and management of diabetes mellitus among older Chinese: results from the China Health and Retirement Longitudinal Study.
Eicosapentaenoic and Docosahexaenoic Acids Attenuate Progression of Albuminuria in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Coronary Artery Disease.
[Mutations in the arginine vasopressin neurophysin-II gene in familial neurohypophyseal diabetes insipidus patients].
Knowledge, Attitude, and Practice Related to Diabetes Mellitus Among Diabetics and Nondiabetics Visiting Homeopathic Hospitals in West Bengal, India.
Biochemical bone turnover markers in diabetes mellitus - A systematic review.
Impact of clinic follow-up visits on body weight control in people with prediabetes or diabetes mellitus: Japanese nonelderly cohort study.
Prevalence of peripheral arterial disease among type 2 diabetes mellitus in coastal Karnataka.
Dyslipidaemia as a risk factor for erectile dysfunction in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients.
Genetic confirmation of T2DM meta-analysis variants studied in gestational diabetes mellitus in an Indian population.
Novel autosomal recessive gene mutations in aquaporin-2 in two Chinese congenital nephrogenic diabetes insipidus pedigrees.
Lactation and progression to type 2 diabetes in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus: A systematic review and meta-analysis of cohort studies.
IgG4-related hypophysitis presenting as diabetes insipidus with tubulo-interstital nephritis and mediastinal lymphadenopathy.
Fear of Falling and Balance Confidence in Older Adults With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Scoping Review.
[Exosomes and their roles in diabetes mellitus and its complications: from pathogenic, diagnostic and therapeutical perspectives].
Diabetes Mellitus Type Has Impact on Cutaneous Silent Period.
ACE2 polymorphisms associated with cardiovascular risk in Uygurs with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Microcystis bloom containing microcystin-LR induces type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus and Cognitive Impairments: A Systematic Review.
The impact of prenatal parental tobacco smoking on risk of diabetes mellitus in middle-aged women.
Uric acid and diabetes risk among Chinese women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus.
Type of Diabetes Mellitus Has Influence on Electrophysiological Parameters.
Current status of managing diabetes mellitus in Korea.
Frailty and Sarcopenia as Predictors of Adverse Health Outcomes in Persons With Diabetes Mellitus.
Acute myeloid leukemia with monosomy 20 and diabetes insipidus: a possible novel association.
Central diabetes insipidus, central hypothyroidism, renal tubular acidosis and dandy-walker syndrome: new associations.
A Case of IgG4-Related Hypophysitis Presented with Hypopituitarism and Diabetes Insipidus.
The Role of DPP-4 Inhibitors in the Treatment Algorithm of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: When to Select, What to Expect.
Association between Disturbances in Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Metabolism and Development of Oxidative Stress during Experimental Diabetes Mellitus.
Association of Dental Caries, Retained Roots, and Missing Teeth with Physical Status, Diabetes Mellitus and Hypertension in Women of the Reproductive Age.
The association between serum uric acid and the incidence of prediabetes and type 2 diabetes mellitus: The Rotterdam Study.
Ketosis-prone diabetes mellitus in an obese adolescent: A case report.
Circulating betatrophin in relation to metabolic, inflammatory parameters, and oxidative stress in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Diabetes-Induced Jagged1 Overexpression in Endothelial Cells Causes Retinal Capillary Regression in a Murine Model of Diabetes Mellitus: Insights Into Diabetic Retinopathy.
Association of Glycemic Status with Bone Turnover Markers in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Treatment of Diabetes Mellitus Using iPS Cells and Spice Polyphenols.
SIRT6 expression and oxidative DNA damage in individuals with prediabetes and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Mechanisms underlying progressive polyuria in familial neurohypophysial diabetes insipidus.
Evaluation of the Association between Gestational Diabetes Mellitus at First Pregnancy and Cancer within 10 Years Postpartum Using National Health Insurance Data in South Korea.
Associations between long-term exposure to air pollution, glycosylated hemoglobin, fasting blood glucose and diabetes mellitus in northern France.
Type 1 diabetes mellitus induces structural changes and molecular remodelling in the rat kidney.
Personalized medicine in diabetes mellitus: current opportunities and future prospects.
Alirocumab safety in people with and without diabetes mellitus: pooled data from 14 ODYSSEY trials.
Comparison of effects of anagliptin and alogliptin on serum lipid profile in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients.
Monocyte to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol ratio in patients with diabetes mellitus and diabetic nephropathy.
Predictive biomarkers for type 2 of diabetes mellitus: Bridging the gap between systems research and personalized medicine.
High Prevalence of Polycystic Ovary Syndrome in Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus Adolescents: Is There a Difference Depending on the NIH and Rotterdam Criteria?
Diabetes mellitus as a risk factor for incident chronic kidney disease and end-stage renal disease in women compared with men: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Inadequate pre-operative glycaemic control in patients with diabetes mellitus adversely influences functional recovery after total knee arthroplasty : Patients with impaired glycaemic control exhibit poorer functional outcomes at 1-year post-arthroplasty.
Vanadium in Biological Action: Chemical, Pharmacological Aspects, and Metabolic Implications in Diabetes Mellitus.
The prevalence of IgG4-related hypophysitis in 170 consecutive patients with hypopituitarism and/or central diabetes insipidus and review of the literature.
Endothelial dysfunction and platelet hyperactivity in type 2 diabetes mellitus: molecular insights and therapeutic strategies.
Hemoglobin glycation index predicts cardiovascular disease in people with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A 10-year longitudinal cohort study.
Teleconsultation in type 1 diabetes mellitus (TELEDIABE).
Serum klotho protein levels and their correlations with the progression of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
The Relationship between Diabetes Mellitus and Respiratory Function in Patients Eligible for Coronary Artery Bypass Grafting.
Polyuria due to central diabetes insipidus presenting as an early manifestation of acute myeloid leukemia.
Diabetes Mellitus Care Provided by Nurse Practitioners vs Primary Care Physicians.
Efficacy and Safety of Insulin Glargine 300 U/mL versus 100 U/mL in Diabetes Mellitus: A Comprehensive Review of the Literature.
Benefit of Adding Ezetimibe to Statin Therapy on Cardiovascular Outcomes and Safety in Patients With Versus Without Diabetes Mellitus: Results From IMPROVE-IT (Improved Reduction of Outcomes: Vytorin Efficacy International Trial).
Association between interferon-induced helicase (IFIH1) rs1990760 polymorphism and seasonal variation in the onset of type 1 diabetes mellitus.
X-ray structure of human aquaporin 2 and its implications for nephrogenic diabetes insipidus and trafficking.
Prevalence and prevention of cardiovascular disease and diabetes mellitus.
Contribution of family social support to the metabolic control of people with diabetes mellitus: A randomized controlled clinical trial.
Diabetes mellitus and chronic kidney disease in the Eastern Mediterranean Region: findings from the Global Burden of Disease 2015 study.
Minocycline reduces mechanical allodynia and depressive-like behaviour in type-1 diabetes mellitus in the rat.
Association analysis of calpain 10 gene variants/haplotypes with gestational diabetes mellitus among Mexican women.
Artificially sweetened beverages, sugar-sweetened beverages, plain water, and incident diabetes mellitus in postmenopausal women: the prospective Women's Health Initiative observational study.
What information needs do people with recently diagnosed diabetes mellitus have and what are the associated factors? A cross-sectional study in Germany.
Prospective study of the impact of diabetes mellitus newly diagnosed by glycated hemoglobin on outcomes in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention.
Atherogenic Index of Plasma is Associated with Body Fat Level in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Patients.
Effects of glucose control on arterial stiffness in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus and hypertension: An observational study.
Thiazide diuretic prophylaxis for kidney stones and the risk of diabetes mellitus.
Prescription of oral hypoglycemic agents for patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A retrospective cohort study using a Japanese hospital database.
Increasing risk of diabetes mellitus in postmenopausal women with newly diagnosed primary breast cancer.
Use of non-vitamin K oral anticoagulants in people with atrial fibrillation and diabetes mellitus.
High-sensitivity C-reactive protein, low-grade systemic inflammation and type 2 diabetes mellitus: A two-sample Mendelian randomization study.
[Effect of metabolic uncontrolled diabetes mellitus (DM) on the resistance index of renal (IR) Interlobar arteries assessed with pulsed Doppler].
Mortality risk in post-transplantation diabetes mellitus based on glucose and HbA1c diagnostic criteria.
Glycaemic, weight, and blood pressure changes associated with early versus later treatment intensification with dapagliflozin in United Kingdom primary care patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
8-Oxo-7,8-Dihydro-2'-Deoxyguanosine (8-oxodG) and 8-Hydroxy-2'-Deoxyguanosine (8-OHdG) as a Potential Biomarker for Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) Development.
Family history of diabetes and the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus in Iran: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of management in gestational diabetes mellitus with normal prepregnancy body mass index on pregnancy outcomes and placental ultrastructures: a prospective cohort study.
Therapeutic inertia and intensified treatment in diabetes mellitus prescription patterns: A nationwide population-based study in Taiwan.
Hypertension control after an initial cardiac event among Medicare patients with diabetes mellitus: A multidisciplinary group practice observational study.
Frequency of putative periodontal pathogens among type 1 diabetes mellitus: a case-control study.
Insulin-associated weight gain in obese type 2 diabetes mellitus patients: What can be done?
Diabetes mellitus increases the risk of intrahepatic recurrence of hepatocellular carcinoma after surgical resection.
Diabetes insipidus.
Estimation of salivary and serum alkaline phosphatase level as a diagnostic marker in type-2 diabetes mellitus with periodontal health and disease: A clinico-biochemical study.
Clustering of microvascular complications in Type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Depression and Associated Factors in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
The ratio of serum n-3 to n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids is associated with diabetes mellitus in patients with prior myocardial infarction: a multicenter cross-sectional study.
Clinical factors associated with the recovery of cardiovascular autonomic neuropathy in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Cataract surgery in diabetes mellitus: A systematic review.
Clinical Validation of the Indicators and Definitions of the Nursing Outcome "Tissue Integrity: Skin and Mucous Membranes" in People With Diabetes Mellitus.
SUSPECTED ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIO-ECONOMIC CAUSES OF DIABETES MELLITUS AND ASSOCIATED OCULAR COMPLICATIONS IN THE SUMY REGION, UKRAINE, FOR THE PERIOD OF 2011-2016.
Human Mesenchymal Stem Cell Derived Exosomes Alleviate Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus by Reversing Peripheral Insulin Resistance and Relieving β-Cell Destruction.
Role of B-Type Natriuretic Peptide and N-Terminal Prohormone BNP as Predictors of Cardiovascular Morbidity and Mortality in Patients With a Recent Coronary Event and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Effect of Sodium-Glucose Cotransport-2 Inhibitors on Blood Pressure in People With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of 43 Randomized Control Trials With 22 528 Patients.
The role of vitamin D, obesity and physical exercise in regulation of glycemia in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus patients.
The effect of hydroalcoholic Saffron (Crocus sativus L.) extract on fasting plasma glucose, HbA1c, lipid profile, liver, and renal function tests in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A randomized double-blind clinical trial.
Associations of Early Kidney Disease With Brain Magnetic Resonance Imaging and Cognitive Function in African Americans With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Diabetes insipidus, bone lesions, and new-onset red-brown papules in a 42-year-old man.
Increased prevalence of disordered eating in the dual diagnosis of type 1 diabetes mellitus and celiac disease.
Associations between Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Arterial Stiffness: A Prospective Analysis Based on the Maine-Syracuse Study.
Patient engagement impacts glycemic management with vildagliptin and vildagliptin/metformin (single pill) regimens in type 2 diabetes mellitus (the GLORIOUS study).
Effect of Behavioral Intervention on Dilated Fundus Examination Rates in Older African American Individuals With Diabetes Mellitus: A Randomized Clinical Trial.
Development of a Novel Zebrafish Model for Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Effects of blood-pressure-lowering treatment on outcome incidence in hypertension: 10 - Should blood pressure management differ in hypertensive patients with and without diabetes mellitus? Overview and meta-analyses of randomized trials.
Four Japanese Patients with Congenital Nephrogenic Diabetes Insipidus due to the <i>AVPR2</i> Mutations.
A new stable GIP-Oxyntomodulin hybrid peptide improved bone strength both at the organ and tissue levels in genetically-inherited type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Prevalence of oral Candida colonization in patients with diabetes mellitus.
Prevalence of auto-antibodies against D-ribose-glycated-hemoglobin in diabetes mellitus.
Exposure to neuroactive non-organochlorine insecticides, and diabetes mellitus and related metabolic disturbances: Protocol for a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Serial Measurement of High-Sensitivity Troponin I and Cardiovascular Outcomes in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in the EXAMINE Trial (Examination of Cardiovascular Outcomes With Alogliptin Versus Standard of Care).
Distinct clinical characteristics and therapeutic modalities for diabetic ketoacidosis in type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Self-reported adherence to diet and preferences towards type of meal plan in patient with type 2 diabetes mellitus. A cross-sectional study.
Early screening for type 2 diabetes following gestational diabetes mellitus in France: hardly any impact of the 2010 guidelines.
PARTIAL HOSPITALIZATION: AN INTERVENTION FOR YOUTH WITH POORLY CONTROLLED DIABETES MELLITUS.
Genetic Determinants of Glycemic Traits and the Risk of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.
Cost-effectiveness of controlling gestational diabetes mellitus: a systematic review.
Tamoxifen Decreases Lithium-Induced Natriuresis in Rats With Nephrogenic Diabetes Insipidus.
Body mass index is associated with type 2 diabetes mellitus in Chinese elderly.
[Factors associated with quality of life related to health in persons with Diabetes Mellitus of the University Social Work of Cordoba].
[Lymphadenopathy and diabetes insipidus - association].
Medication adherence in diabetes mellitus patients at Tanjung Karang Primary Health Care Center, Mataram.
Primary care physician perspectives on basal insulin initiation and maintenance in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Fracture risk and healthcare resource utilization and costs among osteoporosis patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus and without diabetes mellitus in Japan: retrospective analysis of a hospital claims database.
Associations Between Posttransplantation Diabetes Mellitus and Renal Graft Survival.
Diagnosis, therapy and control of diabetes mellitus in children and adolescents.
Diabetes mellitus among adult survivors of childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia: A report from the St. Jude lifetime cohort study.
Comparative Characteristics of Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Treated by Bariatric Surgery Versus Medical Treatment: a Multicentre Analysis of 277,862 Patients from the German/Austrian DPV Database.
Body-Weight Fluctuation and Incident Diabetes Mellitus, Cardiovascular Disease, and Mortality: A 16-Year Prospective Cohort Study.
The Economic Burden of Elevated Blood Glucose Levels in 2017: Diagnosed and Undiagnosed Diabetes, Gestational Diabetes Mellitus, and Prediabetes.
Heart rate variability based on risk stratification for type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Effective Universal Coverage of Diabetes Mellitus Type 2 in Chile.
TNF Receptor 1/2 Predict Heart Failure Risk in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Patients.
Predictors of quality of life among hospitalized geriatric patients with diabetes mellitus upon discharge.
Elevated baseline plasma phospholipid protein (PLTP) levels are an independent predictor of long-term all-cause mortality in patients with diabetes mellitus and known or suspected coronary artery disease.
High Glycated Albumin and Mortality in Persons with Diabetes Mellitus on Hemodialysis.
Diabetes mellitus and coronary microvascular function in asymptomatic patients with severe aortic stenosis and nonobstructed coronary arteries.
Low-density lipoprotein cholesterol level and statin use among Medicare beneficiaries with diabetes mellitus.
Fulminant type 1 diabetes mellitus with remarkable elevation of serum pancreatic enzymes.
Incidence of new-onset diabetes mellitus and association with mortality in childhood solid organ transplant recipients: a population-based study.
Do we need to screen for de-novo diabetes mellitus in chronic hepatitis C patients after a sustained virological response?
Streptozotocin produces oxidative stress, inflammation and decreases BDNF concentrations to induce apoptosis of RIN5F cells and type 2 diabetes mellitus in Wistar rats.
Evaluation of the quality of life of patients with diabetes mellitus treated with conventional or analogue insulins.
Lower Circulating Irisin Level in Patients with Diabetes Mellitus: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Neuroactive Steroids and Sex-Dimorphic Nervous Damage Induced by Diabetes Mellitus.
2-Morpholino-5-Phenyl-6H-1,3,4-Thiadiazine Corrects Metabolic Disorders during the Development of Alloxan Diabetes Mellitus in Rats.
Does Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Affect the Healing of Bell's Palsy in Adults?
Risk of congenital heart defects in offspring exposed to maternal diabetes mellitus: an updated systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diabetes mellitus is associated with dry eye syndrome: a meta-analysis.
Reversible diabetes mellitus induced by use of, and improved after discontinuation of, the antiretroviral medication zidovudine: a case report.
One-hour postload plasma glucose concentration in people with normal glucose homeostasis predicts future diabetes mellitus: a 12-year community-based cohort study.
Circular Noncoding RNA HIPK3 Mediates Retinal Vascular Dysfunction in Diabetes Mellitus.
Both pre-frailty and frailty increase healthcare utilization and adverse health outcomes in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
A survey on socioeconomic determinants of diabetes mellitus management in a lower middle income setting.
Disease characteristics and treatment of patients with diabetes mellitus attending government health services in Indonesia, Peru, Romania and South Africa.
Diabetes mellitus, prediabetes, and incidence of subclinical myocardial damage.
German Diabetes Study - Baseline data of retinal layer thickness measured by SD-OCT in early diabetes mellitus.
Knowledge, attitude and practice related to diabetes mellitus among the general public in Galle district in Southern Sri Lanka: a pilot study.
Diabetes Mellitus and Heart Failure.
Diabetes mellitus and risk of anastomotic leakage after esophagectomy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Reduced Glucose Variability With Glucose-Dependent Versus Glucose-Independent Therapies Despite Similar Glucose Control and Hypoglycemia Rates in a Randomized, Controlled Study of Older Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Transforming Growth Factor β1 in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus After Fetal Pancreatic Stem Cell Transplant.
Porcine models for studying complications and organ crosstalk in diabetes mellitus.
Effect of type 2 diabetes mellitus on flavonoid pharmacokinetics and tissue distribution after oral administration of Radix Scutellaria extract in rats.
Prognostic impact of HbA1c variability on long-term outcomes in patients with heart failure and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Effectiveness and sustainability of a structured group-based educational program (MEDIHEALTH) in improving medication adherence among Malay patients with underlying type 2 diabetes mellitus in Sarawak State of Malaysia: study protocol of a randomized controlled trial.
Current smoking is an independent risk factor for new-onset diabetes mellitus during highdose glucocorticoid treatment.
Strategy and tactics of treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Current Strategies and Drug Targets in the Management of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
A novel combination of bortezomib, lenalidomide, and clarithromycin produced stringent complete response in refractory multiple myeloma complicated with diabetes mellitus - clinical significance and possible mechanisms: a case report.
Diabetes mellitus with poor glycemic control increases bladder cancer recurrence risk in patients with upper urinary tract urothelial carcinoma.
Smoking Cessation Carries a Short-Term Rising Risk for Newly Diagnosed Diabetes Mellitus Independently of Weight Gain: A 6-Year Retrospective Cohort Study.
Relationship between religiosity, religious coping and socio-demographic variables among out-patients with depression or diabetes mellitus in Enugu, Nigeria.
Impact of diabetes education on type 1 diabetes mellitus control in children.
Effectiveness of cognitive-behavioural therapy on glycaemic control and psychological outcomes in adults with diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
[Rare genetic markers of cognitive impairment in diabetes mellitus].
Proinflammatory (CD14+CD16++) monocytes in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients with/without chronic periodontitis.
Obesity and Diabetes Mellitus Adversely Affect Outcomes after Cardiac Surgery in Children's Hospitals.
A Nonparametric Bootstrap Confidence Interval for the Prevalence of Undiagnosed Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in Hamadan, West of Iran.
The impact of forced swimming on expression of RANKL and OPG in a type 2 diabetes mellitus rat model.
Altered cerebral glucose metabolism in an animal model of diabetes insipidus: a micro-PET study.
Cutaneous Adverse Effects of Diabetes Mellitus Medications and Medical Devices: A Review.
Metformin and Risk of Hypertension in Taiwanese Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
IPEX due to an exon 7 skipping FOXP3 mutation with autoimmune diabetes mellitus cured by selective T<sub>Reg</sub> cell engraftment.
Thyroid Nodules in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Prevalence of Diabetic Nephropathy and associated risk factors among type 2 diabetes mellitus patients in Ramallah, Palestine.
Effects of Laparoscopic Roux-en-Y Gastric Bypass for Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: Comparison of BMI > 30 and < 30 kg/m<sup>2</sup>.
[Mental disorders and diabetes mellitus].
LIGHT/TNFSF14 is increased in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus and promotes islet cell dysfunction and endothelial cell inflammation in vitro.
Postabsorptive hyperglucagonemia in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus analyzed with a novel enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay.
In-hospital screening for diabetes mellitus with HbA1c in an internal medicine department was not useful; a prospective pilot study.
Personalized precision medicine in extreme preterm infants with transient neonatal diabetes mellitus.
[THE INFLUENCE OF MONO- AND MULTIVASCULAR LESIONS OF CORONARY ARTERIES ON THE COURSE OF CORONARY HEART DISEASE IN PATIENTS WITH DIABETES MELLITUS TYPE 2].
White Matter Microstructural Abnormalities in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Diffusional Kurtosis Imaging Analysis.
Efficacy and Safety of Alirocumab in Japanese Patients with Diabetes Mellitus: Post-hoc Subanalysis of ODYSSEY Japan.
Diabetes insipidus associated with propofol anesthesia.
Salivary glucose in monitoring glycaemia in patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus: a systematic review.
Minimizing tacrolimus decreases the risk of new-onset diabetes mellitus after liver transplantation.
Association of the Glycemic Fluctuation as well as Glycemic Control with the Pancreatic β-cell Function in Japanese Subjects with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Abnormalities in chromosome 6q24 as a cause of early-onset, non-obese, non-autoimmune diabetes mellitus without history of neonatal diabetes.
Hyperglycemia and diabetes mellitus are related to vestibular organs dysfunction: truth or suggestion? A literature review.
Empagliflozin on top of metformin treatment improves arterial function in patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Restless Legs Syndrome in Patients with Hypertension and Diabetes Mellitus.
Predictors of hypoglycemia in hospitalized patients with diabetes mellitus.
Age-specific impact of diabetes mellitus on the risk of cardiovascular mortality: An overview from the evidence for Cardiovascular Prevention from Observational Cohorts in the Japan Research Group (EPOCH-JAPAN).
Association between diabetes mellitus and active tuberculosis in Africa and the effect of HIV.
[Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: Is There an Advantage in Using the Current Diagnostic Criteria?]
The most effective polymorphisms of paraoxonase-1 gene on enzyme activity and concentration of paraoxonase-1 protein in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients and non-diabetic individuals: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Genetic analysis of a congenital nephrogenic diabetes insipidus pedigree.
Ly6C<sup>Hi</sup> Blood Monocyte/Macrophage Drive Chronic Inflammation and Impair Wound Healing in Diabetes Mellitus.
Material need insecurities, control of diabetes mellitus, and use of health care resources: results of the Measuring Economic Insecurity in Diabetes study.
Trends of increases in potential risk factors and prevalence rates of diabetes mellitus in Thailand.
Diabetes Mellitus Coding Training for Family Practice Residents.
Management of Diabetes Mellitus with Puerarin, a Natural Isoflavone From Pueraria lobata.
Increased epicardial adipose tissue thickness is a predictor of new-onset diabetes mellitus in patients with coronary artery disease treated with high-intensity statins.
Cardiac magnetic resonance based evaluation of aortic stiffness and epicardial fat volume in patients with hypertension, diabetes mellitus, and myocardial infarction.
Granulomatosis with polyangiitis preceded by central diabetes insipidus.
Hydrogen sulfide in the regulation of insulin secretion and insulin sensitivity: Implications for the pathogenesis and treatment of diabetes mellitus.
Impact of Diabetes Mellitus on the Association of Vascular Disease Before Transplantation With Long-term Transplant and Patient Outcomes After Kidney Transplantation: A Population Cohort Study.
Nivolumab-induced acute-onset type 1 diabetes mellitus as an immune-related adverse event: A case report.
Interactions between general and central obesity in predicting gestational diabetes mellitus in Chinese pregnant women: A prospective population-based study in Tianjin, China.
Comparisons of serum miRNA expression profiles in patients with diabetic retinopathy and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
[Chronic Heart Failure and Diabetes Mellitus: Pathogenesis and Possibilities of Treatment].
Statins and the potential for higher diabetes mellitus risk.
Dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitors-associated bullous pemphigoid: A retrospective study of 168 pemphigoid and 9,304 diabetes mellitus patients.
[Diabetes insipidus due to neurosarcoidosis].
Xanthine Oxidase Inhibitor Allopurinol Prevents Oxidative Stress-Mediated Atrial Remodeling in Alloxan-Induced Diabetes Mellitus Rabbits.
Psychiatric symptom rate of patients with Diabetes Mellitus: A case control study.
The effectiveness of self-management program for people with type 2 diabetes mellitus based on PRECEDE-PROCEDE model.
Male non-insulin users with type 2 diabetes mellitus are predisposed to gastric corpus-predominant inflammation after H. pylori infection.
Impact of overweight on left ventricular function in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Increased risk of open-angle glaucoma among patients with diabetes mellitus: a 10-year follow-up nationwide cohort study.
Alcohol consumption and prevalence of erectile dysfunction in Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: Baseline data from the Dogo Study.
The Cost of Hypoglycemia Associated With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in Taiwan.
Women with type 2 diabetes mellitus have lower cortical porosity of the proximal femoral shaft using low-resolution CT than nondiabetic women, and increasing glucose is associated with reduced cortical porosity.
The effect of Astragalus as an adjuvant treatment in type 2 diabetes mellitus: A (preliminary) meta-analysis.
Permanent neonatal diabetes mellitus - a case report of a rare cause of diabetes mellitus in East Africa.
Effect of Dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA) on Diabetes Mellitus and Obesity.
Factors Associated With Knowledge, Perception, And Practice Toward Self-Care Among Elderly Patients Suffering From Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus In Rural Thailand.
Gymnemic Acid Ameliorates Hyperglycemia through PI3K/AKT- and AMPK-Mediated Signaling Pathways in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Rats.
Type 1, type 2 and gestational diabetes mellitus differentially impact placental pathologic characteristics of uteroplacental malperfusion.
Langerhans cell histiocytosis: bilateral temporal bone involvement in an adult with diabetes insipidus.
Flushing out the truth about diabetes insipidus.
Effects of active and passive smoking on the development of cardiovascular disease as assessed by a carotid intima-media thickness examination in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Predictability of cardiorespiratory fitness on the risk of developing metabolic syndrome and diabetes mellitus in Taiwan adults: Preliminary analysis of a cohort study.
Placental protein expression of kisspeptin-1 (KISS1) and the kisspeptin-1 receptor (KISS1R) in pregnancy complicated by diabetes mellitus or preeclampsia.
A hotspots analysis-relation discovery representation model for revealing diabetes mellitus and obesity.
Angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors versus angiotensin II receptor blockers in acute ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction patients with diabetes mellitus undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention.
Genome-wide DNA methylation profiling in infants born to gestational diabetes mellitus.
Volumes of coronary plaque disease in relation to body mass index, waist circumference, truncal fat mass and epicardial adipose tissue in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus and controls.
External validation of a risk assessment model to adjust the frequency of eye-screening visits in patients with diabetes mellitus.
Prevention of chronic complications of diabetes mellitus according to complexity.
[A follow-up study on the clinical characteristics among patients with diabetes mellitus combined with acute myocardial infarction].
Predictors of vascular complications among type 2 diabetes mellitus patients at University of Gondar Referral Hospital: a retrospective follow-up study.
[The peculiar features of the microbial paysage and the problems of antibacterial therapy of the inflammatory ENT diseases in the patients presenting with diabetes mellitus].
Diabetes Mellitus and Autoimmune Hepatitis: Demographical and Clinical Description of a Relatively Rare Phenotype.
Prospective randomized study of conversion from tacrolimus to cyclosporine A to improve glucose metabolism in patients with posttransplant diabetes mellitus after renal transplantation.
Diabetes mellitus and atrial remodelling in patients with paroxysmal atrial fibrillation: Role of electroanatomical mapping and catheter ablation.
Islet protection and amelioration of type 2 diabetes mellitus by treatment with quercetin from the flowers of <i>Edgeworthia gardneri</i>.
Association between diabetes mellitus and olfactory dysfunction: current perspectives and future directions.
Development of a novel algorithm for detecting glucocorticoid-induced diabetes mellitus using a medical information database.
Association of glycemic control with mortality in patients with diabetes mellitus undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention.
Impact of diabetes mellitus and its complications: survival and quality-of-life in critically ill patients.
SGLT2 inhibitors with cardiovascular benefits: Transforming clinical care in Type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Sustained Virological Response Is Associated with a Decreased Risk of Posttransplant Diabetes Mellitus in Liver Transplant Recipients with Hepatitis C-Related Liver Disease.
Inverse Association between Organic Food Purchase and Diabetes Mellitus in US Adults.
Relationship between minimally and ultra-processed food intake during pregnancy with obesity and gestational diabetes mellitus.
Benefits of Intensive Blood Pressure Treatment in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Receiving Standard but Not Intensive Glycemic Control.
Prediction of First Cardiovascular Disease Event in Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus: The Steno Type 1 Risk Engine.
The incidence of diabetes mellitus and diabetic retinopathy in a population-based cohort study of people age 50 years and over in Nakuru, Kenya.
A snapshot of type two diabetes mellitus management in general practice prior to the introduction of diabetes Cycle of Care.
Medication Adherence and Diabetes Self-Care Activities Among Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
[Changes in the structure of pathogens of calculous pyelonephritis complicated with diabetes mellitus type ii, in the hospital urology of the city of Volgograd].
Gymnemic Acid Alleviates Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Suppresses Endoplasmic Reticulum Stress in Vivo and in Vitro.
The efficacy of pregabalin for treating pain associated with diabetic peripheral neuropathy in subjects with type 1 or type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Salusin-<i>β</i> Is Involved in Diabetes Mellitus-Induced Endothelial Dysfunction via Degradation of Peroxisome Proliferator-Activated Receptor Gamma.
Correlation between Cystatin C and retinopathy of type-two diabetes mellitus patients.
Health-Related Quality of Life in Primary Care: Which Aspects Matter in Multimorbid Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in a Community Setting?
Glycemic control is related to cognitive dysfunction in Chinese children with type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Effect of Rosuvastatin on Cholesterol Efflux Capacity and Endothelial Function in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Dyslipidemia.
Spontaneous resolution of diabetes insipidus after cranioplasty and cranial defect repair.
Type 1 diabetes mellitus and associated risk factors in patients with or without CHD: a case-control study.
Prevalence of Diastolic Dysfunction in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
CONTROVERSIAL ISSUES IN THE TREATMENT OF DYSLIPIDEMIAS IN PATIENTS WITH DIABETES MELLITUS.
Natural history and clinical characteristics of 50 patients with Wolfram syndrome.
[Related factors for early-onset type 2 diabetes mellitus of rural adults in Yuhuan County of Zhejiang Province in 2012].
Predictors and incidence of central diabetes insipidus after endoscopic pituitary surgery.
Clinical worthlessness of genetic prediction of common forms of diabetes mellitus and related chronic complications: A position statement of the Italian Society of Diabetology.
Risk assessment and management of post-transplant diabetes mellitus.
Levetiracetam can decrease desmopressin requirement in children with diabetes insipidus.
HBA1C CONTROL AND COST-EFFECTIVENESS IN PATIENTS WITH TYPE 2 DIABETES MELLITUS INITIATED ON CANAGLIFLOZIN OR A GLUCAGON-LIKE PEPTIDE 1 RECEPTOR AGONIST IN A REAL-WORLD SETTING.
Maternal Diabetes Mellitus and Persistent Pulmonary Hypertension of the Newborn: Accumulated Evidence From Observational Studies.
[The attitude of patients with types 1 and 2 diabetes mellitus towards having the disease].
Endogenous and Antipsychotic-Related Risks for Diabetes Mellitus in Young People With Schizophrenia: A Danish Population-Based Cohort Study.
Positive association between serious psychiatric outcomes and complications of diabetes mellitus in patients with depressive disorders.
Contrasting Associations of Body Mass Index and Hemoglobin A1c on the Excess Risk of Acute Myocardial Infarction and Heart Failure in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus by viral eradication in chronic hepatitis C: Myth or reality?
HbA1c as a predictor of diabetes after gestational diabetes mellitus.
Cinnamomum zeylanicum (Ceylon cinnamon) as a potential pharmaceutical agent for type-2 diabetes mellitus: study protocol for a randomized controlled trial.
Therapeutic Lifestyle Changes for Diabetes Mellitus.
Desmopressin lyophilisate for the treatment of central diabetes insipidus: first experience in very young infants.
Primary study on the hypoglycemic mechanism of 5rolGLP-HV in STZ-induced type 2 diabetes mellitus mice.
Renal tubular effects of prolonged therapy with the GLP-1 receptor agonist lixisenatide in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Titration to High-Intensity Statin Therapy Following Acute Myocardial Infarction in Patients With and Without Diabetes Mellitus.
The 6-month effectiveness of Internet-based guided self-help for depression in adults with Type 1 and 2 diabetes mellitus.
Clinical Impact of Diabetes Mellitus on Outcomes After Transcatheter Aortic Valve Replacement: Insights From the Society of Thoracic Surgeons/American College of Cardiology Transcatheter Valve Therapy Registry.
Biophysical and immunological characterization of 2-dRib modified HSA and its implications in diabetes mellitus.
Ultrasound characterization of insulin induced lipohypertrophy in type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Osteoporosis complication is a risk factor for frailty in females with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Determinants of inertia with lipid-lowering treatment in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Diabetes Intervention Accentuating Diet and Enhancing Metabolism (DIADEM-I): a randomised controlled trial to examine the impact of an intensive lifestyle intervention consisting of a low-energy diet and physical activity on body weight and metabolism in early type 2 diabetes mellitus: study protocol for a randomized controlled trial.
Effect of parental history of diabetes on markers of inflammation, insulin resistance and atherosclerosis in first degree relatives of patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Changes in Medication Use After Dementia Diagnosis in an Observational Cohort of Individuals with Diabetes Mellitus.
H2RM: A Hybrid Rough Set Reasoning Model for Prediction and Management of Diabetes Mellitus.
Contemporaneous effects of diabetes mellitus and hypothyroidism on spermatogenesis and immunolocalization of Claudin-11 inside the seminiferous tubules of mice.
Prevalence of diabetes mellitus in people clinically diagnosed with periodontitis: A systematic review and meta-analysis of epidemiologic studies.
B-type natriuretic peptide and renal function in Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: The Dogo Study.
Heart failure among people with Type 2 diabetes mellitus: real-world data of 289 954 people from a diabetes database.
Simultaneous pancreas and kidney transplantation as the standard surgical treatment for diabetes mellitus patients with end-stage renal disease.
The direct medical cost of type 2 diabetes mellitus in South Africa: a cost of illness study.
Psoas and paraspinous muscle index as a predictor of mortality in African American men with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Stimulation of KLF14/PLK1 pathway by thrombin signaling potentiates endothelial dysfunction in Type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Reliability and Validity of the Diabetes Eating Problem Survey in Turkish Children and Adolescents with Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus.
Metabolic endotoxemia and diabetes mellitus: A systematic review.
Cognitive functioning and structural brain abnormalities in people with Type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Role of the Gastrointestinal Tract Microbiome in the Pathophysiology of Diabetes Mellitus.
Knowledge and practice on prevention of diabetes mellitus among Diabetes mellitus family members, in suburban cities in Ethiopia.
Role of Serum Adiponectin and Vitamin D in Prediabetes and Diabetes Mellitus.
Utility of antenatal clinical factors for prediction of postpartum outcomes in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM).
Aging and a long-term diabetes mellitus increase expression of 1 α-hydroxylase and vitamin D receptors in the rat liver.
Pathophysiology of type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus: a 90-year perspective.
New autosomal recessive mutations in aquaporin-2 causing nephrogenic diabetes insipidus through deficient targeting display normal expression in Xenopus oocytes.
Regulating microRNA expression: at the heart of diabetes mellitus and the mitochondrion.
Cortisol dysregulation: the bidirectional link between stress, depression, and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Sleep duration and its impact on adherence in adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Evaluation of muscle mass in obesity, prediabetes and diabetes mellitus by different equations used for the measurement of muscle mass.
Post-transplant diabetes mellitus in patients with solid organ transplants.
Recent advances in molecular biomarkers for diabetes mellitus: a systematic review.
39-year-old man with central diabetes insipidus.
Swertisin rich fraction from Enicostema littorale ameliorates hyperglycemia and hyperlipidemia in high-fat fed diet and low dose streptozotacin induced type 2 diabetes mellitus in rats.
Artificial Intelligence Applications in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Care: Focus on Machine Learning Methods.
Diet Quality and Cardiovascular Disease Risk in Postmenopausal Women With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: The Women's Health Initiative.
Utility of Contrast-Enhanced Ultrasound for the Assessment of Skeletal Muscle Perfusion in Diabetes Mellitus: A Meta-Analysis.
Intensive Blood Glucose Control and Vascular Outcomes in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Combined serum free light chain levels are associated with carotid atherosclerosis in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
The association between fetal-stage exposure to the China famine and risk of diabetes mellitus in adulthood: results from the China health and retirement longitudinal study.
Effects of combined treatment with blood flow restriction and low-intensity electrical stimulation on diabetes mellitus-associated muscle atrophy in rats.
Prevalence of vascular risk factors in patients with and without type 2 diabetes mellitus admitted to hospital for stroke in the 2011-2013 period.
Pharmacogenetics of type 2 diabetes mellitus, the route toward tailored medicine.
Diabetes Mellitus and Its Effects on All-Cause Mortality After Radiopeptide Therapy for Neuroendocrine Tumors.
Clinical profile and etiologies of children with central diabetes insipidus: a single-center experience from Turkey.
Central diabetes insipidus and hypothalamic type of hypopituitarism associated with atypical location of Rathke's cleft cyst.
V2 vasopressin receptor (V2R) mutations in partial nephrogenic diabetes insipidus highlight protean agonism of V2R antagonists.
Characteristics and Outcomes of Children with Type-I Diabetes Mellitus Hospitalized for Ketoacidosis.
Increased Rates of Readmission, Reoperation, and Mortality Following Open Reduction and Internal Fixation of Ankle Fractures Are Associated With Diabetes Mellitus.
Transient neonatal diabetes mellitus and activating mutation in the KCNJ11 gene in two siblings.
Does a History of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Affect Key Outcomes in Women Participating in a Diabetes Prevention Program?
Access to a youth-specific service for young adults with type 1 diabetes mellitus is associated with decreased hospital length of stay for diabetic ketoacidosis.
Adenosine signaling in diabetes mellitus and associated cardiovascular and renal complications.
Creatinine Rise During Blood Pressure Therapy and the Risk of Adverse Clinical Outcomes in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Evaluation of immunogenicity of LY2963016 insulin glargine compared with Lantus® insulin glargine in patients with type 1 or type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Diabetes mellitus, a complex and heterogeneous disease, and the role of insulin resistance as a determinant of diabetic kidney disease.
[Treatment for a burn patient complicated by diabetes insipidus].
Vitamin D and pancreas: The role of sunshine vitamin in the pathogenesis of diabetes mellitus and pancreatic cancer.
Chicory inulin ameliorates type 2 diabetes mellitus and suppresses JNK and MAPK pathways in vivo and in vitro.
Use of Mobile Health Technology in the Prevention and Management of Diabetes Mellitus.
Diabetes mellitus and risk of hip fractures: a meta-analysis.
Relation of thyroid hormone abnormalities with subclinical inflammatory activity in patients with type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Nephrogenic Diabetes Insipidus in Childhood: Assessment of Volume Status and Appropriate Fluid Replenishment.
Capacity of a body shape index and body roundness index to identify diabetes mellitus in Han Chinese people in Northeast China: a cross-sectional study.
Neutrophil-Lymphocyte ratio and Platelet-Lymphocyte ratio as useful predictive markers of prediabetes and diabetes mellitus.
Diabetes mellitus is independently associated with an increased risk of mortality in patients with clear cell renal cell carcinoma.
Incidence, Predictors, and Clinical Outcomes of New-Onset Diabetes Mellitus after Percutaneous Coronary Intervention with Drug-Eluting Stent.
Polymer-free amphilimus-eluting stent versus biodegradable polymer biolimus-eluting stent in patients with and without diabetes mellitus.
Associated illness severity in schizophrenia and diabetes mellitus: A systematic review.
Surgery for subacromial impingement syndrome in relation to occupational exposures, lifestyle factors and diabetes mellitus: a nationwide nested case-control study.
A Newborn with Transient Diabetes Mellitus Accompanied by Ketoacidosis Attributable to a ZFP57 Mutation.
Spectral analysis of the blood flow in the foot microvascular bed during thermal testing in patients with diabetes mellitus.
A review of glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonists and their effects on lowering postprandial plasma glucose and cardiovascular outcomes in the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Encephalopathy, Chiasmal Compression, Ophthalmoplegia, and Diabetes Insipidus in Pituitary Apoplexy.
Relationship between serum bilirubin concentrations and diabetic nephropathy in Shanghai Han's patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Limited Knowledge of Chronic Kidney Disease among Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Patients in India.
Type 1 diabetes mellitus prevalence and care in children under 15 years old in Asturias.
Compound heterozygous mutation of aquaporin 2 gene in woman patient with congenital nephrogenic diabetes insipidus.
Diagnosing diabetes mellitus in patients with porphyria cutanea tarda.
Bartter Syndrome Type 1 Presenting as Nephrogenic Diabetes Insipidus.
Peculiarities of heart rate in the patients with unstable angina and non-ST elevation myocardial infarction and concomitant diabetes mellitus type 2.
Does seasonality of births in diabetes mellitus reflect pathogenetic differences?
Type 2 diabetes mellitus as a disorder of galanin resistance.
Diagnosis of erectile dysfunction can be used to improve screening for Type 2 diabetes mellitus.
The Prevalence and Risk for Herpes Zoster Infection in Adult Patients With Diabetes Mellitus in the Canadian Primary Care Sentinel Surveillance Network.
Prevalence of diabetes mellitus as determined by glycated hemoglobin in the Brazilian adult population, National Health Survey.
Arteriographic Patterns of Atherosclerosis and the Association between Diabetes Mellitus and Ethnicity in Chronic Critical Limb Ischemia.
Is Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus More Prevalent Than Expected in Transgender Persons? A Local Observation.
Postpartum placental CT angiography in normal pregnancies and in those complicated by diabetes mellitus.
Coronary microvascular dysfunction in diabetes mellitus.
Diabetes mellitus and its complications in India.
Diabetes distress in adult type 1 diabetes mellitus men and women with disease onset in childhood and in adulthood.
Both youth and long-term vitamin D status is associated with risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus in adulthood: a cohort study.
Associations between glycaemic control and activation of the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system in participants with type 2 diabetes mellitus and hypertension.
Mutual Impact of Diabetes Mellitus and Tuberculosis in China.
Multiple autoimmune syndrome revealed by nephrogenic diabetes insipidus and hypokalaemic paralysis.
Clinical review: Treatment of neurohypophyseal diabetes insipidus.
Childhood diabetes mellitus: Advances & challenges.
The effects of melatonin supplementation in adjunct with non-surgical periodontal therapy on periodontal status, serum melatonin and inflammatory markers in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients with chronic periodontitis: a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
Serum levels of TGF-β1 in patients of diabetic peripheral neuropathy and its correlation with nerve conduction velocity in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Perioperative Management of Diabetes Mellitus: Novel Approaches.
The prognostic value of multiple electrode aggregometry and light transmittance aggregometry in stable cardiovascular patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
A Variation in the ABCC8 Gene Is Associated with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Repaglinide Efficacy in Chinese Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Patients.
The effects of n-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acid supplementation on AGEs and sRAGE in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Mortality Among Patients Hospitalized With Heart Failure and Diabetes Mellitus: Results From the National Inpatient Sample 2000 to 2010.
Impact of type 2 diabetes mellitus on short- and long-term mortality after coronary artery bypass surgery.
Association of serum uric acid with bone mineral density and clinical fractures in Chinese type 2 diabetes mellitus patients: A cross-sectional study.
Fulminant type 1 diabetes mellitus: Two case reports.
The roles of annexins in vascular endothelium dysfunction accompanying diabetes mellitus type 2.
[Suitability of screening for diabetes mellitus in women with a history of gestational diabetes].
Prevention of type 2 diabetes mellitus in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus.
Is glycated albumin useful for differential diagnosis between fulminant type 1 diabetes mellitus and acute-onset autoimmune type 1 diabetes mellitus?
Association between diabetes mellitus and oncological outcomes in bladder cancer patients undergoing radical cystectomy.
Comparison of the effects of Korean mindfulness-based stress reduction, walking, and patient education in diabetes mellitus.
Unfavorable cytokine and adhesion molecule profiles during and after pregnancy, in women with gestational diabetes mellitus.
Age-dependent systemic DNA damage in early Type 2 Diabetes mellitus.
Diabetes mellitus treatment-Related medical knowledge among health care providers.
[A case of sarcoidosis with diabetes insipidus].
Effects of N-[Imino(1-Piperidinyl)Methyl] Guanidine on the Intensity of Free Radical Processes, Aconitase Activity, and Citrate Level in the Tissues of Rats with Experimental Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Calcium homeostasis in diabetes mellitus.
A case report of hereditary neuropathy with liability to pressure palsies accompanied by type 2 diabetes mellitus and psoriasis.
Elevated blood apelin levels in type 2 diabetes mellitus: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Haptoglobin levels are influenced by Hp1-Hp2 polymorphism, obesity, inflammation, and hypertension in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Shortened mean erythrocyte age in female patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Transcriptomic and proteomic analysis of potential therapeutic target genes in the liver of metformin‑treated Sprague‑Dawley rats with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Relation of asymmetrical dimethylarginine levels with renal outcomes in hypertensive patients with and without type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Variable clinical presentations in a family with neurohypophysial diabetes insipidus.
Vitamin D status of tuberculosis patients with diabetes mellitus in different economic areas and associated factors in China.
[Diabetes insipidus and pregnancy].
[The analysis of association between ENPP1 K121Q polymorphism and risk factors of type 2 diabetes mellitus in ukrainian population].
Influence of Diabetes Mellitus on the Development of Multi Drug Resistant-Tuberculosis in Yogyakarta.
Prescription of DPP-4 Inhibitors to Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Patients With Renal Impairment: A UK Primary Care Experience.
Oxidative Stress and Inflammation: Their Role in the Pathogenesis of Peripheral Artery Disease with or Without Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Vitamin D receptor gene polymorphisms among Emirati patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Salivary and serum cystatin SA levels in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus or diabetic nephropathy.
Multiplex Biomarker Approaches in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Research.
The relationship of miR-146a gene polymorphism with carotid atherosclerosis in Chinese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Diabetes insipidus as a first manifestation in multiple sclerosis.
Risk factors for new onset diabetes mellitus after liver transplantation: A meta-analysis.
A longitudinal study of serum insulin-like growth factor-I levels over 6 years in a large cohort of children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus: A marker reflecting diabetic retinopathy.
Mobile phone text messaging in improving glycaemic control for patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of donor and recipient SUMO4 rs237025 genetic variant with new-onset diabetes mellitus after liver transplantation in a Chinese population.
Visceral fat is strongly associated with post-transplant diabetes mellitus and glucose metabolism 1 year after kidney transplantation.
Promising Potential of Dietary (Poly)Phenolic Compounds in the Prevention and Treatment of Diabetes Mellitus.
The Prevalence of Diabetes Mellitus and Routine Hemoglobin A1c Screening in Elective Total Joint Arthroplasty Patients.
Development of a subset of ICNP Nursing Diagnoses for the promotion of self-care in people with diabetes mellitus: a multi-center observational study.
Differing clinical phenotype for higher alanine-aminotransferase (ALT) compared with high-risk NAFLD fibrosis score in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Dietary antioxidant capacity and risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus, prediabetes and insulin resistance: the Rotterdam Study.
Prospect of Using Cell Product for the Therapy of Skin Defects in Diabetes Mellitus.
Diabetes mellitus increases the risk of ruptured abdominal aortic aneurysms.
An overview of in vitro and in vivo glycation of albumin: a potential disease marker in diabetes mellitus.
Patient Self-reported quality of life assessment in Type 2 diabetes mellitus: A pilot study.
Current status of treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus in Ningbo, China.
Self-reported sitting time and prevalence of erectile dysfunction in Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: The Dogo Study.
The role of proteinuria, paricalcitol and vitamin D in the development of post-transplant diabetes mellitus.
Interplay between Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus and Celiac Disease: Implications in Treatment.
[Research progress on the donor cell sources of pancreatic islet transplantation for treatment of diabetes mellitus].
Oxidative stress in the elderly with diabetes mellitus or hypertension
The adverse effects of chronic low-dose exposure to nonylphenol on type 2 diabetes mellitus in high sucrose-high fat diet-treated rats.
Serum sTWEAK levels in chronic periodontitis and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Visceral adiposity index as a predictor for type 2 diabetes mellitus in Asian population: A systematic review.
Factors associated with reluctance to initiate or continue oral antihyperglycemic agent (OAHA) treatments in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients in Japan: An observational patient-reported study.
Increased insulin requirement may contribute to risk of obesity in children and young people with Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus.
Oral manifestations in patients with diabetes mellitus.
Development of Postoperative Diabetes Mellitus in Patients Undergoing Distal Pancreatectomy <i>versus</i> Whipple Procedure.
Brain injury with diabetes mellitus: evidence, mechanisms and treatment implications.
Application of Aptamer-based Hybrid Molecules in Early Diagnosis and Treatment of Diabetes Mellitus: From the Concepts Towards the Future.
The Effect of Diabetes Self-Management Education on Hba1c Level and Fasting Blood Sugar in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Patients in Primary Health Care in Binjai City of North Sumatera, Indonesia.
Clinical significance of high-mobility group box-1 (HMGB1) in subjects with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) combined with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).
[Change in the incidence of diabetes mellitus in oral cancer patients based on a long-term comparative study].
[Impaired hypoglycemia awareness in diabetes mellitus].
Associations between sleep disturbances and diabetes mellitus among blacks with metabolic syndrome: Results from the Metabolic Syndrome Outcome Study (MetSO).
Islet cell-associated autoantibodies in Ethiopians with diabetes mellitus.
Effects of dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitors on cardiac and endothelial function in type 2 diabetes mellitus: A pilot study.
The tRNA-associated dysregulation in diabetes mellitus.
Prevalence of undiagnosed type 2 diabetes mellitus in Pakistan: Results of screen-diabetes disease registry.
[The situation as regards diabetes mellitus type 1 in Andalusia. Care data, use of advanced therapies and human resources].
A history of continuous glucose monitors (CGMs) in self-monitoring of diabetes mellitus.
Diabetes insipidus in craniopharyngioma: postoperative management of water and electrolyte disorders.
[Pituitary metastasis presenting as diabetes insipidus: a report of four cases and literature review].
Exosomes as biomarkers and therapeutic tools for type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Impact of Perioperative HbA1c on Reimbursements in Diabetes Mellitus Patients Undergoing Total Hip Arthroplasty: A Nationwide Analysis.
Cardiovascular disease risk factors in Pakistani population with newly diagnosed Type 2 diabetes mellitus: A cross-sectional study of selected family practitioner clinics in four provinces of Pakistan (CardiP Study).
Metabolic effects of breastfeed in women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Programmed Cell Death-1 Inhibitor-Induced Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus.
Recent Updates on Glucokinase Activators and Glucokinase Regulatory Protein Disrupters for the Treatment of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Early Occurrence Cases of Diabetes Mellitus: Clinical Picture in Two Major Tertiary Care Hospitals in India.
Development and Validation of a Model to Predict Absolute Vascular Risk Reduction by Moderate-Intensity Statin Therapy in Individual Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: The Anglo Scandinavian Cardiac Outcomes Trial, Antihypertensive and Lipid-Lowering Treatment to Prevent Heart Attack Trial, and Collaborative Atorvastatin Diabetes Study.
[Effects of methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase gene polymorphism and long-term exposure to organophosphorus pesticides on type 2 diabetes mellitus].
Lactic acidosis due to metformin in type 2 diabetes mellitus and chronic kidney disease stage 3-5: is it significant?
Omega-3, omega-6, and total dietary polyunsaturated fat for prevention and treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
[Autoimmune insulitis in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus A randomized clinical trial in hospitalized patients].
Clinical and biochemical characteristics of familial type 1 diabetes mellitus (FT1DM) compared to non-familial type 1 DM (NFT1DM).
Intensive Diabetes Treatment and Cardiovascular Outcomes in Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus: Implications of the Diabetes Control and Complications Trial/Epidemiology of Diabetes Interventions and Complications Study 30-Year Follow-up.
Maternal educational level and the risk of persistent post-partum glucose metabolism disorders in women with gestational diabetes mellitus.
Is Cognitive Behavioural Therapy focusing on Depression and Anxiety Effective for People with Long-Term Physical Health Conditions? A Controlled Trial in the Context of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Altered profile of serum microRNAs in pancreatic cancer-associated new-onset diabetes mellitus.
Bartter's syndrome with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
New-Onset Diabetes Mellitus After Transplantation in a Cynomolgus Macaque (Macaca fasicularis).
Acute effects of air pollution on type II diabetes mellitus hospitalization in Shijiazhuang, China.
Knowledge and awareness of diabetes mellitus and its risk factors in Saudi Arabia.
PCOS and diabetes mellitus: from insulin resistance to altered beta pancreatic function, a link in evolution.
Assessment of cardiovascular risk of new drugs for the treatment of diabetes mellitus: risk assessment vs. risk aversion.
Congenital nephrogenic diabetes insipidus with a novel mutation in the aquaporin 2 gene.
Efficacy and safety of glucagon-like peptide-1 agonists on macrovascular and microvascular events in type 2 diabetes mellitus: A meta-analysis.
Free testosterone concentration is inversely associated with markers of liver fibrosis in men with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Expression of miR-18a and miR-34c in circulating monocytes associated with vulnerability to type 2 diabetes mellitus and insulin resistance.
Construction of a dietary-cure <i>Saccharomyces cerevisiae</i> expressing long-acting glucagon-like peptide-1 and investigation of its hypoglycemic activity in type 2 diabetes mellitus mouse model.
Diabetes mellitus and thyroid diseases.
Maternal TSH level and TPOAb status in early pregnancy and their relationship to the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus.
Analysis of protein glycation in human fingernail clippings with near-infrared (NIR) spectroscopy as an alternative technique for the diagnosis of diabetes mellitus.
TGF-β1 serum concentrations and receptor expressions in the lens capsular of dogs with diabetes mellitus.
[The evaluation of adaptive possibilities of organism under therapy of diabetes mellitus type I and II.]
Type 2 diabetes mellitus and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Type 2 diabetes mellitus in Bangladesh: a prevalence based cost-of-illness study.
Access to medicines and diagnostic tests integral in the management of diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular diseases in Uganda: insights from the ACCODAD study.
Extract of Ginkgo Biloba Ameliorates Streptozotocin-Induced Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus and High-Fat Diet-Induced Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in Mice.
External validation of prognostic models to predict risk of gestational diabetes mellitus in one Dutch cohort: prospective multicentre cohort study.
Effect of pretransplant hepatitis C virus on the development of new-onset diabetes mellitus after transplant in Egyptian living-donor renal allotransplant recipients at Mansoura Urology and Nephrology Center.
The Effect of Diabetes Mellitus Type I on Periodontal and Dental Status.
Gastrointestinal symptom prevalence depends on disease duration and gastrointestinal region in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
The burden of hypertension and diabetes mellitus in rural communities in southern Nigeria.
Endocan Serum Levels in Patients with Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease with or without Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Pilot Study.
Gut microbiota imbalances in Tunisian participants with type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Uncoupled iron homeostasis in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Can Fetuin-A Be a Marker for Insulin Resistance and Poor Glycemic Control in Children with Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus?
[Effects of adipose-derived mesenchymal stem cells from type 2 diabetes mellitus patients on wound healing of pressure ulcers in mice].
The efficacy of propolis on markers of glycemic control in adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Correlation between Serum Lipid Profile with Anthropometric and Clinical Variables in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Clinical characteristics of type 1 diabetes mellitus in Taiwanese children aged younger than 6 years: A single-center experience.
Association of Delta-6-Desaturase Expression with
Aggressiveness of Cancer, Diabetes Mellitus, and Multiple
Sclerosis: A Narrative Review
Ischemia reperfusion injury, ischemic conditioning and diabetes mellitus.
Current Concepts in Diabetes Mellitus and Chronic Liver Disease:  Clinical Outcomes, Hepatitis C Virus Association, and Therapy.
Factors influencing self-management behaviours among patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus in the Solomon Islands.
To Explore the Pathogenesis of Vascular Lesion of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Based on the PI3K/Akt Signaling Pathway.
The Characteristics Of Abdominal Fat Distribution In Japanese Adolescents With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Physical activity and the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis of epidemiological studies.
Genetic polymorphisms in KCNJ11 (E23K, rs5219) and SDF-1β (G801A, rs1801157) genes are associated with the risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
An International Position Statement on the Management of Frailty in Diabetes Mellitus: Summary of Recommendations 2017.
Short-term association between ambient temperature and acute myocardial infarction hospitalizations for diabetes mellitus patients: A time series study.
Five-year cost-effectiveness of the Patient Empowerment Programme (PEP) for type 2 diabetes mellitus in primary care.
Invasive pneumococcal disease complicated by cerebral vasculitis, transient diabetes insipidus and spondylodiscitis.
Acute glucocorticoid deficiency and diabetes insipidus are common after acute traumatic brain injury and predict mortality.
Effects of decentralization of primary health care on diabetes mellitus in Brazil.
The effects of alcoholic extract of saffron (Crocus satious L.) on mild to moderate comorbid depression-anxiety, sleep quality, and life satisfaction in type 2 diabetes mellitus: A double-blind, randomized and placebo-controlled clinical trial.
Associations between the <i>HaeIII</i> Single Nucleotide Polymorphism in the SLC2A1 Gene and Diabetic Nephropathy in Korean Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Sustained delivery of insulin-loaded block copolymers: Potential implications on renal ischemia/reperfusion injury in diabetes mellitus.
Plasma Lipidomic Profiles Improve on Traditional Risk Factors for the Prediction of Cardiovascular Events in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Cost calculation for a flash glucose monitoring system for UK adults with type 1 diabetes mellitus receiving intensive insulin treatment.
Superoxide Dismutase 1 In Vivo Ameliorates Maternal Diabetes Mellitus-Induced Apoptosis and Heart Defects Through Restoration of Impaired Wnt Signaling.
Restoration of autophagy in endothelial cells from patients with diabetes mellitus improves nitric oxide signaling.
Relationship between myostatin and irisin in type 2 diabetes mellitus: a compensatory mechanism to an unfavourable metabolic state?
Burden of type 2 diabetes mellitus in Brazil.
Clinical overview of nephrogenic diabetes insipidus based on a nationwide survey in Japan.
Five-Year Cost-effectiveness of the Multidisciplinary Risk Assessment and Management Programme-Diabetes Mellitus (RAMP-DM).
Metabolic Characteristics of Recently Diagnosed Adult-Onset Autoimmune Diabetes Mellitus.
Testing an integrated model of eating disorders in paediatric type 1 diabetes mellitus.
[Clinical recommendations for sport practice in diabetic patients (RECORD Guide). Diabetes Mellitus Working Group of the Spanish Society of Endocrinology and Nutrition (SEEN)].
Relation of plasma ceramides to visceral adiposity, insulin resistance and the development of type 2 diabetes mellitus: the Dallas Heart Study.
Short-term metabolic control and sleep in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Clinical practice guideline for the prevention, early detection, diagnosis, management and follow up of type 2 diabetes mellitus in adults.
[Musculoskeletal complications in diabetes mellitus].
Changing psychosocial determinants of physical activity and diet in women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus.
Maternal fertility problems and risk for transient neonatal diabetes mellitus.
Effects of Duodenal-Jejunal Exclusion and New Bilio-Pancreatic Diversion on Blood Glucose in Rats with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Diabetes mellitus is associated with elevated risk of mortality amongst patients with prostate cancer: a meta-analysis of 11 cohort studies.
Experiences of Discrimination and Incident Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: The Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis (MESA).
Diabetes Mellitus Following Renal Transplantation: Clinical and Pharmacological Considerations for the Elderly Patient.
Total Body Irradiation and Risk of Diabetes Mellitus; A Meta-Analysis
Effects of the Relative Distribution of Body Mass Index on the Incidence of Hypertension and Diabetes Mellitus, Using the Korean Obesity Index.
Transient neonatal diabetes mellitus and hypomethylation at additional imprinted loci: novel ZFP57 mutation and review on the literature.
Role of the calpain on the development of diabetes mellitus and its chronic complications.
Role of silibinin in the management of diabetes mellitus and its complications.
Glutamic acid decarboxylase and islet antigen 2 antibody profiles in people with adult-onset diabetes mellitus: a comparison between mixed ethnic populations in Singapore and Germany.
Type 2 diabetes mellitus is associated with increased risk of pancreatic cancer: A veteran administration registry study.
Assessing the association between optimal energy intake and all-cause mortality in older patients with diabetes mellitus using the Japanese Elderly Diabetes Intervention Trial.
Intravenous formulation of desmopressin delivered via oral and g tube routes for the treatment of central diabetes insipidus: First experience in infants.
Quantitative Proteome Analysis Reveals Increased Content of Basement Membrane Proteins in Arteries From Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Lower Levels Among Metformin Users.
Effectiveness of Fuyuan Xingnao Decoction for patients with diabetes mellitus combined cerebral infarction.
Association of Thyroid Dysfunction and Autoimmunity in Pregnant Women with Diabetes Mellitus.
Gestational diabetes mellitus in South Asia: Epidemiology.
Diabetes mellitus and pancreatitis--cause or effect?
Depressive symptoms are associated with poor glycemic control among women with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Fulminant type 1 diabetes mellitus associated with Coxsackievirus type B1 infection during pregnancy: a case report.
Cardiovascular organ damage in type 2 diabetes mellitus: the role of lipids and inflammation.
Effect of ertugliflozin on blood pressure in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a post hoc pooled analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Differential proteome analysis of diabetes mellitus type 2 and its pathophysiological complications.
Study of the NLRP3 inflammasome component genes and downstream cytokines in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus with carotid atherosclerosis.
The Effect of Renal Impairment on the Pharmacokinetics and Pharmacodynamics of Ertugliflozin in Subjects With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Green tea epigallocatechin gallate enhances cardiac function restoration through survival signaling expression in diabetes mellitus rats with autologous adipose tissue-derived stem cells.
Chronic administration of the nitroxyl donor 1-nitrosocyclo hexyl acetate limits left ventricular diastolic dysfunction in a mouse model of diabetes mellitus in vivo.
Co-morbidity of Diabetes Mellitus and Orodental Diseases in Nigeria.
Association between serum selenium level and the prevalence of diabetes mellitus in U.S. population.
Diabetes mellitus in people living with HIV/AIDS: prevalence and associated risk factors.
Expression profiling feline peripheral blood monocytes identifies a transcriptional signature associated with type two diabetes mellitus.
Efficacy of Hydrochlorothiazide and low renal solute feed in Neonatal Central Diabetes Insipidus with transition to Oral Desmopressin in early infancy.
Retinal neurodegeneration in patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus: the role of glycemic variability.
Ratio of muscle mass to fat mass assessed by bioelectrical impedance analysis is significantly correlated with liver fat accumulation in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Association between -1082G/A, -819C/T, and -592C/A genetic polymorphisms in IL-10 and risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus in a Chinese population.
NMDAR antagonists for the treatment of diabetes mellitus-Current status and future directions.
Body mass index and the all-cause mortality rate in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Correlation of diabetes mellitus and body weight of adults above the age of 30 years in a medical facility in Ghana.
Impact of Improved Glycemic Control on Cardiac Function in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Tuberculosis and Diabetes Mellitus Comorbidity among the Ageing Population: A Threat to the Public Health System of Nepal.
Use of drugs related to the treatment of diabetes mellitus and other cardiovascular risk factors in the Spanish population. The Di@bet.es study.
Position statement: hypoglycemia management in patients with diabetes mellitus. Diabetes Mellitus Working Group of the Spanish Society of Endocrinology and Nutrition.
Association of lipocalin-2 level, glycemic status and obesity in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
The Potential Role of SGLT2 Inhibitors in the Treatment of Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus.
Endothelial progenitor cells dysfunction and impaired tissue reparation: The missed link in diabetes mellitus development.
[Prevalence of diabetes mellitus and associated risk factors in Uygur population in Kashgar area of Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region].
Sulfonylurea challenge test in subjects diagnosed with type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Influence of initial insulin dosage on blood glucose dynamics of children and adolescents with newly diagnosed type 1 diabetes mellitus.
The Effect of Vitamin D Supplementation on Glycaemic Control in Women with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomised Controlled Trials.
Diabetes insipidus as an atypical presentation of acute myeloid leukemia.
Pathophysiology and burden of infection in patients with diabetes mellitus and peripheral vascular disease: focus on skin and soft-tissue infections.
Pattern Of Dyslipidaemia And Its Association With Hypovitaminosis D In Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
[Advances of mechanism research on procyanidin in prevention and treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus].
Fenofibrate decreases the bone quality by down regulating Runx2 in high-fat-diet induced Type 2 diabetes mellitus mouse model.
All-cause mortality and its risk factors among type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus in a country facing diabetes epidemic.
Cysteinylated transthyretin as a discriminator of cardiovascular risk in patients with diabetes mellitus.
Italian Association of Clinical Endocrinologists (AME) & Italian Association of Clinical Diabetologists (AMD) Position Statement : Diabetes mellitus and thyroid disorders: recommendations for clinical practice.
IL-10 Could Play a Role in the Interrelation between Diabetes Mellitus and Osteoarthritis.
Growth retardation due to panhypopituitarism and central diabetes insipidus following Russell's viper bite.
Ifosfamide-induced Fanconi syndrome and desmopressin-responsive nephrogenic diabetes insipidus.
The prevalence of type 1 diabetes mellitus among 15-34-year-aged Lithuanian inhabitants during 1991-2010.
miRNAs: Nanomachines That Micromanage the Pathophysiology of Diabetes Mellitus.
Physical activity level in women with gestational diabetes mellitus: Lifestyle INtervention for Diabetes prevention After pregnancy (LINDA-Brasil) study.
Impact of pre-gestational and gestational diabetes mellitus on the expression of glucose transporters GLUT-1, GLUT-4 and GLUT-9 in human term placenta.
The heart failure burden of type 2 diabetes mellitus-a review of pathophysiology and interventions.
The Effect of Prolonged Glucosamine Usage on HbA1c Levels and New-Onset Diabetes Mellitus in Overweight and Obese Middle-Aged Women.
Schizophrenia and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Understanding the role of the gut ecosystem in diabetes mellitus.
[Effect of melaxen on free radical processes intensity and some antioxidant enzymes activity in rats liver and blood serum under type 2 diabetes mellitus].
Testosterone deficiency induced by progressive stages of diabetes mellitus impairs glucose metabolism and favors glycogenesis in mature rat Sertoli cells.
Diabetes knowledge, attitude, and practice among type 2 diabetes mellitus patients in Kuala Muda District, Malaysia - A cross-sectional study.
Gestational diabetes mellitus risk score: A practical tool to predict gestational diabetes mellitus risk in Tanzania.
Long and short-term outcomes of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) among South Asian women - A community-based study.
Metformin: A review of its potential as enhancer for anti tuberculosis efficacy in diabetes mellitus-tuberculosis coinfection patients.
Serum triglycerides as a risk factor for cardiovascular diseases in type 2 diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Clinical characteristics of patients with diabetes mellitus and fatty liver diagnosed by liver/spleen Hounsfield units on CT scan.
Liraglutide Reduces Cardiovascular Events and Mortality in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Independently of Baseline Low-Density Lipoprotein Cholesterol Levels and Statin Use.
Efficacy and safety of sensor-augmented pump therapy (SAPT) with predictive low-glucose management in patients diagnosed with type 1 diabetes mellitus previously treated with SAPT and low glucose suspend.
Central diabetes insipidus as the inaugural manifestation of Langerhans cell histiocytosis: natural history and medical evaluation of 26 children and adolescents.
11β-Hydroxysteroid Dehydrogenase Type 1 in Obese Subjects With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
A new strategy for vascular complications in young people with type 1 diabetes mellitus.
A Study of Platelet Indices in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Patients.
Dietary Patterns and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in a First Nations Community.
The Prevalence and Risk Factors of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (DMT2) in a Semi-Urban Saudi Population.
Prevalence of sexual dysfunction and related factors among diabetes mellitus patients in Southwest Ethiopia.
Cross-sectional study of the determinants and associations of sex hormone-binding globulin concentrations in first degree relatives (FDR) of patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
AN ALGORITHM FOR PROGNOSIS OF RECURRENT MYOCARDIAL INFARCTION IN TYPE 2 DIABETES MELLITUS PATIENTS FOLLOWING DETERMINATION OF ENDOTHELIAL DYSFUNCTION MARKERS.
Effects of activated vitamin D, alfacalcidol, and low-intensity aerobic exercise on osteopenia and muscle atrophy in type 2 diabetes mellitus model rats.
Increased Arterial Stiffness is an Independent Predictor of Renal Function Decline in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Younger Than 60 Years.
Perinatal triphenyl phosphate exposure accelerates type 2 diabetes onset and increases adipose accumulation in UCD-type 2 diabetes mellitus rats.
Obesity and glycemic control in patients with diabetes mellitus: Analysis of physician electronic health records in the US from 2009-2011.
Relation of Monocyte/High-Density Lipoprotein Cholesterol Ratio with Coronary Artery Disease in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Changes of humoral anti-endotoxin immunity and low-intensity inflammation in diabetes mellitus type 1 and 2.
Association of Psoriasis With the Risk for Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Obesity.
The acidity of early pregnancy diet and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus.
Comparative study of thyroid hormone and antithyroid antibody levels in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus and pregnant patients with diabetes.
Renal pathological implications in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients with renal involvement.
Burden of cancer associated with type 2 diabetes mellitus in Japan, 2010-2030.
Coadministration of alloxan and nicotinamide in rats produces biochemical changes in blood and pathological alterations comparable to the changes in type II diabetes mellitus.
Relationship between Oxidative Stress, Inflammation and Dyslipidemia with Fatty Liver Index in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Risk of allergic conjunctivitis in patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus: a population-based retrospective cohort study.
Pharmacologic Management of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: Available Therapies.
Young people with type 1 diabetes mellitus: Attitudes, perceptions, and experiences of diabetes management and continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion therapy.
miR-483-5p associates with obesity and insulin resistance and independently associates with new onset diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease.
Effect of scaling and root planing on gingival crevicular fluid levels of adrenomedullin in chronic periodontitis patients with and without diabetes mellitus type 2: A clinico-biochemical study.
Diabetes mellitus and high blood pressure in relation to BMI among adult non-pregnant women in Bangladesh.
Platelet Indices Alterations in Children With Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus.
Efficacy and safety of sodium-glucose cotransporter-2 inhibitors versus dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitors as monotherapy or add-on to metformin in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
A prospective study of the impact of diabetes mellitus on restrictive and obstructive lung function impairment: The Saku study.
Economic and social impact of diabetes mellitus in a low-income country: A case-control study in Sudan.
Effects of yoga in adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A meta-analysis.
CCL2 gene polymorphism is associated with post-transplant diabetes mellitus.
Effectiveness of angiotensin II receptor antagonists in a cohort of Dutch patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (ZODIAC-14).
Antidiabetic Activity of Ergosterol from Pleurotus Ostreatus in KK-A<sup>y</sup> Mice with Spontaneous Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
High, but stable, trend in the prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus: A population-based study in Xiamen, China.
Dynamics of Changes in Metabolic and Hematological Parameters after Transplantation of Pancreatic Islet Cells on TiNi Scaffold in Experimental Diabetes Mellitus.
Supplements for Diabetes Mellitus: A Review of the Literature.
Treatment of Type 2 diabetes mellitus in Chongqing of China: unaffordable care for the poor.
Response to Letter to the Editor: "Predictors of Postoperative Diabetes Insipidus Following Endoscopic Resection of Pituitary Adenomas".
What's in a Name? Classification of Diabetes Mellitus in Veterinary Medicine and Why It Matters.
Sub-clinical Hypothyroidism in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Patients in a Tertiary Care Hospital, Mysore.
High-density lipoprotein of patients with breast cancer complicated with type 2 diabetes mellitus promotes cancer cells adhesion to vascular endothelium via ICAM-1 and VCAM-1 upregulation.
Association of the average rate of change in HbA1c with severe adverse events: a longitudinal evaluation of audit data from the Bavarian Disease Management Program for patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Transcription Factor Runx2 Promotes Aortic Fibrosis and Stiffness in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Health care among adults with self-reported diabetes mellitus in Brazil, National Health Survey, 2013.
Evaluation of random plasma glucose for assessment of glycaemic control in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Hereditary nephrogenic diabetes insipidus in Japanese patients: analysis of 78 families and report of 22 new mutations in AVPR2 and AQP2.
Association of Fast-Food and Full-Service Restaurant Densities With Mortality From Cardiovascular Disease and Stroke, and the Prevalence of Diabetes Mellitus.
Oral health status and knowledge among 10-15years old type 1 diabetes mellitus children and adolescents in Bengaluru.
CAN ULTRASOUND ABDOMEN HELP IN EARLY DIAGNOSIS OF DIABETES MELLITUS? AN OBSERVATIONAL STUDY.
Republished: Partial nephrogenic diabetes insipidus associated with lithium therapy.
Systematic review of the impact of HbA1c on outcomes following surgery in patients with diabetes mellitus.
Neurometabolic Evidence Supporting the Hypothesis of Increased Incidence of Type 3 Diabetes Mellitus in the 21st Century.
Comparison of traditional diabetes risk scores and HbA1c to predict type 2 diabetes mellitus in a population based cohort study.
Diabetes mellitus and community-acquired bloodstream infections in the critically ill.
Integrase strand transfer inhibitor-associated diabetes mellitus: A case report.
Hippocampal atrophy, asymmetry, and cognition in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Diabetes among Māori women with self-reported past gestational diabetes mellitus in a New Zealand Māori community.
Neutrophil to lymphocyte ratio as an indicative of diabetic control level in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
6-year change in resting heart rate is associated with incident type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Momordica charantia L. lowers elevated glycaemia in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients: Systematic review and meta-analysis.
Breakdown of the Cerebrovasculature and Blood-Brain Barrier: A Mechanistic Link Between Diabetes Mellitus and Alzheimer's Disease.
Evaluating the Impact of Diabetes Self-Management Education Methods on Knowledge, Attitudes and Behaviours of Adult Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Glycemic control and disability-free survival in hypoglycemic agent-treated community-dwelling older patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Cortisol: Mediator of association between Alzheimer's disease and diabetes mellitus?
High Prevalence of Obesity, Hypertension, Hyperlipidemia, and Diabetes Mellitus in Japanese Outpatients with Schizophrenia: A Nationwide Survey.
Prevalence and factors associated with pre-diabetes and diabetes mellitus in Kenya: results from a national survey.
Fulminant Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus Complicated with a Life-threatening Electrolyte Abnormality and Abnormal Electrocardiogram Findings.
Cost-Effectiveness of Insulin Degludec vs. Insulin Glargine U100 in Type 1 and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in a UK Setting.
Impact of Depression and Psychosocial Treatment on Heart Rate Variability in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: An Exploratory Analysis Based on the HEIDIS Trial.
Lithium-induced nephrogenic diabetes insipidus: renal effects of amiloride.
A case of hypokalemic paralysis in a patient with neurogenic diabetes insipidus.
Assessing oral medication adherence among patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus treated with polytherapy in a developed Asian community: a cross-sectional study.
Residual Angina After Elective Percutaneous Coronary Intervention in Patients With Diabetes Mellitus.
Inadequate hepcidin serum concentrations predict incident type 2 diabetes mellitus.
First cardiovascular event in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus of a cardiovascular risk management program of a poor Colombian population: a cohort study.
Diet and prevention of type 2 diabetes mellitus: beyond weight loss and exercise.
Quality-of-life and treatment satisfaction in actual clinical practice of patients with Type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) and hypoglycemia treated with insulin degludec.
Lipidomic Profiling on Oxidized Phospholipids in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Model Zebrafish.
[Knowledge and attitude towards diabetes mellitus in Argentina].
Interstitial nephritis and nephrogenic diabetes insipidus in a patient treated with pemetrexed.
Safety and efficacy of Momordica charantia Linnaeus in pre-diabetes and type 2 diabetes mellitus patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis protocol.
Influencing Factors of the Diabetes Distress among Chinese Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
[Bidirectional impact of two chronic diseases: heart failure and diabetes mellitus].
Incidence rate and patient characteristics of severe hypoglycemia in treated type 2 diabetes mellitus patients in Japan: Retrospective Diagnosis Procedure Combination database analysis.
Prevalence of diabetes mellitus in Chinese children with thalassaemia major.
Impact of optimum diabetes care on the safety of fasting in Ramadan in adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus on insulin therapy.
Incidence and Risk Factors for Prediabetes and Diabetes Mellitus Among HIV-infected Adults on Antiretroviral Therapy: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.
Sustained Release of Exendin 4 Using Injectable and Ionic-Nano-Complex Forming Polymer Hydrogel System for Long-Term Treatment of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Predictor factors of glycemic control in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus treated at a referral service in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Predictability and Risk Factors for Development of New-Onset Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus After Transplant in the Saudi Population.
Type 2 diabetes mellitus increases long-term mortality risk after isolated surgical aortic valve replacement.
Exercise and insulin resistance in type 2 diabetes mellitus: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Clinical Profile of Patients With Diabetes Mellitus and Liver Transplantation: Results After a Multidisciplinary Team Intervention.
Proteomic analysis of serum biomarkers for prediabetes using the Long-Evans Agouti rat, a spontaneous animal model of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Elevated exhaled acetone concentration in stage C heart failure patients with diabetes mellitus.
Novel adipokines vaspin and irisin as risk biomarkers for cardiovascular diseases in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
A retrospective cohort study on the risk of stroke in relation to a priori health knowledge level among people with type 2 diabetes mellitus in Taiwan.
Variation in Postpartum Glycemic Screening in Women With a History of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.
Secondary nephrogenic diabetes insipidus as a complication of inherited renal diseases.
A general view of epidemiology of hypoglycemia in type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
[INFLUENCE OF THE METFORMIN THERAPY ON THE ACTIVITY OF ENDOTHELIAL-DEPENDENT MEDIATORS AMONG PATIENTS WITH ACUTE MYOCARDIAL INFARCTION AND CONCOMITANT TYPE 2 DIABETES MELLITUS].
Utility of genetic testing in suspected familial cranial diabetes insipidus.
Diabetes mellitus in a patient with glycogen storage disease type Ia: a case report.
Diabetes insipidus and two consecutive pregnancies: a case report and review of the literature.
Olanzapine intoxication-related transient diabetes insipidus.
Anorexia nervosa and diabetes insipidus in pregnancy.
Effect of ertugliflozin on glucose control, body weight, blood pressure and bone density in type 2 diabetes mellitus inadequately controlled on metformin monotherapy (VERTIS MET).
Efficacy and safety of once-weekly oral trelagliptin switched from once-daily dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitor in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: An open-label, phase 3 exploratory study.
Factors associated with physical activity in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients at a public clinic in Gaborone, Botswana, in 2017.
Elevated serum fibroblast growth factor 23 levels as an indicator of lower extremity atherosclerotic disease in Chinese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Use of antidepressants in patients with depression and comorbid diabetes mellitus: a systematic review.
Poor structural social support is associated with an increased risk of Type 2 diabetes mellitus: findings from the MONICA/KORA Augsburg cohort study.
Hepatitis C virus infections and associated risk factors in patients with diabetes mellitus; case control study in North West Tigray, Ethiopia.
Acupuncture for Management of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in a Patient with Myasthenia Gravis: A Case Report.
First and third trimester serum concentrations of adropin and copeptin in gestational diabetes mellitus and normal pregnancy.
Peculiarities of heart rate in the patients with unstable angina and non-ST elevation myocardial infarction and concomitant diabetes mellitus type 2.
New test for diabetes insipidus.
A Retrospective Study of 6-Month Reduction in Risk of Developing Cardiovascular Diseases and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in Severely Obese Patients Over 60 Years of Age Following Bariatric Surgery.
Pulse wave velocity and cardiac autonomic function in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
A patient with diabetes insipidus, anterior hypopituitarism and pituitary stalk thickening.
Erectile dysfunction and associated factors among men with diabetes mellitus from a tertiary diabetic center in Northern Sri Lanka.
[New ESC guidelines 2019 "Diabetes, prediabetes and cardiovascular diseases" : Paradigm shift in reduction of cardiovascular risk in patients with diabetes mellitus].
[Damages and its mechanism of the blood brain barrier in rats with diabetes mellitus with depression].
Modest Salt Reduction Lowers Blood Pressure and Albumin Excretion in Impaired Glucose Tolerance and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Randomized Double-Blind Trial.
The current and future perspectives of zinc oxide nanoparticles in the treatment of diabetes mellitus.
Is ischemia the only factor predicting cardiovascular outcomes in all diabetes mellitus patients?
Exposure to heavy metals during pregnancy related to gestational diabetes mellitus in diabetes-free mothers.
Randomised, phase 1, dose-finding study of MEDI4166, a PCSK9 antibody and GLP-1 analogue fusion molecule, in overweight or obese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Comments on "Efficacy and safety of desmopressin orally disintegrating tablet in patients with central diabetes insipidus: results of a multicenter open-label dose-titration study"--efficacy and safety of orally disintegrating desmopressin tablets in patients with central diabetes insipidus.
KNOWLEDGE OF DIABETIC COMPLICATIONS IN PATIENTS WITH DIABETES MELLITUS.
Blood Pressure Management in Adults With Type 2 Diabetes: Insights From the Diabetes Mellitus Status in Canada (DM-SCAN) Survey.
Acid-base and electrolyte disturbances in patients with diabetes mellitus.
The future of protein biomarker research in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Clinical Management of Intermittent Fasting in Patients with Diabetes Mellitus.
Remarkable cystic expansion of microprolactinoma causing diabetes insipidus during pregnancy.
The effect of dulaglutide on body composition in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients on hemodialysis.
Graphene based aptasensor for glycated albumin in diabetes mellitus diagnosis and monitoring.
Role of glycated hemoglobin in the screening and diagnosis of posttransplantation diabetes mellitus after renal transplantation: A diagnostic accuracy study.
Child maltreatment, psychopathological symptoms, and onset of diabetes mellitus, hypothyroidism and COPD in adulthood.
Fracture risk associated with common medications used in treating type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Association of irisin and FNDC5 rs16835198 G>T gene polymorphism with type 2 diabetes mellitus and diabetic nephropathy. An Egyptian pilot study.
A Review of the Clinical Efficacy and Safety of Insulin Degludec and Glargine 300 U/mL in the Treatment of Diabetes Mellitus.
Prevalence of diabetes mellitus and its risk factors in urban communities of north Sudan: Population-based study.
Prevalence of diabetes mellitus and impaired glucose metabolism in the adult population of the Basque Country, Spain.
Social relations, depressive symptoms, and incident type 2 diabetes mellitus: The English Longitudinal Study of Ageing.
Association of serum pancreatic derived factor (PANDER) with beta-cell dysfunction in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Post-Transplant Diabetes Mellitus: Causes, Treatment, and Impact on Outcomes.
Human embryonic stem cell-derived pancreatic endoderm alleviates diabetic pathology and improves reproductive outcome in C57BL/KsJ-Lep(db/+) gestational diabetes mellitus mice.
Increased urocortin 3 levels are associated with the risk of having type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Long-Term Safety and Effectiveness of Linagliptin in Japanese Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A 3-Year Post-Marketing Surveillance Study.
Resection of Pheochromocytoma Improves Diabetes Mellitus in the Majority of Patients.
Ideal cardiovascular health, glycaemic status and incident type 2 diabetes mellitus: the REasons for Geographic and Racial Differences in Stroke (REGARDS) study.
Increased prevalence of depression and anxiety among subjects with metabolic syndrome and known type 2 diabetes mellitus - a population-based study.
Effect of SGLT2 inhibitor on renal function in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Current Status of Stem Cell Treatment for Type I Diabetes Mellitus.
Evaluation of glycemic control in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus in Chinese communities: a cross-sectional study.
Epidemiological and pathophysiological evidence supporting links between obstructive sleep apnoea and Type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Blood Pressure and Development of Cardiovascular Disease in Koreans With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Platelet-endothelial cell interactions modulate smooth muscle cell phenotype in an in vitro model of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Glycemic Control and Long-term Complications in Pediatric Onset Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus: A Single-center Experience from Northern India.
Impact of diabetes mellitus on 5-year clinical outcomes in patients with chronic total occlusion lesions.
Differential reduction in corneal nerve fiber length in patients with type 1 or type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Relationship between Serum Asymmetric Dimethylarginine Level and Microvascular Complications in Diabetes Mellitus: A Meta-Analysis.
Antibody Response to Serpin B13 Induces Adaptive Changes in Mouse Pancreatic Islets and Slows Down the Decline in the Residual Beta Cell Function in Children with Recent Onset of Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus.
Impact of type 2 diabetes mellitus on in-hospital-mortality after major cardiovascular events in Spain (2002-2014).
Years of life gained by multifactorial intervention in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus and microalbuminuria: 21 years follow-up on the Steno-2 randomised trial.
Type-3c Diabetes Mellitus, Diabetes of Exocrine Pancreas - An Update.
Habitual chocolate intake and type 2 diabetes mellitus in the Maine-Syracuse Longitudinal Study: (1975-2010): Prospective observations.
Severe hydronephrosis in nephrogenic diabetes insipidus.
Proinsulin in the identification and risk stratification of gestational diabetes mellitus: study protocol for a prospective, longitudinal cohort study.
Impact of pre-operative glycated haemoglobin A1C level on 1-year outcomes of endovascular treatment in patients with critical limb ischemia in the course of diabetes mellitus.
The study of association of Vitamin B<sub>12</sub> deficiency in type 2 diabetes mellitus with and without diabetic nephropathy in North Indian Population.
Diabetes mellitus and metformin in hepatocellular carcinoma.
[Sudden cardiac death in diabetes mellitus].
Prevention of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) and Probiotics: Mechanism of action: A Review.
Factors Affecting Canagliflozin-Induced Transient Urine Volume Increase in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Effects of antidiabetic drugs on the incidence of macrovascular complications and mortality in type 2 diabetes mellitus: a new perspective on sodium-glucose co-transporter 2 inhibitors.
Relationship of biomarkers of extracellular matrix with myocardial function in Type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Familial neurohypophyseal diabetes insipidus due to a novel mutation in the arginine vasopressin-neurophysin II gene.
Document on a comprehensive approach to type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Body mass index and mortality in patients with and without diabetes mellitus.
Understanding type 2 diabetes mellitus screening practices among primary care physicians: a qualitative chart-stimulated recall study.
Association of type 2 diabetes mellitus with the interaction between low-density lipoprotein receptor-related protein 5 (LRP5) polymorphisms and overweight and obesity in rural Chinese adults.
Novel protein glycan side-chain biomarker and risk of incident type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Cognitive deficits and Alzheimer-like neuropathological impairments during adolescence in a rat model of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Risk of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus following Gestational Diabetes Pregnancy in Women with Polycystic Ovary Syndrome.
Macrovascular Complications and Prevalence of Urgency Incontinence in Japanese Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: The Dogo Study.
The Expression of microRNA-223 and FAM5C in Cerebral Infarction Patients with Diabetes Mellitus.
Hyperglycemic hyperosmolar state in an adolescent with type 1 diabetes mellitus.
GESTATIONAL DIABETES MELLITUS AND THE DEVELOPMENT OF CLEFT LIP / PALATE IN NEWBORNS.
Prevalence of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) in the adult Russian population (NATION study).
Alterations in Plasma Triglyceride Concentrations Following Two Oral Meals with Different Fat Content in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Prevalence and control of type 2 diabetes mellitus among primary care physicians in Spain. PRISMA Study.
Phase III, efficacy and safety study of ertugliflozin monotherapy in people with type 2 diabetes mellitus inadequately controlled with diet and exercise alone.
[Giant complicated duodenal ulcer in patient with diabetes mellitus].
Gene-Based Elevated Triglycerides and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Risk in the Women's Genome Health Study.
Association between rs2278426 (C/T) and rs892066 (C/G) variants of ANGPTL8 (betatrophin) and susceptibility to type2 diabetes mellitus.
Meal intake increases circulating procoagulant microparticles in patients with type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Effectiveness of a primary care nurse delivered educational intervention for patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus in promoting metabolic control and compliance with long-term therapeutic targets: Randomised controlled trial.
Effects of Melatonin, Aluminum Oxide, and Polymethylsiloxane Complex on the Expression of LYVE-1 in the Liver of Mice with Obesity and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
The role of obesity and adipose tissue dysfunction in gestational diabetes mellitus.
Diabetes mellitus prevalence in patients with takotsubo syndrome: the case of the brain-heart disconnect.
Smoking and prevalence of nocturia in Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a post-hoc analysis of The Dogo Study.
Physical activity and prevalence of erectile dysfunction in Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: The Dogo Study.
Increased Hazard of Myocardial Infarction With Insulin-Provision Therapy in Actively Smoking Patients With Diabetes Mellitus and Stable Ischemic Heart Disease: The BARI 2D (Bypass Angioplasty Revascularization Investigation 2 Diabetes) Trial.
New-Onset Diabetes Mellitus After Heart Transplantation　- Incidence, Risk Factors and Impact on Clinical Outcome.
[Prevalence of diabetes mellitus and associated factors in indigenous women in Dourados, Mato Grosso do Sul State, Brazil].
Behaviours, thoughts and perceptions around mealtime insulin usage and wastage among people with type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus: A cross-sectional survey study.
Side effects and practices to improve management of type 2 diabetes mellitus from the viewpoint of patient experience and health care management. A narrative review.
Are women with type 2 diabetes mellitus more susceptible to cardiovascular complications following coronary angioplasty?: a meta-analysis.
Plasma Levels of the Interleukin-1-Receptor Antagonist Are Lower in Women with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Are Particularly Associated with Postpartum Development of Type 2 Diabetes.
Taiwanese Green Propolis Ethanol Extract Delays the Progression of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in Rats Treated with Streptozotocin/High-Fat Diet.
Effects of glargine insulin on glycemic control in patients with diabetes mellitus type II undergoing off-pump coronary artery bypass graft.
The tongue features associated with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Epigenetic modification of miR-10a regulates renal damage by targeting CREB1 in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Impact of diabetes mellitus on acute outcomes of percutaneous coronary intervention in chronic total occlusions: insights from a US multicentre registry.
Presentations for hypoglycemia associated with diabetes mellitus to emergency departments in a Canadian province: A database and epidemiological analysis.
Relationship Between Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Cognitive Change in a Multiethnic Elderly Cohort.
Pancreatic islet of Langerhans' cytoarchitecture and ultrastructure in normal glucose tolerance and in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
BSMI single nucleotide polymorphism in vitamin D receptor gene is associated with decreased circulatory levels of serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D among micro and macrovascular complications of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Disease and Economic Burden of Hospitalizations Attributable to Diabetes Mellitus and Its Complications: A Nationwide Study in Brazil.
Upregulation of miR-221 and -222 in response to increased extracellular signal-regulated kinases 1/2 activity exacerbates neointimal hyperplasia in diabetes mellitus.
Adherence to healthy lifestyle factors and risk of death in men with diabetes mellitus: The Physicians' Health Study.
Supporting Transitions in Care for Older Adults With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Obesity.
Impact of Type 1 and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus on Pancreas Transplant Outcomes.
Effect of the treatment of Type 2 diabetes mellitus on the development of cognitive impairment and dementia.
Primary Prevention of Heart Failure in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Pomegranate as a Possible Treatment in Reducing Risk of Developing Wound Healing, Obesity, Neurodegenerative Disorders, and Diabetes Mellitus.
Empagliflozin for Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: An Overview of Phase 3 Clinical Trials.
[Diabetes mellitus: endothelial dysfunction and changes in hemostasis].
Use of the progression of adapted Diabetes Complications Severity Index to predict acute coronary syndrome, ischemic stroke, and mortality in Asian patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A nationwide cohort investigation.
Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus and its association with cardiovascular disease.
Initiating Characteristics of Early-onset Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in Chinese Patients.
Hsa_circ_0054633 in peripheral blood can be used as a diagnostic biomarker of pre-diabetes and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
SERUM magnesium levels as an indicator of status of Diabetes Mellitus type 2.
Protective and therapeutic effectiveness of taurine in diabetes mellitus: a rationale for antioxidant supplementation.
Clinical Outcomes in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Peripheral Artery Disease: Results From the EXSCEL Trial.
Epidemiology of Self-Reported Diabetes Mellitus in the State of Maranhão, Northeastern Brazil: Results of the National Health Survey, 2013.
Central diabetes insipidus following a sports-related concussion: a case report.
Using Personalized Medicine in the Management of Diabetes Mellitus.
Positive bacterial culture in conjunctival sac before cataract surgery with night stay is related to diabetes mellitus.
Holoprosencephaly and diabetes insipidus in a 3-month-old infant.
Experiences of women, hospital clinicians and general practitioners with gestational diabetes mellitus postnatal follow-up: A mixed methods approach.
Type 2 diabetes mellitus prevalence and risk scores in treated PLWHIV: a cross-sectional preliminary study.
A 60-Week Prospective RCT of a Self-Management Intervention for Individuals With Serious Mental Illness and Diabetes Mellitus.
Analysis of the implementation of a personalized care model in diabetes mellitus as an example of chronic disease with information and communication technology support.
Dissecting copper homeostasis in diabetes mellitus.
Predictive risk model for the diagnosis of diabetes mellitus type 2 in a follow-up study 15 years on: PRODI2 Study.
Glucagon like peptide-1 and its receptor agonists: Their roles in management of Type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Demographic Characteristics, Survival and Prognostic Factors of Early Breast Cancer Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Hospital-Based Cohort Study
Glycaemic control and antidiabetic therapy in patients with diabetes mellitus and chronic kidney disease - cross-sectional data from the German Chronic Kidney Disease (GCKD) cohort.
The Effectiveness of Calf Muscle Electrostimulation on Vascular Perfusion and Walking Capacity in Patients Living With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Peripheral Artery Disease.
Correlation between serum interleukin-6 level and type 1 diabetes mellitus: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Hereditary nephrogenetic diabetes insipidus--case report and discussion].
Dominant pro-vasopressin mutants that cause diabetes insipidus form disulfide-linked fibrillar aggregates in the endoplasmic reticulum.
Methylation dependent microRNA 1285-5p and sterol carrier proteins 2 in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Blood Ketone Bodies and Breath Acetone Analysis and Their Correlations in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Increased risk of blood transfusion in patients with diabetes mellitus sustaining non-major burn injury.
Diabetes mellitus and its management with medicinal plants: A perspective based on Iranian research.
Prevalence of markers of celiac disease in Colombian children with diabetes mellitus type 1.
The pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of SGLT2 inhibitors for type 2 diabetes mellitus: the latest developments.
Experimental diabetes mellitus exacerbates ischemia/reperfusion-induced myocardial injury by promoting mitochondrial fission: Role of down-regulation of myocardial Sirt1 and subsequent Akt/Drp1 interaction.
Gene therapy and type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Comparison of Great Curvature Plication with Duodenal-Jejunal Bypass (GCP-DJB) and Sleeve Gastrectomy (SG) on Metabolic Indices and Gut Hormones in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Rats.
Association between diabetes mellitus and incidence of intracerebral haemorrhage and case fatality rates: A retrospective population-based cohort study.
Diabetes insipidus.
Complementary and alternative medicine use in Iranian patients with diabetes mellitus.
Changes in physical performance in older women according to presence and treatment of diabetes mellitus.
Diabetes mellitus in Jamaica: sex differences in burden, risk factors, awareness, treatment and control in a developing country.
Longitudinal study of short-term corticosteroid use by working-age adults with diabetes mellitus: Risks and mitigating factors.
Changes in insulin-like growth factor-I and its binding proteins are associated with diabetes mellitus in older adults.
Association of salivary triglycerides and cholesterol with dental caries in children with type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Identification of five genetic variants as novel determinants of type 2 diabetes mellitus in Japanese by exome-wide association studies.
Prevalence of Diabetes Mellitus in the Surgical Population of the University of Puerto Rico Affiliated Hospitals: A Study using the Surgery Database.
Effect of diabetes mellitus on walking distance parameters after supervised exercise therapy for intermittent claudication: A systematic review.
Nonobstructive urinary tract dilatation in children with diabetes insipidus.
Levels of Nitric Oxide Metabolites and Myeloperoxidase in Subjects with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus on Metformin Therapy .
Early-Onset Diabetes Mellitus in a Patient With a Chromosome 13q34qter Microdeletion Including <i>IRS2</i>.
Assessment of Sirtuin 3 and Sirtuin 4 Level in Patients with Diabetes Mellitus and Periodontitis: A Clinical Study.
Long-Term Benefit of Empagliflozin on Life Expectancy in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Established Cardiovascular Disease.
Text Mining of Rheumatoid Arthritis and Diabetes Mellitus to Understand the Mechanisms of Chinese Medicine in Different Diseases with Same Treatment.
Central diabetes insipidus.
The Association Between the rs2975760 and rs3792267 Single Nucleotide Polymorphisms of Calpain 10 (CAPN10) and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.
Prevalence of diabetes mellitus in individuals with airflow obstruction in a Japanese general population: The Yamagata-Takahata Study.
Opportunistic invasive fungal disease in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus from Southern China: Clinical features and associated factors.
Increased levels of Dickkopf-1 are indicative of Wnt/β-catenin downregulation and lower osteoblast signaling in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus, contributing to lower bone mineral density.
New-onset diabetes mellitus after renal transplantation.
High Prevalence and Incidence of Diabetic Peripheral Neuropathy in Children and Adolescents With Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus: Results From a Five-Year Prospective Cohort Study.
[Psychosocial impact of type 1 diabetes mellitus in children, adolescents and their families. Literature review].
The validity of the patient health Questionnaire-9 to screen for depression in patients with type-2 diabetes mellitus in non-communicable diseases clinics in Malawi.
Lithium-induced nephrogenic diabetes insipidus after gastric banding.
Deregulated profiles of urinary microRNAs may explain podocyte injury and proximal tubule dysfunction in normoalbuminuric patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
DISEASES OF CIRCULATORY SYSTEM AND COMORBID TYPE II DIABETES MELLITUS IN THE CHORNOBYL ACCIDENT CONSEQUENCES CLEAN-UP WORKERS.
[Diabetes mellitus and osteoporosis: Who should be addressed and how to confirm the diagnosis].
Assessment of dental caries and gingival status among a group of type 1 diabetes mellitus and healthy children of South India - a comparative study.
Diagnosis and treatment of diabetes mellitus in chronic pancreatitis.
The Main Determinants of Diabetes Mellitus Vascular Complications: Endothelial Dysfunction and Platelet Hyperaggregation.
Relationship between metabolic control and self-monitoring of blood glucose in insulin-treated patients with diabetes mellitus.
Impact of uric acid levels on the risk of long-term cardiovascular mortality in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Self Monitoring of Blood Glucose Among Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in Eastern Nigeria: Need for Multi-strategic Interventions.
Prognostic Relation Between Severity of Diabetes Mellitus (On or Off Insulin) ± Chronic Kidney Disease with Cardiovascular Risk After Percutaneous Coronary Intervention.
Hypoglycaemia is associated with increased risk of fractures in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a cohort study.
A multicentre, UK, retrospective, observational study to assess the effectiveness of insulin glargine 300 units/ml in treating people with Type 1 diabetes mellitus in routine clinical practice (SPARTA).
Canagliflozin and Cardiovascular and Renal Outcomes in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Chronic Kidney Disease in Primary and Secondary Cardiovascular Prevention Groups.
Current and future impact of clinical gastrointestinal research on patient care in diabetes mellitus.
Central diabetes insipidus:  an unusual complication in a child with juvenile myelomonocytic leukemia and monosomy 7.
Pre-hypertension and the risk of diabetes mellitus incidence using a marginal structural model in an Iranian prospective cohort study.
Difference in the prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus according to gestational age at 75-g oral glucose tolerance test in Japan: The Japan Assessment of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Screening trial.
Impact and duration effect of telemonitoring on ΗbA1c, BMI and cost in insulin-treated Diabetes Mellitus patients with inadequate glycemic control: A randomized controlled study.
[A brief of gestational diabetes mellitus, risk factors and current criteria of diagnosis].
[Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus, Depression and Eating Disorders in Patients Submitted to Bariatric Surgery].
Abnormal phosphorylation of Tie2/Akt/eNOS signaling pathway and decreased number or function of circulating endothelial progenitor cells in prehypertensive premenopausal women with diabetes mellitus.
Inverse association between plasma homocysteine concentrations and type 2 diabetes mellitus among a middle-aged and elderly Chinese population.
Neuropsychological dysfunction and developmental defects associated with genetic changes in infants with neonatal diabetes mellitus: a prospective cohort study [corrected].
Effects of cilnidipine on sympathetic nerve activity and cardiorenal function in hypertensive patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: association with BNP and aldosterone levels.
Soluble endothelial protein C receptor and high sensitivity C reactive protein levels as markers of endothelial dysfunction in patients with type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus: their role in the prediction of vascular complications.
Evaluation of illness perceptions and their associations with glycaemic control, medication adherence and chronic kidney disease in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients in Malaysia.
Bile acid metabolism is altered in those with insulin resistance after gestational diabetes mellitus.
Determinants of glycemic control among diabetes mellitus patients in a tertiary clinic in Gaborone, Botswana: findings and implications.
Burden of Cardiovascular Risk Factors Over Time and Arterial Stiffness in Youth With Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus: The SEARCH for Diabetes in Youth Study.
Severe hypoglycemia and diabetic ketoacidosis in young persons with preschool onset of type 1 diabetes mellitus: An analysis of three nationwide population-based surveys.
Rationale and design of the ENhancing outcomes through Goal Assessment and Generating Engagement in Diabetes Mellitus (ENGAGE-DM) pragmatic trial.
Skeletal Status, Body Composition, and Glycaemic Control in Adolescents with Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus.
A Case of Osteomyelitis of the toe caused by Coccidioidomycosis in a 17 year-old with Diabetes Insipidus.
Post-partum follow-up of women with gestational diabetes mellitus: effectiveness, determinants, and barriers.
The association between polypharmacy and adverse health consequences in elderly type 2 diabetes mellitus patients; a systematic review and meta-analysis.
A multicentre study evaluating the risk and prevalence of diabetic retinopathy in children and young people with type 1 diabetes mellitus.
A Study of Effects of Pioglitazone and Rosiglitazone on Various Parameters in Patients of Type-2 Diabetes Mellitus with Special Reference to Lipid Profile.
Gender-related different effects of a combined therapy of Exenatide and Metformin on overweight or obesity patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Abdominal fat depots, insulin resistance, and incident diabetes mellitus in women with and without HIV infection.
Elevated Donor Hemoglobin A1C Impairs Kidney Graft Survival From Deceased Donors With Diabetes Mellitus: A National Analysis.
Evaluation of Posttransplantation Diabetes Mellitus After Liver Transplantation: Assessment of Insulin Administration as a Risk Factor.
Systematic Review of the Cost Effectiveness of Insulin Analogues in Type 1 and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Carotid intima-media thickness is an independent predictor of all-cause mortality and cardiovascular morbidity in patients with diabetes mellitus type 2 and chronic kidney disease.
Risk of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Development in the Native Population of Low- and High-Altitude Regions of Kyrgyzstan: Finnish Diabetes Risc Score Questionnaire Results.
Expression of Sterol Regulatory Element-Binding Proteins in epicardial adipose tissue in patients with coronary artery disease and diabetes mellitus: preliminary study.
Case management of patients with Type 2 diabetes mellitus: a cross-sectional survey in Chongqing, China.
Inactive Matrix Gla-Protein and Arterial Stiffness in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Nephrolithiasis against type 2 diabetes mellitus: on the effect of hypoglycemic therapy on lithogenesis.
Mitochondrial DNA damage and vascular function in patients with diabetes mellitus and atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease.
Validity and reproducibility of an interviewer-administered food frequency questionnaire in Austrian adults at risk of or with overt diabetes mellitus.
A long term follow-up study from India assessing the risk of diabetes mellitus in service population.
Microvascular complications and prevalence of urgency incontinence in Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: The dogo study.
A global study of the unmet need for glycemic control and predictor factors among patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus who have achieved optimal fasting plasma glucose control on basal insulin.
Efficacy and Safety of Empagliflozin in the Management of Diabetes Mellitus in Heart Transplant Recipients.
Self-management based coaching program to improve diabetes mellitus self-management practice and metabolic markers among uncontrolled type 2 diabetes mellitus in Indonesia: A quasi-experimental study.
Tissue factor and Toll-like receptor (TLR)4 in hyperglycaemia-hyperinsulinaemia. Effects in healthy subjects, and type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Vascular endothelial microparticles-incorporated microRNAs are altered in patients with diabetes mellitus.
Impact of type 1 diabetes mellitus and sitagliptin treatment on the neuropeptide Y system of rat retina.
Effects of probiotic supplements on insulin resistance in gestational diabetes mellitus: A double-blind randomized controlled trial.
Regular peaks and troughs in the Australian incidence of childhood type 1 diabetes mellitus (2000-2011).
FSP27 and Links to Obesity and Diabetes Mellitus.
Is diabetes mellitus a risk factor for venous thromboembolism? A systematic review and meta-analysis of case-control and cohort studies.
Nonlinear association of BMI with all-cause and cardiovascular mortality in type 2 diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis of 414,587 participants in prospective studies.
Sodium-glucose cotransporter 2 (SGLT2) inhibitors and fracture risk in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A meta-analysis.
Utility of DN4 questionnaire in assessment of neuropathic pain and its clinical correlations in Turkish patients with diabetes mellitus.
Ethnic and geographic variations in the incidence of pancreatitis and post-pancreatitis diabetes mellitus in New Zealand: a nationwide population-based study.
Characteristics of frequent emergency department users with type 2 diabetes mellitus in Korea.
Digital health technology and mobile devices for the management of diabetes mellitus: state of the art.
Do Postpartum Levels of Apolipoproteins Prospectively Predict the Development of Type 2 Diabetes in Women with Previous Gestational Diabetes Mellitus?
Vitamin D and Diabetes Mellitus.
Recommended configuration for personal health records by standardized data item sets for diabetes mellitus and associated chronic diseases: A report from Collaborative Initiative by six Japanese Associations.
Diabetes insipidus, panhypopituitarism, and severe mental status deterioration in a patient with chordoid glioma: case report and literature review.
The effect of vitamin D supplementation on glucose metabolism in type 2 diabetes mellitus: A systematic review and meta-analysis of intervention studies.
Damage-associated molecular patterns and their pathological relevance in diabetes mellitus.
Central diabetes insipidus after staged spinal surgery.
Frequency of Depression in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and its Relationship with Glycemic Control and Diabetic Microvascular Complications.
Evaluation of diphenhydramine in talc induced type 2 diabetes mellitus in Wistar rats.
Hypervitaminosis D causing nephrogenic diabetes insipidus in a 5-month-old infant.
Hypolipidemic Drugs and Diabetes Mellitus-Mechanisms and Data From Genetic Trials.
Re-examining the sensitivity of HbA1c to screen for diabetes mellitus.
Low education and lack of spousal relationship are associated with dementia in older adults with diabetes mellitus in Nigeria.
Most Women with Previous Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Have Impaired Glucose Metabolism after a Decade.
Men's Health in Industries: Plastic Plant Pollution and Prevalence of Pre-diabetes and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Langerhans cell histiocytosis in monozygotic twins with central diabetes insipidus and hypophyseal masses.
The Association Between Physical Activity During Pregnancy and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Case-Control Study.
Hepcidin in Iron Homeostasis: Diagnostic and Therapeutic Implications in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Patients.
The Prime Diabetes Model: Novel Methods for Estimating Long-Term Clinical and Cost Outcomes in Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus.
[Application and improvement of Chinese Diabetes Risk Score on screening type 2 diabetes mellitus in Wuhai City, Inner Mongolia].
History of spontaneous miscarriage and the risk of diabetes mellitus among middle-aged and older Chinese women.
Meta-analysis of the association between the Trp64Arg polymorphism of the beta-3 adrenergic receptor and susceptibility to gestational diabetes mellitus.
DE-INTENSIFICATION OF DIABETES TREATMENT IN ELDERLY PATIENTS WITH TYPE 2 DIABETES MELLITUS.
Place of sodium-glucose cotransporter-2 inhibitors in East Asian subjects with type 2 diabetes mellitus: Insights into the management of Asian phenotype.
Infection of Penile Prostheses in Patients with Diabetes Mellitus.
Postoperative diabetes insipidus in liver transplantation - A case report.
Central diabetes insipidus emerging after steroid replacement in pituitary apoplexy.
Risk factors for diabetes mellitus among rural adults in Nigeria.
Ameliorating effect of anti-Alzheimer's drugs on the bidirectional association between type 2 diabetes mellitus and Alzheimer's disease.
Short-acting insulin analogues versus regular human insulin for adult, non-pregnant persons with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Haematological parameters and lipid profile abnormalities among patients with Type-2 diabetes mellitus in Ghana.
Contributory Risk and Management of Comorbidities of Hypertension, Obesity, Diabetes Mellitus, Hyperlipidemia, and Metabolic Syndrome in Chronic Heart Failure: A Scientific Statement From the American Heart Association.
Weight change and blood glucose concentration as markers for pancreatic cancer in subjects with new-onset diabetes mellitus: A matched case-control study.
Screening for obstructive sleep apnea syndrome in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a prospective study on sensitivity of Berlin and STOP-Bang questionnaires.
PDX1 Gene Mutation with Permanent Neonatal Diabetes Mellitus with Annular Pancreas, Duodenal Atresia, Hypoplastic Gall Bladder and Exocrine Pancreatic Insufficiency.
Review of gestational diabetes mellitus effects on vascular structure and function.
ALCAM a novel biomarker in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus complicated with diabetic nephropathy.
Marker of lipid peroxidation related to diabetic nephropathy in Indonesian type 2 diabetes mellitus patients.
The association between pulse wave velocity and peripheral neuropathy in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Nanoliposomal Resveratrol as a Novel Approach to Treatment of Diabetes Mellitus.
Diabetes Mellitus: Is It Protective against Aneurysm? A Narrative Review.
Association of ADIPOQ variants with type 2 diabetes mellitus susceptibility in ethnic Han Chinese from northeast China.
Type 2 diabetes mellitus unawareness, prevalence, trends and risk factors: National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) 1999-2010.
Type 2 diabetes mellitus worsens neurological injury following cardiac arrest: an animal experimental study.
Clinical Management of Diabetes Mellitus in the Older Adult Patient.
Expression of toll-like receptor 4 and its connection with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Research Progress on Non-Drug Treatment for Blood Glucose Control of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Elevated lipoprotein (a) levels are associated with the presence and severity of coronary artery disease in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Emerging role of nutrition and the non-coding landscape in type 2 diabetes mellitus: A review of literature.
Impact of treatment strategies on outcomes in patients with stable coronary artery disease and type 2 diabetes mellitus according to presenting angina severity: A pooled analysis of three federally-funded randomized trials.
Vitamin D status, determinants and relationship with biochemical profile in women with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in Delhi, India.
The association between risk of limb fracture and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
The effect of xerostomia and hyposalivation on the quality of life of patients with type II diabetes mellitus.
Misconceptions about smoking in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a qualitative analysis.
Lifetime cost for type 2 diabetes mellitus in Singapore.
Diabetes mellitus in Zambia and the Western Cape province of South Africa: Prevalence, risk factors, diagnosis and management.
Psychological Distress Mediates the Association between Food Insecurity and Suboptimal Sleep Quality in Latinos with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Awareness, treatment, control of diabetes mellitus and the risk factors: survey results from northeast China.
A Longitudinal Investigation of Anxiety and Depressive Symptomatology and Exercise Behaviour Among Adults With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
[Sex and gender-specific aspects in prediabetes and diabetes mellitus-clinical recommendations (Update 2019)].
Comparison of glucose monitoring between Freestyle Libre Pro and iPro2 in patients with diabetes mellitus.
Body Mass Index, Change in Weight, Body Weight Variability and Outcomes in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (from the ACCORD Trial).
Vitamin D status, diabetes mellitus and coronary artery disease in patients undergoing coronary angiography.
Pattern of increasing HbA1c levels in patients with diabetes mellitus before clinical detection of pancreatic cancer - a population-based nationwide case-control study.
Insulin Glargine 300 U/mL: A Review in Diabetes Mellitus.
Rac1 Modulates Endothelial Function and Platelet Aggregation in Diabetes Mellitus.
Cigarette smoking, type 2 diabetes mellitus, and glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonists as a potential treatment for smokers with diabetes: An integrative review.
Dose-response association between the triglycerides: High-density lipoprotein cholesterol ratio and type 2 diabetes mellitus risk: The rural Chinese cohort study and meta-analysis.
Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Its Association with the Risk of Pancreatic Carcinogenesis: A Review.
Relationship between Food-Intake Trends and Estimated Glomerular Filtration Rate in Elderly Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
First trimester serum afamin concentrations are associated with the development of pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes mellitus in pregnant women.
Achieving target SBP for lowering the risk of major adverse cardiovascular events in persons with diabetes mellitus.
Indoor renovation and diabetes mellitus: Evidence from a cohort study.
Should Patients With Frozen Shoulder Be Screened for Diabetes Mellitus?
Epidemiology of diabetes mellitus, pre-diabetes, undiagnosed and uncontrolled diabetes and its predictors in general population aged 15 to 75 years: A community-based study (KERCADRS) in southeastern Iran.
Pregnancy-associated plasma protein-A is a stronger predictor for adverse cardiovascular outcomes after acute coronary syndrome in type-2 diabetes mellitus.
Effect of proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 (PCSK9) monoclonal antibodies on new-onset diabetes mellitus and glucose metabolism: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Time Trends, Regional Variability and Seasonality Regarding the Incidence of Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus in Romanian Children Aged 0-14 Years, Between 1996 and 2015
Determination of gliclazide minimum concentration in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients.
Brain iron deposition in type 2 diabetes mellitus with and without mild cognitive impairment-an in vivo susceptibility mapping study.
Enabling the Internet of Mobile Crowdsourcing Health Things: A Mobile Fog Computing, Blockchain and IoT Based Continuous Glucose Monitoring System for Diabetes Mellitus Research and Care.
Association between diabetes mellitus/hyperglycaemia and peri-implant diseases: Systematic review and meta-analysis.
A systematic review of the relationship between glycemic control and necrobiosis lipoidica diabeticorum in patients with diabetes mellitus.
Using Automated HbA1c Testing to Detect Diabetes Mellitus in Orthopedic Inpatients and Its Effect on Outcomes.
The differences in the incidence of diabetes mellitus and prediabetes according to the type of HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors prescribed in Korean patients.
Association of vitamin D and vitamin D binding protein (DBP) gene polymorphism with susceptibility of type 2 diabetes mellitus in Bangladesh.
Impact of Diabetes Mellitus on Bone Health.
Sympathetic Transduction in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Exposure to perchlorate, nitrate and thiocyanate, and prevalence of diabetes mellitus.
Antihyperglycemic Therapies to Treat Patients With Heart Failure and Diabetes Mellitus.
miR33 inhibition overcomes deleterious effects of diabetes mellitus on atherosclerosis plaque regression in mice.
The Interlinked Rising Epidemic of Insufficient Sleep and Diabetes Mellitus.
Prevalence of obesity and systemic hypertension among diabetes mellitus patients attending an out-patient diabetes clinic in a Ghanaian Teaching Hospital.
Relationship between red cell distribution width and early renal injury in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus.
A Randomized Comparison of Reservoir-Based Polymer-Free Amphilimus-Eluting Stents Versus Everolimus-Eluting Stents With Durable Polymer in Patients With Diabetes Mellitus: The RESERVOIR Clinical Trial.
Gastrointestinal symptoms in patients with diabetes mellitus and non-diabetic: A cross-sectional study in north of Iran.
Stem cells in the treatment of diabetes mellitus - Focus on mesenchymal stem cells.
Factors affecting fatigue in patients with type II diabetes mellitus in Korea.
Surgery in the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Downregulation of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma in the placenta correlates to hyperglycemia in offspring at young adulthood after exposure to gestational diabetes mellitus.
Prognostic Value of High-Sensitivity Versus Conventional Cardiac Troponin T Assays Among Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Undergoing Maintenance Hemodialysis.
Influence of different diagnostic criteria on gestational diabetes mellitus incidence and medical expenditures in China.
Diabetes-associated alterations in the cecal microbiome and metabolome are independent of diet or environment in the UC Davis Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Rat model.
The association between gestational diabetes mellitus and postpartum depressive symptomatology: A prospective cohort study.
Central diabetes insipidus in an HHV6 encephalitis patient with a posterior pituitary lesion that developed after tandem cord blood transplantation.
Association between serum total bilirubin levels and the risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Leptin: A new therapeutic target for treatment of diabetes mellitus.
[Diabetes Mellitus: etiology, pathophysiology and clinical classification].
THE CONTENT OF MICROELEMENTS IN BLOOD SERUM AND ERYTHROCYTES IN CHILDREN WITH DIABETES MELLITUS TYPE I DEPENDING ON LEVEL OF GLYCEMIC CONTROL.
Diabetes Mellitus-Associated Functional Hypercortisolism Impairs Sexual Function in Male Late-Onset Hypogonadism.
Ameliorative Effect of Adjunct Therapy of Metformin with Atorvastatin on Streptozotocin-induced Diabetes Mellitus in Rats.
Review of the Effect of Natural Compounds and Extracts on Neurodegeneration in Animal Models of Diabetes Mellitus.
Association of C2, a derivative of the radial artery pressure waveform, with new onset of type 2 diabetes mellitus: the MESA study.
[Diabetes mellitus in childhood and adolescence (Update 2019)].
Neonatal Escherichia coli meningitis can be complicated by central permanent diabetes insipidus.
The association of minor and major depression with health problem-solving and diabetes self-care activities in a clinic-based population of adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
National Differences in Remission of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus After Roux-en-Y Gastric Bypass Surgery-Subgroup Analysis of 2-Year Results of the Diabetes Surgery Study Comparing Taiwanese with Americans with Mild Obesity (BMI 30-35 kg/m<sup>2</sup>).
A pilot study of factors associated with glycaemic control in adults with Type 1 diabetes mellitus on insulin pump therapy.
Recent progress of the development of dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitors for the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Diabetes mellitus may affect the long-term survival of hepatitis B virus-related hepatocellular carcinoma patients after liver transplantation.
Aspirin for Primary Cardiovascular Risk Prevention and Beyond in Diabetes Mellitus.
Nocturia and prevalence of erectile dysfunction in Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: The Dogo Study.
Is it necessary to screen patient with adhesive capsulitis of shoulder for diabetes mellitus?
Role of microRNAs (miRNAs) in the pathophysiology of diabetes mellitus.
Urinary polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon biomarkers and diabetes mellitus.
[Music learning and music performance in patients with diabetes mellitus].
Letter to the Editor: "Predictors of Postoperative Diabetes Insipidus Following Endoscopic Resection of Pituitary Adenomas".
Central diabetes insipidus emerging after steroid replacement in pituitary apoplexy.
A case of Turner syndrome with concomitant transient hypogammaglobulinaemia of infancy and central diabetes insipidus.
Incidence of cardiovascular diseases and type-2-diabetes mellitus in patients with psychiatric disorders.
Leisure sedentary time is differentially associated with hypertension, diabetes mellitus, and hyperlipidemia depending on occupation.
Fracture risk in young and middle-aged adults with type 1 diabetes mellitus: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diabetes insipidus: The other diabetes.
Diabetes Mellitus in Living Pancreas Donors: Use of Integrated National Registry and Pharmacy Claims Data to Characterize Donation-Related Health Outcomes.
Sitagliptin but not alpha glucosidase inhibitor reduced the serum soluble CD163, a marker for activated macrophage, in individuals with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Barriers and facilitators associated with attendance at hospital diabetes clinics among young adults (15-30 years) with type 1 diabetes mellitus: a systematic review.
Evaluation of biomarkers for the prediction of pre-eclampsia in women with type 1 diabetes mellitus: A systematic review.
Long-Term Blood Pressure Variability, New-Onset Diabetes Mellitus, and New-Onset Chronic Kidney Disease in the Japanese General Population.
Proximal tubular dysfunction associated with tenofovir and didanosine causing Fanconi syndrome and diabetes insipidus: a report of 3 cases.
Hyperglycemia recognised in early pregnancy is phenotypically type 2 diabetes mellitus not gestational diabetes mellitus: a case control study.
Healthy eating and active living after gestational diabetes mellitus (HEALD-GDM): Rationale, design, and proposed evaluation of a randomized controlled trial.
TAp63 is correlated with chronic inflammation in patients with newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Markers for undiagnosed type 2 diabetes mellitus during pregnancy-A population-based retrospective cohort study.
[Diabetes mellitus and microbiome: How do you advise your patients?]
Total body irradiation for hematopoietic stem cell transplantation during early childhood is associated with the risk for diabetes mellitus.
Advice to walk after meals is more effective for lowering postprandial glycaemia in type 2 diabetes mellitus than advice that does not specify timing: a randomised crossover study.
Long-Term Prognostic Utility of Coronary CT Angiography in Stable Patients With Diabetes Mellitus.
[An efficacy and safety study of bifidobacterium tetragenous viable bacteria tablets in the treatment of constipation in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus].
Inadequate fat or carbohydrate intake was associated with an increased incidence of type 2 diabetes mellitus in Korean adults: A 12-year community-based prospective cohort study.
Hypertension and Diabetes Mellitus: A Preliminary South African Health Promotion Activity Using Service-Learning Principles.
Diabetes Mellitus and Renal Transplantation: A Short Update.
Assessment using serum insulin-like growth factor-I and bone mineral density is useful for detecting prevalent vertebral fractures in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Determinants of poor sleep quality in elderly patients with diabetes mellitus, hyperlipidemia and hypertension in Singapore.
HbA1c for diagnosis and prognosis of gestational diabetes mellitus.
Using Ice Cream for Diagnosis of Diabetes Mellitus and Impaired Glucose Tolerance: An Alternative to the Oral Glucose Tolerance Test.
The effect of metformin on TSH levels in euthyroid and hypothyroid newly diagnosed diabetes mellitus type 2 patients.
Glucose screening within six months postpartum among Chinese mothers with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus: a prospective cohort study.
[Physical Activity and Quality of Life in Patients With Type II Diabetes Mellitus].
Cardiac resynchronization therapy with a defibrillator (CRTd) in failing heart patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus and treated by glucagon-like peptide 1 receptor agonists (GLP-1 RA) therapy vs. conventional hypoglycemic drugs: arrhythmic burden, hospitalizations for heart failure, and CRTd responders rate.
Arachidonic acid and lipoxinA4 attenuate streptozotocin-induced cytotoxicity to RIN5 F cells in vitro and type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus in vivo.
Arterial stiffness in diabetes mellitus.
Incidence and Risk Factors of Posttransplantation Diabetes Mellitus in Living Donor Kidney Transplantation: A Single-Center Retrospective Study in China.
Beneficial effects of green cardamom on serum SIRT1, glycemic indices and triglyceride levels in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a randomized double-blind placebo controlled clinical trial.
Linagliptin versus sitagliptin in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a network meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Lack of Association Between <i>Toxoplasma gondii</i> Infection and Diabetes Mellitus: A Matched Case-Control Study in a Mexican Population.
BENEFITS OF EARLY SCREENING AND PROPER TREATMENT IN PATIENT WITH SIGNIFICANT RISK FACTORS FOR GESTATIONAL DIABETES MELLITUS (CASE REPORT).
Pre, peri and posttransplant diabetes mellitus.
Soy and the risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus: A systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
The role of lnc-DC long non-coding RNA and SOCS1 in the regulation of STAT3 in coronary artery disease and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Improved glycemic control with once-weekly dulaglutide in addition to insulin therapy in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients on hemodialysis evaluated by continuous glucose monitoring.
Plasma lipids affect dabigatran etexilate anticoagulation in rats with unbalanced diabetes mellitus.
Targeting oxidative stress through antioxidants in diabetes mellitus.
Depressive symptoms prior to and following insulin initiation in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: Prevalence, risk factors and effect on physician resource utilisation.
Comparison of the pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of dapagliflozin in patients with type 1 versus type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Advances in Exercise, Physical Activity, and Diabetes Mellitus.
Short-term and long-term effects of dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitors in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients with renal impairment: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
The potential pathogenic role of IL-17/Th17 cells in both type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Serum content of total adipionectin in the ChNPP accident clean up workers of the «iodine period» suffering from type 2 diabetes mellitus (literature review and research data).
Total and Differential Leukocyte Counts in Relation to Incidence of Diabetes Mellitus: A Prospective Population-Based Cohort Study.
Levels of personality functioning and not depression predict decline of plasma glucose concentration in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Progressive polyuria without vasopressin neuron loss in a mouse model for familial neurohypophysial diabetes insipidus.
Accurate and rapid screening model for potential diabetes mellitus.
[The effect of mobile application based interactive peer support on glycemic control in patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus].
Differential Impact of Homelessness on Glycemic Control in Veterans with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Efficacy and safety of sitagliptin in elderly patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A focus on hypoglycemia.
 Targeting Glycemic Level in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus to that of Normal Pregnancy would result in a better Maternal-Fetal Outcome.
PCSK9 Inhibitors in Lipid Management of Patients With Diabetes Mellitus and High Cardiovascular Risk: A Review.
Guidelines for Stroke Survivors With Diabetes Mellitus.
Auditory Late Latency Response in Individuals with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
The Percentage of Continuous Subcutaneous Insulin Infusion Usage Among Adult Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus Patients in Japan: A Cross-Sectional Study at National Hospital Organization Hospitals.
Risk factors of gestational diabetes mellitus using results of a prospective population-based study in Iranian pregnant women.
Insulin Treatment Cannot Promote Lipogenesis in Rat Fetal Lung in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Because of Failure to Redress the Imbalance Among SREBP-1, SCAP, and INSIG-1.
Stable Incretin Mimetics Counter Rapid Deterioration of Bone Quality in Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus.
Self-care practice and associated factors among Diabetes Mellitus patients on follow up in Benishangul Gumuz Regional State Public Hospitals, Western Ethiopia: a cross-sectional study.
QT interval prolongation and bradycardia in lithium-induced nephrogenic diabetes insipidus.
Canine diabetes mellitus risk factors: A matched case-control study.
Experimental Diabetes Mellitus in Different Animal Models.
Case report of a thermal burns patient with diabetes insipidus.
Generalizing Intensive Blood Pressure Treatment to Adults With Diabetes Mellitus.
Controversy of oral hypoglycemic agents in type 2 diabetes mellitus: Novel move towards combination therapies.
[Changes of lactate levels in diabetic ketoacidosis and in newly diagnosed type 1 diabetes mellitus].
Urinary bisphenol-A levels in children with type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Diabetes mellitus and poorer prognosis in hepatocellular carcinoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Renal function preservation with pioglitazone or with basal insulin as an add-on therapy for patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Different risk factor profiles for ischemic and hemorrhagic stroke in type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Pharmacogenomics in diabetes mellitus: insights into drug action and drug discovery.
Pancreatic exocrine insufficiency, diabetes mellitus and serum nutritional markers after acute pancreatitis.
[Permanent neonatal diabetes mellitus in a young Ukrainian child].
Central diabetes insipidus in an African Grey parrot.
Pharmacogenetics of post-transplant diabetes mellitus in children with renal transplantation treated with tacrolimus.
Elevated lipoprotein(a) levels predict cardiovascular disease in type 2 diabetes mellitus: a 10-year prospective cohort study.
Vasopressin increases S261 phosphorylation in AQP2-P262L, a mutant in recessive nephrogenic diabetes insipidus.
[Lung function in patients with diabetes mellitus].
KCNJ11 and KCNQ1 Gene Polymorphisms Are Not Associated with Post-Transplant Diabetes Mellitus in Kidney Allograft Recipients Treated with Tacrolimus.
Conversion of gestational diabetes mellitus to future Type 2 diabetes mellitus and the predictive value of HbA<sub>1c</sub> in an Indian cohort.
Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus and Klinefelter Syndrome.
Impact of frailty in older patients with diabetes mellitus: An overview.
Metabolic Determinants of Impaired Pulmonary Function in Patients with Newly Diagnosed Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Diabetes mellitus, metformin and head and neck cancer.
An alternative approach to modelling HbA1c trajectories in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
The Relationship between Plasma Taurine Levels and Diabetic Complications in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
[Role of HPA and HPT Axis in Anxiety Disorder Complicated with Diabetes Mellitus].
Increased Epicardial Adipose Tissue Thickness in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Obesity.
Circulating microRNAs -192 and -194 are associated with the presence and incidence of diabetes mellitus.
Burden of Illness in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
The Significance of Right Ventricle in Young Subjects with Diabetes Mellitus Type 1. An echocardiographyic study.
Association between plasma homocysteine levels and end-organ damage in newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes mellitus patients.
Influence of Diabetes Mellitus on Outcomes in Patients After Left Ventricular Assist Device Implantation.
Central diabetes insipidus following digestion Solanum indicum L. concentrated solution.
Diabetes mellitus and responsiveness of endometrial hyperplasia and early endometrial cancer to conservative treatment.
One-year weight losses in the Tianjin Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Prevention Programme: A randomized clinical trial.
Leptin Level in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus after Fetal Pancreatic Stem Cell Transplant.
[Epidemiology of diabetes mellitus in South America: The experience of Colombia].
Long-term clinical outcomes of patients with coronary chronic total occlusion treated with percutaneous coronary intervention versus medical therapy according to presence of diabetes mellitus.
V2R structure and diabetes insipidus.
T3 supplementation affects ventilatory timing & glucose levels in type 2 diabetes mellitus model.
Diagnostic power of longitudinal strain at rest for the detection of obstructive coronary artery disease in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Venous thromboembolism and risk of cancer in patients with diabetes mellitus.
[Prospective observational study of insulin detemir in patients with poorly controlled type 2 diabetes mellitus initiating insulin therapy for the first time (SOLVE Study)].
Preparation-related structural diversity and medical potential in the treatment of diabetes mellitus with ginseng pectins.
Incidence of Posttransplantation Diabetes Mellitus in De Novo Kidney Transplant Recipients Receiving Prolonged-Release Tacrolimus-Based Immunosuppression With 2 Different Corticosteroid Minimization Strategies: ADVANCE, A Randomized Controlled Trial.
Downregulated NLRP3 and NLRP1 inflammasomes signaling pathways in the development and progression of type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Genetic variants and clinical relevance associated with gestational diabetes mellitus in Chinese women: a case-control study.
Bridging-type enzyme-linked immunoassay for zinc transporter 8 autoantibody measurements in adult patients with diabetes mellitus.
The role of advanced glycation end-products in the development of coronary artery disease in patients with and without diabetes mellitus: a review.
Serum cystatin C as an indicator for early detection of diabetic nephropathy in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
The influence of diabetes mellitus on the post-operative outcome of elective primary total knee replacement: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Targeting blood pressure in people with diabetes mellitus.
Ethnic variation of IL-4 intron 3 VNTR gene polymorphism; its association with type 2 diabetes mellitus and its complication (neuropathy) in Egyptian subjects.
Association between systemic leptin and neurotensin concentration in adult individuals with and without type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Vasopressin Bolus Protocol Compared to Desmopressin (DDAVP) for Managing Acute, Postoperative Central Diabetes Insipidus and Hypovolemic Shock.
Intraepidermal nerve-fibre density as a biomarker of the course of neuropathy in patients with Type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Medicines for Treatment Intensification in Type 2 Diabetes and Type of Insulin in Type 1 and Type 2 Diabetes in Low-Resource Settings: Synopsis of the World Health Organization Guidelines on Second- and Third-Line Medicines and Type of Insulin for the Control of Blood Glucose Levels in Nonpregnant Adults With Diabetes Mellitus.
The Burden of Diabetes Mellitus in Patients with Coronary Heart Disease: A Methodological Approach to Assess Quality-Adjusted Life-Years Based on Individual-Level Longitudinal Survey Data.
Diabetes Mellitus Induces Hyperreactivity of 5-Hydroxytryptamine (5-HT)-Induced Constriction in Human Internal Thoracic Artery and Is Associated with Increase in the Membrane Protein Level of 5-HT<sub>2A</sub> Receptor.
Clinical correlates and pharmacological management of Asian patients with concomitant diabetes mellitus and heart failure.
A dose-response study of aerobic training for oxygen uptake, oxidative stress and cardiac autonomic function in type 2 diabetes mellitus: study protocol for a randomized controlled trial.
Health-related quality-of-life implications of cardiovascular events in individuals with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A subanalysis from the Saxagliptin Assessment of Vascular Outcomes Recorded in Patients with Diabetes Mellitus (SAVOR)-TIMI 53 trial.
Societal Marketing in the Treatment of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Longitudinal Questionnaire Survey for Michelin-Starred Restaurants in Japan.
Voxel-based morphology analysis of STZ-induced type 1 diabetes mellitus rats with and without cognitive impairment.
Type 2 diabetes mellitus outcomes after laparoscopic gastric bypass in patients with BMI <35 kg/m<sup>2</sup> using strict remission criteria: early outcomes of a prospective study among Mexicans.
Differential impact of diabetes mellitus type II and arterial hypertension on collateral artery growth and concomitant macrophage accumulation.
Serum metabolites predict response to angiotensin II receptor blockers in patients with diabetes mellitus.
Path to Personalized Medicine for Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: Reality and Hope.
Fetal Pancreatic Stem-Cell Transplant in Patients With Diabetes Mellitus.
No correlation between statin exposure and incident diabetes mellitus in HIV-1-infected patients receiving combination antiretroviral therapy.
Association between a guided meditation practice, sleep and psychological well-being in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients.
Effectiveness of bioengineered islet cell sheets for the treatment of diabetes mellitus.
The relationship between vitronectin and hepatic insulin resistance in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Pituitary apoplexy precipitating diabetes insipidus after living donor liver transplantation.
Pitfall in the Diagnosis of Diabetes Insipidus and Pregnancy.
Numerical Study on Stochastic Diabetes Mellitus Model with Additive Noise.
A Systematic Review on Organophosphate Pesticide and Type II Diabetes Mellitus.
Multimodal optical measurement for study of lower limb tissue viability in patients with diabetes mellitus.
A combination of process of care and clinical target among type 2 diabetes mellitus patients in general medical clinics and specialist diabetes clinics at hospital levels.
Insulin provision therapy and mortality in older adults with diabetes mellitus and stable ischemic heart disease: Insights from BARI-2D trial.
Challenges Related to Glycemic Control in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Patients.
[Co-administration of intranasally delivered insulin and proinsulin C-peptide to rats with the types 1 and 2 diabetes mellitus restores their metabolic parameters.]
Rosiglitazone reduces breast cancer risk in Taiwanese female patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Ethnic differences in quality of life in insured older adults with diabetes mellitus in an integrated delivery system.
Diabetes mellitus, admission glucose, and outcomes after stroke thrombolysis: a registry and systematic review.
[The impact evaluation of a community-based intervention supporting type 2 diabetes mellitus patients in their self-management of the disease].
Nano curcumin supplementation reduced the severity of diabetic sensorimotor polyneuropathy in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A randomized double-blind placebo- controlled clinical trial.
[Treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus in elderly patients].
Suppression of Hepatic FLOT1 (Flotillin-1) by Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Impairs the Disposal of Remnant Lipoproteins via Syndecan-1.
Epidemiological multicentre study on the education provided to patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus in the Spanish Health Care System. The Forma2 study.
[Position statement: surgery and diabetes mellitus (Update 2019)].
Deletion distal to the PAX6 coding region reveals a novel basis for familial cosegregation of aniridia and diabetes mellitus.
C-reactive Protein Is Associated With Prevalence of the Metabolic Syndrome, Hypertension, and Diabetes Mellitus in US Adults.
Podocyturia parallels proximal tubule dysfunction in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients independently of albuminuria and renal function decline: A cross-sectional study.
Causal Associations of Adiposity and Body Fat Distribution With Coronary Heart Disease, Stroke Subtypes, and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Mendelian Randomization Analysis.
Diabetes Mellitus Is Associated with Occult Cancer in Endometrial Hyperplasia.
Long-term maternal cardiometabolic outcomes 22 years following gestational diabetes mellitus.
Correlation of placental pathology and perinatal outcomes with Hemoglobin A1c in early pregnancy in gravidas with pregestational diabetes mellitus.
Sotagliflozin: a dual sodium-glucose co-transporter-1 and -2 inhibitor for the management of Type 1 and Type 2 diabetes mellitus.
[Correlation Between Testosterone and Metabolic Index in Male Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus].
FXR activation alleviates tacrolimus-induced post-transplant diabetes mellitus by regulating renal gluconeogenesis and glucose uptake.
Type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus and incidence of seven cardiovascular diseases.
Effects of n-3 Fatty Acid Supplements in Diabetes Mellitus.
A Bioinformatics Approach to the Identification of Variants Associated with Type 1 and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus that Reside in Functionally Validated miRNAs Binding Sites.
Glycemic Control, Preexisting Cardiovascular Disease, and Risk of Major Cardiovascular Events in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: Systematic Review With Meta-Analysis of Cardiovascular Outcome Trials and Intensive Glucose Control Trials.
Cardiovascular Risk and Risk Factor Management in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
[A 20-year prospective follow-up study to evaluate the development of retinopathy and nephropathy after the onset of type 1 diabetes mellitus: Contribution of glycemic control and metabolic memory].
Comorbidity Analysis between Alzheimer's Disease and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (T2DM) Based on Shared Pathways and the Role of T2DM Drugs.
Anti-Hyperglycemic Agents for the Treatment of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: Role in Cardioprotection During the Last Decade.
Default Mode Network Connectivity and Related White Matter Disruption in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Patients Concurrent with Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment.
Salivary Alkaline Phosphatase as a Noninvasive Marker for Periodontal Disease in Children with Uncontrolled Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus.
Recent Insights into Pharmacologic Cardiovascular Risk Reduction in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Validity and reliability of a Malay version of the brief illness perception questionnaire for patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Complexity of pathomechanisms leading to diastolic heart failure in diabetes mellitus - potential field for therapeutic interventions?
Mouse Models of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in Drug Discovery.
Prevalence and biochemical risk factors of diabetic peripheral neuropathy with or without neuropathic pain in Taiwanese adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Glycemic Variability and Insulin Needs in Patients with Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus Supplemented with Vitamin D: A Pilot Study Using Continuous Glucose Monitoring System.
Effect of AMP-activated protein kinase subunit alpha 2 (PRKAA2) genetic polymorphisms on susceptibility to type 2 diabetes mellitus and diabetic nephropathy in a Chinese population.
Trends in the epidemiology and care of diabetes mellitus-related end-stage renal disease in France, 2007-2011.
Probiotic reduces bacterial translocation in type 2 diabetes mellitus: A randomised controlled study.
Spontaneous remission of diabetes insipidus due to CNS sarcoidosis.
Diabetes mellitus and risk of pancreatic cancer in China: A meta-analysis based on 26 case-control studies.
Dual therapy of vildagliptin and telmisartan on diabetic nephropathy in experimentally induced type 2 diabetes mellitus rats.
Low serum phosphate and magnesium levels are associated with peripheral neuropathy in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Sudden onset of immune-mediated type 1 diabetes mellitus in a 93-year-old woman: a case report.
Targeted Glycemic Control for Adult Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in the Acute Care Setting.
A Patient with Nivolumab-related Fulminant Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus whose Serum C-peptide Level Was Preserved at the Initial Detection of Hyperglycemia.
Septo-optic dysplasia plus: a patient with diabetes insipidus.
Approaches to rapid acting insulin intensification in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus not achieving glycemic targets.
Comorbidity of Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus in Patients with Juvenile Idiopathic Arthritis.
Association of IL-6 C-174G (rs 1800795) single nucleotide polymorphism with type 2 diabetes mellitus in Pakistani population.
Association of trace metal elements with lipid profiles in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients: a cross sectional study.
Prevalence and Outcomes of Polyvascular (Coronary, Peripheral, or Cerebrovascular) Disease in Patients With Diabetes Mellitus (From the SAVOR-TIMI 53 Trial).
Recent development of single preparations and fixed-dose combination tablets for the treatment of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus : A comprehensive summary for antidiabetic drugs.
Association of vitamin D status and the risk of cardiovascular disease as assessed by various cardiovascular risk scoring systems in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
[Cell engineering in the treatment of diabetes mellitus: current state and prospectives].
Epidemiologic study of type 2 diabetes mellitus and metabolic syndrome in rural population of kurdistan province, Iran, in 2011-2017.
Fatigue Among Adults With Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus and Implications for Self-Management: An Integrative Review.
The Nile Rat (Arvicanthis niloticus) as a Superior Carbohydrate-Sensitive Model for Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (T2DM).
Trauma-induced central diabetes insipidus in a cat.
Is health related quality of life influenced by diabetic neuropathic pain among type II diabetes mellitus patients in Ethiopia?
A systematic review on the impact of diabetes mellitus on the ocular surface.
Prevalence and risk factors of gestational diabetes mellitus: findings from a universal screening feasibility program in Lima, Peru.
Focus on migrants with type 2 diabetes mellitus in European Countries.
Diabetes mellitus and risk of ischemic stroke in patients with heart failure and no atrial fibrillation.
The role of type 2 diabetes mellitus on hypertensive-related aortic stiffness.
Outcome of focused pre-Ramadan education on metabolic and glycaemic parameters in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Kalpaamruthaa ameliorates mitochondrial and metabolic alterations in diabetes mellitus induced cardiovascular damage.
Association between Serum Cystatin C and Vascular Complications in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus without Nephropathy.
Poor risk factor control in outpatients with diabetes mellitus type 2 in Germany: The DIAbetes COhoRtE (DIACORE) study.
Differences in skin blood flow oscillations between the plantar and dorsal foot in people with diabetes mellitus and peripheral neuropathy.
Is diabetes mellitus correctly registered and classified in primary care? A population-based study in Catalonia, Spain.
Nephrogenic diabetes insipidus : Old deletion, new effect. A case report of a family from Greece.
Long-term Cost-effectiveness of Two GLP-1 Receptor Agonists for the Treatment of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in the Italian Setting: Liraglutide Versus Lixisenatide.
An association of type 1 diabetes mellitus with auditory dysfunction: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Driver medical fitness and diabetes mellitus: legislative changes in 2018 and a summary of health aspects.
Efficacy and safety of empagliflozin in combination with other oral hypoglycemic agents in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Treatment Deintensification Is Uncommon in Adults With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Retrospective Cohort Study.
Association between the use of protease inhibitors in highly active antiretroviral therapy and incidence of diabetes mellitus and/or metabolic syndrome in HIV-infected patients: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Impact of diabetes mellitus and hepatitis B virus coinfection on patients with chronic hepatitis C: A territory-wide cohort study.
Diabetes mellitus as a cause or comorbidity of chronic kidney disease and its outcomes: the Gonryo study.
Clinical outcomes with reservoir-based polymer-free amphilimus-eluting stents in real-world patients according to diabetes mellitus and complexity: The INVESTIG8 registry.
The fasting serum triglyceride levels of elderly population with different progression stages of diabetes mellitus in China.
Diabetes Mellitus as an Independent Predictor of Survival of Patients Surgically Treated for Renal Cell Carcinoma: A Propensity Score Matching Study.
Central diabetes insipidus presenting as an early sign of acute myeloid leukemia.
Prevalence of diabetic retinopathy in screening-detected diabetes mellitus: results from the Gutenberg Health Study (GHS).
Central diabetes insipidus after transsphenoidal surgery in dogs with Cushing's disease.
Hyperglycemia induces epithelial-mesenchymal transition in the lungs of experimental diabetes mellitus.
Fetuin-A levels and risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Clinical and bacteriological influence of diabetes mellitus on deep neck infection: Systematic review and meta-analysis.
Treatment of Diabetic Autonomic Neuropathy in Older Adults with Diabetes Mellitus.
Diabetes mellitus and risk of early-onset Alzheimer's disease: a population-based case-control study.
Five-Year-Results of Laparoscopic Sleeve Gastrectomy with Duodenojejunal Bypass for Weight Loss and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Mortality from diabetes mellitus, 2004 to 2008: A multiple-cause-of-death analysis.
Consensus document of the Spanish Society of Arteriosclerosis (SEA) for the prevention and treatment of cardiovascular disease in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
A Pharmacometabolomic Approach to Predict Response to Metformin in Early-Phase Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Patients.
Korean Red Ginseng Protects Against Mitochondrial Damage and Intracellular Inflammation in an Animal Model of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Quality goal attainment and maintenance in patients with type II diabetes mellitus initiated on canagliflozin or a glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonist in an actual practice setting.
Real-world evaluation of Hba1c, blood pressure, and weight loss among patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus treated with canagliflozin: an analysis of electronic medical records from a network of hospitals in Florida.
Association between polychlorinated biphenyls and diabetes mellitus in the German HELPcB cohort.
Micro-RNA Binding Site Polymorphisms in the WFS1 Gene Are Risk Factors of Diabetes Mellitus.
A Review of Distribution of Atherosclerosis in the Lower Limb Arteries of Patients With Diabetes Mellitus and Peripheral Vascular Disease.
Effect of pioglitazone treatment on brown adipose tissue volume and activity and hypothalamic gliosis in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a proof-of-concept study.
Relationship between cardiac microvascular dysfunction measured with 82Rubidium-PET and albuminuria in patients with diabetes mellitus.
Cardiac Biomarkers in Youth with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: Results from the TODAY Study.
Weak bones in diabetes mellitus - an update on pharmaceutical treatment options.
Phlorotannins: Towards New Pharmacological Interventions for Diabetes Mellitus Type 2.
Impact of Empagliflozin on Blood Pressure in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Hypertension by Background Antihypertensive Medication.
Ethnobotanical survey of medicinal plants used to manage High Blood Pressure and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in Bitterfontein, Western Cape Province, South Africa.
Impact of Sleeve Gastrectomy on Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus, Gastric Emptying Time, Glucagon-Like Peptide 1 (GLP-1), Ghrelin and Leptin in Non-morbidly Obese Subjects with BMI 30-35.0 kg/m<sup>2</sup>: a Prospective Study.
Correlation Between Neck Circumference and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Associated Risk Factors During Pregnancy.
Cardiac autonomic neuropathy may play a role in pathogenesis of atherosclerosis in type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Two new large deletions of the AVPR2 gene causing nephrogenic diabetes insipidus and a review of previously published deletions.
Late-onset familial neurohypophyseal diabetes insipidus due to a novel mutation in the AVP gene.
Poor sleep during early pregnancy increases subsequent risk of gestational diabetes mellitus.
The relationship between serum asymmetric dimethylarginine levels and subjective sleep quality in normotensive patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Pre-existing diabetes mellitus and all-cause mortality in cancer patients: a register-based study in Latvia.
Testicular Dysfunction is a Common Feature in Men with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in a Nigerian Tertiary Hospital.
Risk factors for necrobiosis lipoidica in Type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Relationships between the duration of illness and the current status of diabetes in elderly patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Rapamycin inhibits activation of AMPK-mTOR signaling pathway-induced Alzheimer's disease lesion in hippocampus of rats with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
CO-EXISTING PROSTATE CANCER AND DIABETES MELLITUS: IMPLICATIONS FOR PATIENT OUTCOMES AND CARE.
Usefulness of Plasma Tissue Inhibitor of Matrix Metalloproteinase-4 to Predict Death and Myocardial Infarction in Patients With Diabetes Mellitus Referred for Coronary Angiography.
[Related factors of diabetic nephropathy in patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus].
Bariatric surgery in managing diabetes mellitus.
Acute large-dose exposure to organophosphates in patients with and without diabetes mellitus: analysis of mortality rate and new-onset diabetes mellitus.
Cost of diabetes mellitus in Africa: a systematic review of existing literature.
Relationship between progression of type 2 diabetes mellitus and olfactory function.
Urinary oxalate as a potential mediator of kidney disease in diabetes mellitus and obesity.
Behavioural, morphological and electrophysiological assessment of the effects of type 2 diabetes mellitus on large and small nerve fibres in Zucker diabetic fatty, Zucker lean and Wistar rats.
Residential Racial Isolation and Spatial Patterning of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in Durham, North Carolina.
Impact of type 2 diabetes mellitus in the utilization and in-hospital outcomes of surgical mitral valve replacement in Spain (2001-2015).
Cognitive Impairment and its Association with Glycemic Control in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Patients.
Diabetes Mellitus and Ischemic Heart Disease: The Role of Ion Channels.
Higher tacrolimus blood concentration is related to increased risk of post-transplantation diabetes mellitus after living donor liver transplantation.
Diabetes mellitus adversely affects mortality and recurrence after valve surgery for infective endocarditis.
Improving type 2 diabetes mellitus glycaemic outcomes is possible without spending more on medication: Lessons from the UK National Diabetes Audit.
Novel <i>AVPR2</i> variant in a male infant with nephrogenic diabetes insipidus who showed delayed head control.
What next after basal insulin? Treatment intensification with lixisenatide in Asian patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Team care of type 2 diabetes mellitus in Taiwan.
Predictors of Long-Term Remission and Relapse of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Following Gastric Bypass in Severely Obese Patients.
Metformin reduces risk of benign nodular goiter in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
ADAMTS13 activity as a novel risk factor for incident type 2 diabetes mellitus: a population-based cohort study.
[Relation of variant rs180077 of gen cholesterol ester transfer protein variant, with fat mass, HDL-cholesterol in obese subjects with diabetes mellitus type 2].
Correlation of blood glucose, serum chemerin and insulin resistance with NAFLD in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Helicobacter pylori and diabetes mellitus: a controversial relationship.
BPI-3016, a novel long-acting hGLP-1 analogue for the treatment of Type 2 diabetes mellitus.
The Effect of Low-Carbohydrate Diet on Glycemic Control in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Early and Chronic Dipeptidyl-Peptidase-IV Inhibition and Cardiovascular Events in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus After an Acute Coronary Syndrome: A Landmark Analysis of the EXAMINE Trial.
A variant of GRK5 is associated with the therapeutic efficacy of repaglinide in Chinese Han patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Potential impact of SGLT2 inhibitors on left ventricular diastolic function in patients with diabetes mellitus.
Cytokine ratios in chronic periodontitis and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Consumption of citrus and cruciferous vegetables with incident type 2 diabetes mellitus based on a meta-analysis of prospective study.
Prevalence of Diabetes Mellitus and Exposure to Suspended Particulate Matter.
Lithium-induced nephrogenic diabetes insipidus after coronary artery bypass.
Erythroleukaemia, diabetes insipidus and hypophyseal damage: Two case reports.
Evaluation of Dyslipidaemia Using an Algorithm of Lipid Profile Measures among Newly Diagnosed Type II Diabetes Mellitus Patients: A Cross-Sectional Study at Dormaa Presbyterian Hospital, Ghana.
Diabetes Mellitus with Chronic Complications in Relation to Carotid Endarterectomy and Carotid Artery Stenting Outcomes.
Influence of high density lipoprotein cholesterol levels on circulating monocytic angiogenic cells functions in individuals with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
A novel mitochondrial DNA deletion in a patient with Pearson syndrome and neonatal diabetes mellitus provides insight into disease etiology, severity and progression.
Association between effort-reward imbalance and self-reported diabetes mellitus in older U.S. workers.
Thrombin receptor protease-activated receptor 4 is a key regulator of exaggerated intimal thickening in diabetes mellitus.
Predictors of type 1 diabetes mellitus outcomes in young adults after transition from pediatric care.
The Association of Handgrip Strength and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in Six Ethnic Groups: An Analysis of the HELIUS Study.
Sodium glucose cotransporter SGLT1 as a therapeutic target in diabetes mellitus.
Phytomedicines Used for Diabetes Mellitus in Ghana: A Systematic Search and Review of Preclinical and Clinical Evidence.
Differences Between Patient-Reported Versus Clinician-Observed Nonulcerative Signs and Symptoms of the Foot in Patients With Diabetes Mellitus.
Breast cancer with diabetes insipidus.
Clinical implication of alterations in serum Klotho levels in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus and its associated complications.
Circadian Etiology of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Dietary intake habits and the prevalence of nocturia in Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus and results of the screening tests at a tertiary referral center: A cross-sectional study.
Prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus in mainland China: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Comments on current guidelines of type 2 diabetes mellitus treatment].
MECHANISMS IN ENDOCRINOLOGY: Diabetes mellitus, a state of low bone turnover - a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Type 2 diabetes mellitus and atrial fibrillation: From mechanisms to clinical practice.
Prevalence of type 2 diabetes, prediabetes, and gestational diabetes mellitus in women of childbearing age in Middle East and North Africa, 2000-2017: protocol for two systematic reviews and meta-analyses.
Lithium intoxication and nephrogenic diabetes insipidus: a case report and review of literature.
Depressive Symptoms Mediate the Relationship between Emotional Cutoff and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Influence of apocynin on cardiac remodeling in rats with streptozotocin-induced diabetes mellitus.
Challenges And Factors Associated With Poor Glycemic Control Among Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Patients At Nekemte Referral Hospital, Western Ethiopia.
Impact of diabetes mellitus on 5-year clinical outcomes following successful endovascular revascularization for peripheral artery disease.
Does adherence to the therapeutic regimen associate with health related quality of life: Findings from an observational study of type 2 diabetes mellitus patients in Pakistan.
Hypoglycemia as a symptom of adrenal dysfunction in patients with diabetes mellitus: rare but real situation.
Intrinsic foot muscle and plantar tissue changes in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Lower glycemic indices and lipid profile among type 2 diabetes mellitus patients who received novel dose of Silybum marianum (L.) Gaertn. (silymarin) extract supplement: A Triple-blinded randomized controlled clinical trial.
The influence of anti-hyperglycemic drug therapy on cardiovascular and heart failure outcomes in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Prediction of new onset of end stage renal disease in Chinese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus - a population-based retrospective cohort study.
Reduced GLP-1 Secretion at 30 Minutes After a 75-g Oral Glucose Load Is Observed in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Prospective Cohort Study.
The association between quality of life and complementary and alternative medicine use in patients with diabetes mellitus.
Type 2 diabetes mellitus in pregnancy: The impact of maternal weight and early glycaemic control on outcomes.
[Psychological variables associated with adherence to treatment and complications in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus].
Hypoglycaemia in diabetes mellitus: epidemiology and clinical implications.
Correlation between chronotropic incompetence and metabolic equivalents in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus and concomitant metabolic syndrome.
Preoperative Fasting Plasma C-Peptide Levels as Predictors of Remission of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus after Bariatric Surgery: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Potential therapeutic value of TRPV1 and TRPA1 in diabetes mellitus and obesity.
[The occurrence and impact on survival of type 2 diabetes mellitus and thrombocytosis in colorectal cancer, before and after the surgical resection of the primary tumor].
Bipolar disorder and diabetes mellitus: evidence for disease-modifying effects and treatment implications.
Distinct Predictors and Comorbidities in Early Onset Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Among Asian Indians.
Plasma copeptin in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus in comparison to healthy controls.
Diabetes mellitus and extrapulmonary tuberculosis: site distribution and risk of mortality.
Postpartum IGF-I and IGFBP-2 levels are prospectively associated with the development of type 2 diabetes in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus.
Hyperbaric Oxygen therapy effects on bone regeneration in Type 1 diabetes mellitus in rats.
Prevalence and risk factors of diabetic peripheral neuropathy in Type 2 diabetes mellitus patients with overweight/obese in Guangdong province, China.
HbA1c presents low sensitivity as a post-pregnancy screening test for both diabetes and prediabetes in Greek women with history of gestational diabetes mellitus.
Eating Behaviours and Prevalence of Gastroesophageal Reflux Disease in Japanese Adult Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: The Dogo Study.
Associations of grandparental diabetes mellitus with grandchild BMI status.
Liraglutide reduces systolic blood pressure in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Metabolic Stress and Cardiovascular Disease in Diabetes Mellitus: The Role of Protein <i>O</i>-GlcNAc Modification.
Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in Saudi Arabia: Major Challenges and Possible Solutions.
Mild type 2 diabetes mellitus improves remote endothelial dysfunction after acute myocardial infarction.
Vitamin D and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
A case of pembrolizumab-induced type-1 diabetes mellitus and discussion of immune checkpoint inhibitor-induced type 1 diabetes.
Associations between retinal arteriolar and venular calibre with the prevalence of impaired fasting glucose and diabetes mellitus: A cross-sectional study.
Molecular aspects of diabetes mellitus: Resistin, microRNA, and exosome.
The Effect of Thyroid Dysfunction on the Cardiovascular Risk of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Patients in Ghana.
Prevalence of hand syndromes among patients with diabetes mellitus in Taiwan: A population-based study.
Survey to estimate the prevalence of type 2 diabetes mellitus in hospital patients in Germany by systematic HbA1c measurement upon admission.
Ginsenoside Rk3 ameliorates high-fat-diet/streptozocin induced type 2 diabetes mellitus in mice via the AMPK/Akt signaling pathway.
Concomitant administration of resveratrol and insulin protects against diabetes mellitus type-1-induced renal damage and impaired function via an antioxidant-mediated mechanism and up-regulation of Na<sup>+</sup>/K<sup>+</sup>-ATPase.
Consumption of dairy foods in relation to impaired glucose metabolism and type 2 diabetes mellitus: the Maastricht Study.
The Evidence for an Obesity Paradox in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Addressing diabetes mellitus as part of the strategy for ending TB.
Perinatal mortality in Japanese women diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus and diabetes mellitus.
Work-related psychosocial stress and glycemic control among working adults with diabetes mellitus.
Depressive symptoms and prevalence of erectile dysfunction in Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: the Dogo Study.
Diabetes Mellitus and Heart Failure.
Evaluation of salivary antioxidants and oxidative stress markers in type 2 diabetes mellitus: A retrospective cohort study.
Understanding preferences for type 2 diabetes mellitus self-management support through a patient-centered approach: a 2-phase mixed-methods study.
[Risk factors analysis of gestational diabetes mellitus based on International Association of Diabetes Pregnancy Study Groups criteria].
Diabetes mellitus and the risk of gastrointestinal cancer in women compared with men: a meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Natural products for the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus: Pharmacology and mechanisms.
Urinary Pentosidine levels negatively associates with trabecular bone scores in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Incidence and predisposing factors for the development of disturbed glucose metabolism and DIabetes mellitus AFter Intensive Care admission: the DIAFIC study.
Potential role of purinergic signaling in lithium-induced nephrogenic diabetes insipidus.
The association of metabolic syndrome components and diabetes mellitus: evidence from China National Stroke Screening and Prevention Project.
Seasonal Variation in Blood Pressure in 162,135 Patients With Type 1 or Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Family CHAOS is associated with glycaemic control in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus.
[Influence of awareness on the behaviors of Chinese adults with diabetes mellitus].
Outcomes with coronary artery bypass graft surgery versus percutaneous coronary intervention for patients with diabetes mellitus: can newer generation drug-eluting stents bridge the gap?
Does working memory training improve dietary self-care in type 2 diabetes mellitus? Results of a double blind randomised controlled trial.
Adiponectin as a Protective Factor Against the Progression Toward Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in Postmenopausal Women.
Intensity of Oxidative Stress in Mongoloid and Caucasian Patients with Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus.
Incidence of diabetes mellitus-related comorbidities among patients attending two major HIV clinics in Botswana: a 12-year retrospective cohort study.
Defective production of interleukin-1 beta in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: Restoration by proper glycemic control.
Early development of calcific aortic valve disease and left ventricular hypertrophy in a mouse model of combined dyslipidemia and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
High Incidence of Diabetes Mellitus Among a Middle-Aged Population in Iran: A Longitudinal Study.
Effects of Mobile Text Messaging on Glycemic Control in Patients With Coronary Heart Disease and Diabetes Mellitus: A Randomized Clinical Trial
Metabolomics Based on MS in Mice with Diet-Induced Obesity and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: the Effect of Vildagliptin, Metformin, and Their Combination.
Guideline treatment results in regression of atherosclerosis in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Boswellic extracts and 11-keto-ß-boswellic acids prevent type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus by suppressing the expression of proinflammatory cytokines.
Nephrogenic diabetes insipidus (NDI): clinical, laboratory and genetic characterization of five Brazilian patients.
Associations between Fatty Acid-Binding Protein 4⁻A Proinflammatory Adipokine and Insulin Resistance, Gestational and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Punicic acid: A potential compound of pomegranate seed oil in Type 2 diabetes mellitus management.
Prevalence of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Among Men in the Middle East: A Retrospective Study.
Efficacy and safety of Dipeptidyl Peptidase-4 Inhibitors in kidney transplant recipients with Post-transplant diabetes mellitus (PTDM)-a systematic review and Meta-Analysis.
Increased Oral Porphyromonas gingivalis Prevalence in Cardiovascular Patients with Uncontrolled Diabetes Mellitus.
Accelerated onset of senescence of endothelial progenitor cells in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: role of dimethylarginine dimethylaminohydrolase 2 and asymmetric dimethylarginine.
An Exploratory Study of Dapagliflozin for the Attenuation of Albuminuria in Patients with Heart Failure and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (DAPPER).
Relationship Between Control of Glycemia and Gastric Emptying Disturbances in Diabetes Mellitus.
Carotenoids in the treatment of diabetes mellitus and its complications: A mechanistic review.
[The Investigation of Genes, Using an Improved Adenovirus Vector, and Food for the Treatment and Prevention of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus].
What matters in type 2 diabetes mellitus oral treatment? A discrete choice experiment to evaluate patient preferences.
[Modern approaches to components of therapy of patients with diabetes mellitus operated on for malignant neoplasms of small pelvic organs].
The Influence of Diabetes Mellitus on Glucuronidation and Sulphation of Paracetamol in Patients with Febrile Neutropenia.
Plasminogen Activator Inhibitor-1 and Pericardial Fat in Individuals with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Prevalence of diabetes mellitus and prediabetes in the adult Romanian population: PREDATORR study.
Immunoinflammatory mediators in the pathogenesis of diabetes mellitus.
A risk-score model for predicting risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus in a rural Chinese adult population: A cohort study with a 6-year follow-up.
Induction of labor before 40 weeks is associated with lower rate of cesarean delivery in women with gestational diabetes mellitus.
Risk Factors of Hypoglycemia in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Study Based on Continuous Glucose Monitoring.
Recent highlights of ATVB: diabetes mellitus.
Urinary Metabolomic Profiling in Zucker Diabetic Fatty Rats with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Treated with Glimepiride, Metformin, and Their Combination.
Inflammatory hypothesis as a link between Alzheimer's disease and diabetes mellitus.
Diabetes mellitus in North West Ethiopia: a community based study.
Can highly cited herbs in ancient Traditional Chinese medicine formulas and modern publications predict therapeutic targets for diabetes mellitus?
Impact of an electronic medical record reminder on hepatitis B vaccine initiation and completion rates among insured adults with diabetes mellitus.
[Hospitalizations and amputations for diabetes mellitus-trends and small-area variation in Germany].
Cardiac autonomic neuropathy in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus having peripheral neuropathy: A cross-sectional study.
The Pro12Ala polymorphism in the PPAR-γ2 gene is not associated with an increased risk of NAFLD in Iranian patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Epilepsy in children with type 1 diabetes mellitus: Pathophysiological basis and clinical hallmarks.
Estimating the Recurrence Rate of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) in Massachusetts 1998-2007: Methods and Findings.
Incidence of type 1 diabetes mellitus during 26 years of observation and prevalence of diabetic ketoacidosis in the later years.
Diabetes mellitus onset in geriatric patients: does long-term atypical antipsychotic exposure increase risk?
Type-2 diabetes mellitus reduces cortical thickness and decreases oxidative metabolism in sensorimotor regions after stroke.
Microvascular complications and their associated risk factors in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Potential Association of Triglyceride Glucose Index with Cardiac Autonomic Neuropathy in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Patients.
Prevalence and correlates of hypertension and diabetes mellitus in an urban community in North-Western Nigeria.
Adverse impact of diabetes mellitus on left ventricular remodelling in patients with chronic primary mitral regurgitation.
Excessive Daytime Sleepiness in Acute Ischemic Stroke: Association With Restless Legs Syndrome, Diabetes Mellitus, Obesity, and Sleep-Disordered Breathing.
Herbs for Effective Treatment of Diabetes Mellitus Wounds: Medicinal Chemistry and Future Therapeutic Options.
[Effect of iron overload on the level of carbohydrate antigen 199 in type 2 diabetes mellitus].
Use of desmopressin eye drops in the treatment of equine congenital central diabetes insipidus.
The role of zinc and copper in insulin resistance and diabetes mellitus.
Baseline Pancreatic Beta Cell Imaging After Pancreatic Transplantation Using Whole-Body 68Ga-DOTA-Exendin-4 PET/CT: A Spectrum of 2 Cases of Diabetes Mellitus.
Long-term type 1 diabetes mellitus creates a pro-atherogenic environment conducive to early atherosclerosis in rats.
Missed doses of oral antihyperglycemic medications in US adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus: prevalence and self-reported reasons.
Transcatheter aortic valve implantation and surgical aortic valve replacement among hospitalized patients with and without type 2 diabetes mellitus in Spain (2014-2015).
Comparison of insulin intensification strategies with insulin lispro low mixture twice daily versus basal insulin glargine and prandial insulin lispro once daily in East Asian and Caucasian patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Effectiveness of prepregnancy care for women with pregestational diabetes mellitus: protocol for a systematic review of the literature and identification of a core outcomes set using a Delphi survey.
Impaired bone matrix glycoprotein pattern is associated with increased cardio-metabolic risk profile in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Clinical Impact of the TCF7L2 Gene rs7903146 Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Risk Polymorphism in Women with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: Impaired Glycemic Control and Increased Need of Insulin Therapy.
Comparison of clinical pharmacy specialists and primary care physicians in treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus in rural Veterans Affairs facilities.
Effects of microRNA-21 on Nerve Cell Regeneration and Neural Function Recovery in Diabetes Mellitus Combined with Cerebral Infarction Rats by Targeting PDCD4.
[Prevalence of microalbuminuria in patients with diabetes mellitus in the Czech Republic: Project IDN-Micro].
Significant heat sensitivity increase detected in various types of diabetes mellitus patients by Akabane test for use of management of diabetic patients.
Differential diagnosis of hereditary nephrogenic diabetes insipidus with desmopressin infusion test.
Diagnosis of Nonischemic Stage B Heart Failure in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: Optimal Parameters for Prediction of Heart Failure.
Therapeutic potential of umbilical cord blood cells for type 1 diabetes mellitus.
A Systematic Review of the Medicinal Potential of Mulberry in Treating Diabetes Mellitus.
Predictive value of coronary computed tomography angiography in asymptomatic individuals with diabetes mellitus: Systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparative Cardiovascular Risk of Abatacept and Tumor Necrosis Factor Inhibitors in Patients With Rheumatoid Arthritis With and Without Diabetes Mellitus: A Multidatabase Cohort Study.
Zinc-Associated Variant in SLC30A8 Gene Interacts With Gestational Weight Gain on Postpartum Glycemic Changes: A Longitudinal Study in Women With Prior Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.
Positive hepatitis B surface antibody is associated with reduced risk of diabetes mellitus in retired female Chinese workers.
Effect of IFN-γ, IL-12 and IL-10 cytokine production and mRNA expression in tuberculosis patients with diabetes mellitus and their household contacts.
Diabetes Mellitus and Prevention of Late Myocardial Infarction After Coronary Stenting in the Randomized Dual Antiplatelet Therapy Study.
Endothelin-1 Gene Polymorphisms rs5370, rs1476046, and rs3087459 are not Associated with Diabetic Nephropathy in Caucasians with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Inadequate Vitamin C Status in Prediabetes and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: Associations with Glycaemic Control, Obesity, and Smoking.
Effect of Empagliflozin on the Metabolic Signature of Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Cardiovascular Disease.
Medication adherence and factors associated with poor adherence among type 2 diabetes mellitus patients on follow-up at Kenyatta National Hospital, Kenya.
Relationship of HDL-C and Triglyceride with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in Adult Female.
Direct glucosone-based synthesis and HILIC-ESI-MS/MS characterization of N-terminal fructosylated valine and valylhistidine for validation of enzymatic HbA<sub>1c</sub> assays in the diagnosis of diabetes mellitus.
Association of diabetes mellitus with non-Hodgkin lymphoma risk: a meta-analysis of cohort studies.
The role of organic cation transporter 2 inhibitor cimetidine, experimental diabetes mellitus and metformin on gabapentin pharmacokinetics in rats.
Real-world Canagliflozin Utilization: Glycemic Control Among Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus-A Multi-Database Synthesis.
Changes of regulatory T cells, transforming growth factor-beta and interleukin-10 in patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Integrative traditional Chinese medicine therapy reduces the risk of diabetic ketoacidosis in patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus.
A phase 3 randomized placebo-controlled trial to assess the efficacy and safety of ipragliflozin as an add-on therapy to metformin in Russian patients with inadequately controlled type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Hypoglycaemia risk in the first 8 weeks of titration with insulin glargine 100 U/mL in previously insulin-naive individuals with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Efficacy and Safety of the Absorb Everolimus-Eluting Bioresorbable Scaffold for Treatment of Patients With Diabetes Mellitus: Results of the Absorb Diabetic Substudy.
Pancreatic polypeptide response to a mixed meal is blunted in pancreatic head cancer associated with diabetes mellitus.
A randomized clinical trial of the efficacy and safety of sitagliptin compared with dapagliflozin in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus and mild renal insufficiency: The CompoSIT-R study.
ASSOCIATION OF DIABETES COMPENSATION WITH SLEEPING HABITS AND WELL-BEING IN PATIENTS WITH DIABETES MELLITUS.
Genetic Variants in <i>AC092159.2</i> and Risk of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus in a Chinese Population.
Arachidonic acid in health and disease with focus on hypertension and diabetes mellitus: A review.
Association between depression and persistence with oral antihyperglycemic drugs in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients in Germany.
Rising trend of diabetes mellitus amongst the undernourished: State -of- the -art review.
Prevalence and future prediction of type 2 diabetes mellitus in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia: A systematic review of published studies.
Multipotent mesenchymal stromal cells from patients with newly diagnosed type 1 diabetes mellitus exhibit preserved in vitro and in vivo immunomodulatory properties.
Screening, prevalence and ethnic variation of diabetes mellitus in people with acute stroke and transient ischaemic attack: a cross-sectional study in Northland, New Zealand.
Fenofibrate effects on arterial endothelial function in adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A FIELD substudy.
WHICH FACTORS MAY AFFECT THE QUALITY OF LIFE IN PATIENTS WITH TYPE 1 DIABETES MELLITUS USING THE MEDTRONIC VEO CONTINUOUS SUBCUTANEOUS INSULIN INFUSION PUMP?
Cognitive decline and dementia in diabetes mellitus: mechanisms and clinical implications.
Management of hypertension and diabetes mellitus by cardiovascular and endocrine physicians: a China registry.
Major Limb Outcomes Following Lower Extremity Endovascular Revascularization in Patients With and Without Diabetes Mellitus.
Effects of D-Pinitol on Insulin Resistance through the PI3K/Akt Signaling Pathway in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Rats.
Association between glycated haemoglobin, glycated albumin and fructosamine with neonatal birthweight and large-for-date status infants in gestational diabetes mellitus: a prospective cohort study.
Effectiveness of the EMPOWER-PAR Intervention in Improving Clinical Outcomes of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in Primary Care: A Pragmatic Cluster Randomised Controlled Trial.
Efficacy and safety of an albiglutide liquid formulation compared with the lyophilized formulation: A 26-week randomized, double-blind, repeat-dose study in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
SNPs Within the MTOR Gene Are Associated With an Increased Risk of Developing De Novo Diabetes Mellitus Following the Administration of Everolimus in Liver Transplant Recipients.
Lipid Testing and Statin Prescriptions Among Medicaid Recipients With Systemic Lupus Erythematosus or Diabetes Mellitus and the General Medicaid Population.
Prevalence of type 2 diabetes mellitus in a sample of the adult population of Alexandria, Egypt.
Anthropometrics indices of obesity, and all-cause and cardiovascular disease-related mortality, in an Asian cohort with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Short-term intensive insulin therapy could be the preferred option for new onset Type 2 diabetes mellitus patients with HbA1c > 9.
Insulin Therapy for Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Does Not Fully Protect Offspring From Diet-Induced Metabolic Disorders.
Association of tuberculosis and diabetes Mellitus: an analysis of 1000 consecutively admitted cases in a tertiary care hospital of North India.
Association between inflammatory potential of diet and odds of gestational diabetes mellitus among Iranian women.
Optimal medication dosing in patients with diabetes mellitus and chronic kidney disease.
Catheter ablation of atrial fibrillation and atrial flutter in patients with diabetes mellitus: Who benefits and who does not? Data from the German ablation registry.
Netrin as a Novel Biomarker and Its Therapeutic Implications in Diabetes Mellitus and Diabetes-Associated Complications.
CREED study: Hypoglycaemia during Ramadan in individuals with Type 2 diabetes mellitus from three continents.
More anxious than depressed: prevalence and correlates in a 15-nation study of anxiety disorders in people with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Auditory Temporal Resolution in Individuals with Diabetes Mellitus Type 2.
Prevalence and predictors of chronic kidney disease among Ghanaian patients with hypertension and diabetes mellitus: A multicenter cross-sectional study.
'Diabulima' through the lens of social media: a qualitative review and analysis of online blogs by people with Type 1 diabetes mellitus and eating disorders.
[CLINICAL AND LABORATORY FEATURES OF ACUTE PANCREATITIS BILIARY ETIOLOGY COURSE IN PATIENTS WITH DIABETES MELLITUS].
Cost analysis of type 2 diabetes mellitus treatment in economically developed countries.
2013 Russell Ross memorial lecture in vascular biology: cellular and molecular mechanisms of diabetes mellitus-accelerated atherosclerosis.
A network analysis to compare biomarker profiles in patients with and without diabetes mellitus in acute heart failure.
Active vitamin D3, 1,25-(OH)2D3, protects against macrovasculopathy in a rat model of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Gut microbiota and immunopathogenesis of diabetes mellitus type 1 and 2.
May the force be with you: why resistance training is essential for subjects with type 2 diabetes mellitus without complications.
Predictive value of some pro-oxidants in type 2 diabetes mellitus with vascular complications.
Determinants of poor glycemic control among adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus in Jimma University Medical Center, Jimma zone, south west Ethiopia: a case control study.
Diabetes mellitus and hyperlipidaemia as risk factors for frequent pain in the back, neck and/or shoulders/arms among adults in Stockholm 2006 to 2010 - Results from the Stockholm Public Health Cohort.
Prevalence and Impact of Diabetes Mellitus Among Patients with Active Pulmonary Tuberculosis in South Korea.
Glycated Hemoglobin Testing to Identify Undiagnosed Diabetes Mellitus in the Inpatient Setting.
Incidence of type 2 diabetes mellitus in men receiving steroid 5α-reductase inhibitors: population based cohort study.
Ethnic difference in the prevalence of pre-diabetes and diabetes mellitus in regions with Sami and non-Sami populations in Norway - the SAMINOR1 study.
[The role of chromogranin-A and its derived peptide, WE-14 in the development of type 1 diabetes mellitus].
[Development of a Novel Method for the Treatment and Prevention of Diabetes Mellitus].
Hospitalization costs and complications in hospitalized patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus in Beijing, China.
Heterogeneous impact of type 2 diabetes mellitus-related genetic variants on gestational glycemic traits: review and future research needs.
ARC syndrome with complex renal problems: nephrocalcinosis, proximal and hyperkalemic distal RTA and nephrogenic diabetes insipidus.
Effect of sitagliptin on blood glucose control in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus who are treatment naive or poorly responsive to existing antidiabetic drugs: the JAMP study.
Acarbose treatment affects the serum levels of inflammatory cytokines and the gut content of bifidobacteria in Chinese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Adherence to antidiabetic medication and factors associated with non-adherence among patients with type-2 diabetes mellitus in two regional hospitals in Cameroon.
A review of the bidirectional relationship between psychiatric disorders and diabetes mellitus.
Comparisons of diabetic retinopathy events associated with glucose-lowering drugs in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A network meta-analysis.
[Rare differential diagnosis of diabetes insipidus].
Why Not to Use the Handgrip Test in the Assessment of Cardiovascular Autonomic Neuropathy Among Patients with Diabetes Mellitus?
Assessment of potential biomarkers of atherosclerosis in Indian patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Albuminuria, serum creatinine, and estimated glomerular filtration rate as predictors of cardio-renal outcomes in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus and kidney disease: a systematic literature review.
Walking prescription of 10 000 steps per day in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a randomised trial in Nigerian general practice.
Morphological changes in erythrocytes of people with type 2 diabetes mellitus evaluated with atomic force microscopy: A brief review.
Efficacy and safety of once-weekly dulaglutide versus insulin glargine in mainly Asian patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus on metformin and/or a sulphonylurea: A 52-week open-label, randomized phase III trial.
[The geography of diabetes mellitus in Portugal: how context influence the risk of dying].
Effects of Aspirin for Primary Prevention in Persons with Diabetes Mellitus.
Association between resistin and fibroblast growth factor 23 in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Predictive models for diabetes mellitus using machine learning techniques.
Clinical Impact of Diabetes Mellitus on Short-Term Outcomes andIn-Hospital Mortality of Cardiac Mechanical Support with Left Ventricular Assist Device (LVAD): A Retrospective Study from a National Database.
Diabetes Mellitus is a Risk Factor for Hepatocellular Carcinoma in Patients with Chronic Hepatitis B Virus Infection in China.
Concurrent hyperadrenocorticism and diabetes mellitus in dogs.
Factors associated with deferred lesion failure following fractional flow reserve assessment in patients with diabetes mellitus.
Knowledge, Attitude, and Practices of Complementary and Alternative Medication Usage in Patients of Type II Diabetes Mellitus.
Details about diabetes mellitus in reported patients with Takotsubo syndrome, and its importance in unraveling the pathophysiology of the disease.
[New glucose-lowering drugs for reducing cardiovascular risk in patients with type2 diabetes mellitus].
Acute Increases in Serum Creatinine After Starting Angiotensin-Converting Enzyme Inhibitor-Based Therapy and Effects of its Continuation on Major Clinical Outcomes in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Activation of AMPK by Medicinal Plants and Natural Products: Its Role in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
The Action of Polyphenols in Diabetes Mellitus and Alzheimer's Disease: A Common Agent for Overlapping Pathologies.
Light at night exacerbates metabolic dysfunction in a polygenic mouse model of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
[Case report; Diabetes insipidus accompanied with acute kidney injury, which was revealed by acute fatty liver of pregnancy].
Spices in the management of diabetes mellitus.
Type 2 diabetes mellitus severity correlates with risk of hip fracture in patients with osteoporosis.
Colorectal cancer in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a single-center experience.
Prevalent Diabetes Mellitus: Mortality and Management in Norwegian Heart Failure Outpatients.
Exploring heart failure events in contemporary cardiovascular outcomes trials in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Triglyceride to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol ratio and carotid intima-medial thickness in Chinese adolescents with newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Multicenter assessment of a hemoglobin A1c point-of-care device for diagnosis of diabetes mellitus.
Genetic causes of maturity onset diabetes of the young may be less prevalent in American pregnant women recently diagnosed with diabetes mellitus than in previously studied European populations.
The comorbidity burden of type 2 diabetes mellitus: patterns, clusters and predictions from a large English primary care cohort.
Impact of a Plant-Based Diet and Support on Mitigating Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in Latinos Living in Medically Underserved Areas.
Novel, highly potent systemic glucokinase activators for the treatment of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Cardiac syncope recurrence in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients vs. normoglycemics patients: The CARVAS study.
Effect of environmental air pollution on type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Therapeutic potential of pancreatic PAX4-regulated pathways in treating diabetes mellitus.
Pyruvate Improved Insulin Secretion Status in a Mitochondrial Diabetes Mellitus Patient.
Association between LEKR1-CCNL1 and IGSF21-KLHDC7A gene polymorphisms and diabetic retinopathy of type 2 diabetes mellitus in the Chinese Han population.
Clinical usefulness of videocapillaroscopy and selected endothelial cell activation markers in people with Type 1 diabetes mellitus complicated by microangiopathy.
Hair corticosterone measurement in mouse models of type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
High event rate after a first percutaneous coronary intervention in patients with diabetes mellitus: results from the Swedish coronary angiography and angioplasty registry.
Adherence To Diabetes Mellitus Treatment Guidelines From Theory To Practice: The Missing Link.
Routine use of continuous glucose monitoring in 10 501 people with diabetes mellitus.
Translation and Validation of the Patient Activation Measure in Portuguese People with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Stem cells: An emerging novel therapeutic for type-1 diabetes mellitus.
Study design and baseline characteristics of inpatients with diabetes mellitus in a tertiary hospital in China: A database study based on electronic medical records.
Hypoglycemia-Associated EEG Changes Following Antecedent Hypoglycemia in Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus.
Experimental evidence for curcumin and its analogs for management of diabetes mellitus and its associated complications.
Neonatal diabetes mellitus: remission induced by novel therapy.
Efficacy and safety of the G protein-coupled receptor 119 agonist DS-8500a in Japanese type 2 diabetes mellitus patients with inadequate glycemic control on sitagliptin: A phase 2 randomized placebo-controlled study.
The use of herbal supplements by individuals with diabetes mellitus.
Cost-effectiveness of interventions to control cardiovascular diseases and diabetes mellitus in South Asia: a systematic review.
The effects of a Melissa officinalis L. based product on metabolic parameters in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A randomized double-blinded controlled clinical trial.
Food intake of women with gestational diabetes mellitus, in accordance with two methods of dietary guidance: a randomised controlled clinical trial.
The Effects of Lactobacillus casei on Glycemic Response, Serum Sirtuin1 and Fetuin-A Levels in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Randomized Controlled Trial
PTPN2 Downregulation Is Associated with Albuminuria and Vitamin D Receptor Deficiency in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
The Coincidence of Newly Diagnosed Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus with IgM Antibody Positivity to Enteroviruses and Respiratory Tract Viruses.
Determination of inhibitory activities of enzymes, related to Alzheimer's disease and diabetes mellitus of plane tree (Platanus orientalis L.) extracts and their antioxidant, antimicrobial and anticancer activities.
Coronary artery bypass grafting versus drug-eluting stents in patients with severe coronary artery disease and diabetes mellitus: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Type 1 diabetes mellitus presenting with diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA) in a neonate.
Early-Life Exposures and Risk of Diabetes Mellitus and Obesity.
A Multifactorial Approach to Reduce Cardiovascular Disease in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: Now More Than Ever.
Association of Overt Diabetes Mellitus with the Non-CC but not the CC Genotype of Interleukin-28B in Hepatitis C Virus Infected Patients.
Randomized trial of an increased dose of calcium channel blocker or angiotensin II type 1 receptor blocker as an add-on intensive depressor therapy in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients with uncontrolled essential hypertension: the ACADEMIE Study.
Effectiveness of a PLISSIT model intervention in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus in primary care: design of a cluster-randomised controlled trial.
Clinical relevance and cost-effectiveness of HLA genotyping in children with Type 1 diabetes mellitus in screening for coeliac disease in the Netherlands.
Is there an association between family history of diabetes mellitus and long-term cardiovascular hospitalizations of offspring?
Risk of atrial fibrillation in diabetes mellitus: A nationwide cohort study.
Trends in Lipids, Obesity, Metabolic Syndrome, and Diabetes Mellitus in the United States: An NHANES Analysis (2003-2004 to 2013-2014).
In-hospital, short-term and long-term adverse clinical outcomes observed in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus vs non-diabetes mellitus following percutaneous coronary intervention: A meta-analysis including 139,774 patients.
Correlation between diabetes mellitus and periodontitis in Taiwan: A nationwide cohort study.
Utility of AVP gene testing in familial neurohypophyseal diabetes insipidus.
Diabetes Mellitus and Latent Tuberculosis Infection: A Systematic Review and Metaanalysis.
Maternal glycoregulation in pregnancies complicated by diabetes mellitus in the prediction of fetal echography findings and perinatal outcomes.
Effects of 6 months of resveratrol versus placebo on pentraxin 3 in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a double-blind randomized controlled trial.
The Relationship between Neutrophil-to-Lymphocyte Ratio and Intracerebral Hemorrhage in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
High-normal serum uric acid predicts the development of chronic kidney disease in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus and preserved kidney function.
Idiopathic central diabetes insipidus: the challenge remains.
Soluble CD163, adiponectin, C-reactive protein and progression of dysglycaemia in individuals at high risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus: the ADDITION-PRO cohort.
SGLT-2 Inhibitors: Is There a Role in Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus Management?
Pancreas and Diabetes Mellitus: The Relationship between the Organ and the Disease.
Glucose homeostasis changes and pancreatic β-cell proliferation after switching to cyclosporin in tacrolimus-induced diabetes mellitus.
Type 2 diabetes mellitus and thyroid disease: a two-sided analysis.
The Effectiveness of Aerobic Exercise in Improving Peripheral Nerve Functions in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: An Evidence Based Case Report.
Amelioration of streptozotocin-induced type 2 diabetes mellitus in Wistar rats by arachidonic acid.
Effects of GABAB receptor activation on spatial cognitive function and hippocampal neurones in rat models of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Chromium supplementation for adjuvant treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus: Results from a pooled analysis.
Cognitive functions in children and adolescents with early-onset diabetes mellitus in Egypt.
Comparison of glycated haemoglobin and fasting blood glucose in the diagnosis of diabetes mellitus and pre-diabetes in a cohort of obese patients.
Antenatal umbilical coiling index in gestational diabetes mellitus and non-gestational diabetes pregnancy.
The effect of hyperglycaemia on osseointegration: a review of animal models of diabetes mellitus and titanium implant placement.
Autoimmune Hypoglycemia in Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus.
Identifying non-pharmacological risk factors for falling in older adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a systematic review.
Role of adipose tissue derived stem cells differentiated into insulin producing cells in the treatment of type I diabetes mellitus.
Effectiveness of Continuous Subcutaneous Insulin Infusion Pump Therapy During Five Years of Treatment on Metabolic Control in Children and Adolescents with Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus
Carotid ultrasound investigation as a prognostic tool for patients with diabetes mellitus.
[Treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus with the stem and leaf of blacktartary buckwheat and its effects on the pancreas and spleen].
The mortality of patients with diabetes mellitus in Latvia 2000-2012.
Sex differences in the effect of diabetes mellitus on platelet reactivity and coronary thrombosis: From the Assessment of Dual Antiplatelet Therapy with Drug-Eluting Stents (ADAPT-DES) study.
Early intervention with gastrodin reduces striatal neurotoxicity in adult rats with experimentally‑induced diabetes mellitus.
Shared links between type 2 diabetes mellitus and Alzheimer's disease: A review.
Association between the risk of falls and osteoporotic fractures in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Treatment patterns in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus treated with glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonists: Higher adherence and persistence with dulaglutide compared with once-weekly exenatide and liraglutide.
Management of type 2 diabetes mellitus in people with severe mental illness: an online cross-sectional survey of healthcare professionals.
Matrix metalloproteinase-8 analysis in patients with periodontal disease with prediabetes or type 2 diabetes mellitus: A systematic review.
[Diabetes mellitus secondary to an endocrine pathology : when to think about it ?]
Diabetes mellitus and colorectal cancer prognosis: a meta-analysis.
Mycobacterial Hsp65 potentially cross-reacts with autoantibodies of diabetes sera and also induces (in vitro) cytokine responses relevant to diabetes mellitus.
Admission hyperglycemia in acute myocardial infarction: possible role in unveiling patients with previously undiagnosed diabetes mellitus.
Metformin improves urine concentration in rodents with nephrogenic diabetes insipidus.
Frequency of Blood Pressure and Estimated Glomerular Filtration Rate Testing in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Retrospective Study with 43,509 Patients.
Does the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus with the DPP-4 inhibitor vildagliptin reduce HbA1c to a greater extent in Japanese patients than in Caucasian patients?
Subclinical Alterations of Cardiac Mechanics Present Early in the Course of Pediatric Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus: A Prospective Blinded Speckle Tracking Stress Echocardiography Study.
Plasma YKL-40 during pregnancy and gestational diabetes mellitus.
Diabetes mellitus and cancer of the digestive organs: An Italian population-based cohort study.
Knowledge and perceptions about diet and physical activity among Sri Lankan adults with diabetes mellitus: a qualitative study.
Application of Heart Rate Variability in Diagnosis and Prognosis of Individuals with Diabetes Mellitus: Systematic Review.
Mortality in Individuals Aged 80 and Older with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in Relation to Glycosylated Hemoglobin, Blood Pressure, and Total Cholesterol.
[Evolution of the type 2 diabetes mellitus epidemia in insured population at the IMSS].
MicroRNAs and adipocytokines: Promising biomarkers for pharmacological targets in diabetes mellitus and its complications.
A New Perspective in Utilizing MMP-9 as a Therapeutic Target for Alzheimer's Disease and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Association between Plasma Levels of PAI-1, tPA/PAI-1 Molar Ratio, and Mild Cognitive Impairment in Chinese Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Glucose and cholesterol stabilization in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus with depressive and anxiety symptoms by problem-solving therapy in primary care centers in Mexico City.
The Management of Dyslipidaemia in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Receiving Lipid-Lowering Drugs: A Sub-Analysis of the CEPHEUS Findings.
Updates on Managing Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus with Natural Products: Towards Antidiabetic Drug Development.
Living under treatment for Systemic Hypertension and Diabetes Mellitus: Feelings and behaviors.
Early Protected Weightbearing After Ankle Fractures in Patients With Diabetes Mellitus.
Safety of lixisenatide versus sulfonylurea added to basal insulin treatment in people with type 2 diabetes mellitus who elect to fast during Ramadan (LixiRam): An international, randomized, open-label trial.
A prospective study assessing the etiology of Diabetes mellitus among Jordanian patients.
Systematic review: associations of calcium intake, vitamin D intake, and physical activity with skeletal outcomes in people with Type 1 diabetes mellitus.
[Effect of intervention programs regarding community "5+1" staged diabetes target management on patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus].
Phenolic acid profiling and antiglycation studies of leaf and fruit extracts of tyrosine primed Momordica charantia seeds for possible treatment of diabetes mellitus.
Data Linking Diabetes Mellitus and Atrial Fibrillation-How Strong Is the Evidence? From Epidemiology and Pathophysiology to Therapeutic Implications.
[Simvastatin's effect on insulin resistance in rats with diabetes mellitus].
Experience after switching from insulin glargine U100 to glargine U300 in patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus. A study after one year of treatment in real life.
Diabetes mellitus and white matter hyperintensity.
Independent effect of alanine transaminase on the incidence of type 2 diabetes mellitus, stratified by age and gender: A secondary analysis based on a large cohort study in China.
Association between routine nephropathy monitoring and subsequent change in estimated glomerular filtration rate in patients with diabetes mellitus: a Japanese non-elderly cohort study.
[Neonatal diabetes mellitus].
Prevalence, awareness, treatment and control of diabetes mellitus in rural China: results from Shandong Province.
Acute-onset diabetes mellitus with ketoacidosis in a nivolumab-treated patient with hepatocellular carcinoma.
Effect of GSTM1, GSTT1, and GSTP1 IIe105Val polymorphisms on susceptiblity to gestational diabetes mellitus.
Cognitive Impairment Mediates Workplace Impairment in Adults With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: Results From the Motivaction Study.
Association of Hypoglycemia With Subsequent Dementia in Older Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
F-18 FDG PET/CT in the diagnosis of a rare case of neurosarcoidosis in a patient with diabetes insipidus.
Diabetes insipidus due to herpes encephalitis in a patient with diffuse large cell lymphoma. A case report.
Prevalence and Factors Associated with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus among Antenatal Women at a Rural Health Center in Vellore.
Reduced telomere length in subjects with dementia and diabetes mellitus type 2 is independent of apolipoprotein E4 genotype.
Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and type 2 diabetes mellitus: the liver disease of our age?
The burden of diabetes mellitus during pregnancy in low- and middle-income countries: a systematic review.
Revascularization for patients with diabetes mellitus and stable ischemic heart disease: an update.
A pyridoindole antioxidant SMe1EC2 regulates contractility, relaxation ability, cation channel activity, and protein-carbonyl modifications in the aorta of young and old rats with or without diabetes mellitus.
DNAJC3 mutation in Thai familial type 2 diabetes mellitus.
The Association Between Osteocalcin and Chronic Inflammation in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Reduced pre-hospital and in-hospital survival rates after out-of-hospital cardiac arrest of patients with type-2 diabetes mellitus: an observational prospective community-based study.
Therapeutic effect of sunitinib on diabetes mellitus related ovarian injury: an experimental rat model study.
Interventions to Improve Rate of Diabetes Testing Postpartum in Women With Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.
Association between diabetes mellitus and cirrhosis mortality: the Singapore Chinese Health Study.
Continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion preserves axonal function in type 1 diabetes mellitus.
[Considerations concerning medical knowledge inherited in Mexico from 19th century: the diabetes mellitus case].
Soluble Dipeptidyl Peptidase-4 Levels Are Associated with Decreased Renal Function in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Nocturia and Prevalence of Depressive Symptoms in Japanese Adult Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: The Dogo Study.
Differential Impact of an Education-Based Intervention for Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in Rural China.
Serum CCN3 levels are increased in type 2 diabetes mellitus and associated with obesity, insulin resistance and inflammation.
[Nursing Workforce Characteristics and Control of Diabetes Mellitus in Primary Care: a Multilevel Analysis].
Suicide loss, changes in medical care utilization, and hospitalization for cardiovascular disease and diabetes mellitus.
Protein Tyrosine Phosphatase 1B Inhibitors: A Novel Therapeutic Strategy for the Management of type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Poor glycemic control is associated with the risk of subclinical hypothyroidism in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Impact of the Duration of Diabetes Mellitus on the Outcome of Metastatic Pancreatic Cancer Treated with Gemcitabine: A Retrospective Study.
An Overview of Errors and Flaws of Estimated GFR versus True GFR in Patients with Diabetes Mellitus.
Diabetic regulation of subjects with type 2 diabetes mellitus is associated with serum vitamin D levels.
A lifestyle intervention programme for the prevention of Type 2 diabetes mellitus among South Asian women with gestational diabetes mellitus [LIVING study]: protocol for a randomized trial.
Women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus and prediabetes are characterised by a decreased incretin effect.
Selective ß1-Blockers Are Not Associated With New-onset Diabetes Mellitus in Hypertensive Patients.
Diabetes knowledge among Greek Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus patients.
HbA1c-Based Score Model for Predicting Death Risk in Patients with Hepatocellular Carcinoma and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Diabetes Mellitus-Induced Microvascular Destabilization in the Myocardium.
Posttransplant diabetes mellitus among live-related kidney transplant recipients: Sindh Institute of Urology and Transplantation experience.
How well do general practitioners manage laboratory test results for patients with diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease?: A systematic review.
Benefits of Cardiac Rehabilitation on Cardiovascular Outcomes in Patients With Diabetes Mellitus After Percutaneous Coronary Intervention.
Contemporary Time Trends in Use of Antiplatelet Agents Among Patients with Acute Coronary Syndrome and Comorbid Diabetes Mellitus or Chronic Kidney Disease.
[LEVELS OF SERUM ANTIBODIES TO ENTEROBACTERIAL LIPOPOLYSACCHARIDES AND THEIR RELATIONSHIP WITH CONCENTRATION OF C-REACTIVE PROTEIN IN DIABETES MELLITUS PATIENTS].
Biofluid proteases profiling in diabetes mellitus.
Effects of in vitro supplementation with Syzygium cumini (L.) on platelets from subjects affected by diabetes mellitus.
The Role of a School Nurse in the Care of a Child with Diabetes Mellitus Type 1 - The Perspectives of Patients and their Parents: Literature Review.
A rare case of type 1 diabetes mellitus with pituitary hypoplasia.
Novel treatment for lithium-induced nephrogenic diabetes insipidus rat model using the Sendai-virus vector carrying aquaporin 2 gene.
The association between 25-hydroxy vitamin D deficiency and diabetic complications in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Melatonin supplementation plus exercise behavior ameliorate insulin resistance, hypertension and fatigue in a rat model of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
[Association of I/D and -786 Polymorphisms of ACE and NOS3 Genes With Features of the Course of Ischemic Heart Disease and Diabetes Mellitus Type 2].
Pharmacodynamic Comparison of Prasugrel Versus Ticagrelor in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Coronary Artery Disease: The OPTIMUS (Optimizing Antiplatelet Therapy in Diabetes Mellitus)-4 Study.
The Effects of a Mobile Phone Application on Quality of Life in Patients With Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
Effect of Intensive Versus Standard Blood Glucose Control in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in Different Regions of the World: Systematic Review and Meta-analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials.
Increased mortality in a Danish cohort of young people with Type 1 diabetes mellitus followed for 24 years.
Prevalence of diabetes mellitus in patients with shoulder symptoms is low.
A case report of hyperosmolar hyperglycemic state in a 7-year-old child: An unusual presentation of first appearance of type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Screening for type 2 diabetes mellitus in patients with mental illness: application of a self-assessment score for diabetes mellitus risk.
Occult Langerhans Cell Histiocytosis Presenting with Papillary Thyroid Carcinoma, a Thickened Pituitary Stalk and Diabetes Insipidus.
Competing interests in a lung cancer with metastasis to the pituitary gland: syndrome of inappropriate ADH secretion versus diabetes insipidus.
The management of diabetes mellitus-imperative role of natural products against dipeptidyl peptidase-4, α-glucosidase and sodium-dependent glucose co-transporter 2 (SGLT2).
Mobile Exergaming for Health-Effects of a serious game application for smartphones on physical activity and exercise adherence in type 2 diabetes mellitus-study protocol for a randomized controlled trial.
Hsp90 inhibitor partially corrects nephrogenic diabetes insipidus in a conditional knock-in mouse model of aquaporin-2 mutation.
Is serum Klotho protective against atherosclerosis in patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus?
Association of polymorphisms in STRA6 gene with gestational diabetes mellitus in a Chinese Han population.
Cardiovascular events in patients with over 10 years history of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Passive smoking increased risk of gestational diabetes mellitus independently and synergistically with prepregnancy obesity in Tianjin, China.
Diabetes mellitus, genetic variants in the insulin-like growth factor pathway and colorectal cancer risk.
Association of left atrial structure and function and incident cardiovascular disease in patients with diabetes mellitus: results from multi-ethnic study of atherosclerosis (MESA).
Disease related knowledge, medication adherence and glycaemic control among patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus in Pakistan.
Type 2 diabetes mellitus in older people: a brief statement of key principles of modern day management including the assessment of frailty. A national collaborative stakeholder initiative.
Impact of obesity on annual medical expenditures and diabetes care in Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Assessment of structural cardiac abnormalities and diastolic function in women with gestational diabetes mellitus.
Understandability, actionability, and readability of online patient education materials about diabetes mellitus.
Effect of short-term treatment with sitagliptin or glibenclamide on daily glucose fluctuation in drug-naïve Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Diabetes mellitus as risk factor for atrial fibrillation hospitalization: Incidence and outcomes over nine years in a region of Northern Italy.
Study on the relationship between insulin growth factor 1 and liver fibrosis in patients with chronic hepatitis C with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Demographic and clinical predictors of health-related quality of life among people with type 2 diabetes mellitus living in northern Thailand: A cross-sectional study.
The effect of mild agonist stimulation on the platelet reactivity in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Consequences of Type 1 and 2 Diabetes Mellitus on the Cardiovascular Regulation During Exercise: A Brief Review.
"I've made this my lifestyle now": a prospective qualitative study of motivation for lifestyle change among people with newly diagnosed type two diabetes mellitus.
Comparison of insulin lispro mix 25 with insulin lispro mix 50 as insulin starter in Chinese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (CLASSIFY study): Subgroup analysis of a Phase 4 open-label randomized trial.
Secondary diabetic ketoacidosis and severe hypoglycaemia in patients with established type 1 diabetes mellitus in China: a multicentre registration study.
Association between interleukin 10 gene polymorphisms and risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus in a Chinese population.
Severe hypernatraemia due to nephrogenic diabetes insipidus - a life-threatening side effect of chronic lithium therapy.
Diabetes Mellitus induces alterations in metallothionein protein expression and metal levels in the testis and liver.
Effects of Silymarin on Diabetes Mellitus Complications: A Review.
Early onset of graft glomerulopathy in a patient with post-transplant diabetes mellitus after renal transplantation: a case report.
Post-pancreatitis diabetes mellitus: towards understanding the role of gastrointestinal motility.
The impact of diabetes mellitus on survival following resection and adjuvant chemotherapy for pancreatic cancer.
A Mobile Computerized Decision Support System to Prevent Hypoglycemia in Hospitalized Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Nephrogenic diabetes insipidus due to a novel AVPR2 mutation.
Effectiveness of insulin glargine in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients failing glycaemic control with premixed insulin: Adriatic countries data meta-analysis.
Simultaneous liver, pancreas-duodenum and kidney transplantation in a patient with hepatitis B cirrhosis, uremia and insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.
Diabetes mellitus and impaired fasting glucose in ART-naïve patients with HIV-1, HIV-2 and HIV-1/2 dual infection in Guinea-Bissau: a cross-sectional study.
[Exocrine pancreatic insufficiency and diabetes mellitus].
Monogenic Diabetes: Genetics and Relevance on Diabetes Mellitus Personalized Medicine.
Arctium lappa contributes to the management of type 2 diabetes mellitus by regulating glucose homeostasis and improving oxidative stress: A critical review of in vitro and in vivo animal-based studies.
The effect of short-term intensive insulin therapy on circulating T cell subpopulations in patients with newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus (Juvenile Diabetes) - A Review for the Pediatric Oral Health Provider.
Transient <i>PAX8</i> Expression in Islets During Pregnancy Correlates With β-Cell Survival, Revealing a Novel Candidate Gene in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.
Decreased Quality of Life in Individuals with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Is Associated with Emotional Distress.
Circulating Soluble CD36 is Similar in Type 1 and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus versus Non-Diabetic Subjects.
Switching from atorvastatin to rosuvastatin lowers small, dense low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels in Japanese hypercholesterolemic patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Glycemic load, exercise, and monitoring blood glucose (GEM): A paradigm shift in the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Increased expression of TLR9 associated with pro-inflammatory S100A8 and IL-8 in diabetic wounds could lead to unresolved inflammation in type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) cases with impaired wound healing.
Subclinical Carotid Atherosclerosis in Asymptomatic Subjects With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Caution on diagnosis of idiopathetic central diabetes insipidus.
Serum concentrations of fatty acid-binding protein 4 in Chinese children with type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Myocardial Ischemia and Diabetes Mellitus: Role of Oxidative Stress in the Connection between Cardiac Metabolism and Coronary Blood Flow.
Oxidative Stress, DNA Damage and DNA Repair in Female Patients with Diabetes Mellitus Type 2.
Race, socioeconomic status, health-related quality of life, and self-care of type 2 diabetes mellitus among adults in North Carolina.
Noninsulin medication therapy for hospitalized patients with diabetes mellitus.
The effect of metformin on culture conversion in tuberculosis patients with diabetes mellitus.
A MODEL FOR PROGNOSIS OF ACUTE LEFT VENTRICULAR FAILURE IN PATIENTS WITH ACUTE MYOCARDIAL INFARCTION AND TYPE 2 DIABETES MELLITUS CONSIDERING TENASCIN C CONTENT.
A predisposition for allergies predicts subsequent hypertension, dyslipidemia, and diabetes mellitus among patients with schizophrenia or bipolar disorder: a nationwide longitudinal study.
Left ventricular hypertrophy predicts the decline of glomerular filtration rate in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Diabetes Mellitus to Neurodegenerative Disorders: Is Oxidative Stress Fueling the Flame?
Safety and effectiveness of tofogliflozin in elderly Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A post-marketing study (J-STEP/EL Study).
Prevalence of thyroid dysfunction among type 2 diabetes mellitus patients.
Pregnancies After the Diagnosis of Mild Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Risk of Cardiometabolic Disorders.
[Anxiolytic and antidepressant effects of emoxipine, reamberin and mexidol in experimental diabetes mellitus].
Seasonal variations of severe hypoglycemia in patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus, type 2 diabetes mellitus, and non-diabetes mellitus: clinical analysis of 578 hypoglycemia cases.
Knowledge, attitude, practices and their associated factors towards diabetes mellitus among non diabetes community members of Bale Zone administrative towns, South East Ethiopia. A cross-sectional study.
A randomised controlled trial evaluating the impact of targeted vitamin D supplementation on endothelial function in type 2 diabetes mellitus: The DIMENSION trial.
Relationship between HbA1c and Lipid Profile Seen in Bangladeshi Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Patients Attending BIRDEM Hospital: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Psyllium fiber improves glycemic control proportional to loss of glycemic control: a meta-analysis of data in euglycemic subjects, patients at risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus, and patients being treated for type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Naringin prevents bone loss in a rat model of type 1 Diabetes mellitus.
The influence of peripheral arterial disease on lower limb surface myoelectric signals in patients living with type II diabetes mellitus.
Diagnosis of Diabetes Mellitus by Extraction of Morphological Features of Red Blood Cells Using an Artificial Neural Network.
Oxidative stress in obese children and adolescents with and without type 2 diabetes mellitus is not associated with obstructive sleep apnea.
Effect of cinnamon, cardamom, saffron and ginger consumption on blood pressure and a marker of endothelial function in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A randomized controlled clinical trial.
Diabetes mellitus and carotid artery plaques exhibiting high-intensity signals on MR angiography are related to increased platelet reactivity after carotid artery stenting.
Burden and Correlates of Anaemia among Patients with Diabetes Mellitus in a Tertiary Health Facility in Northwestern Nigeria.
Impact of a multidisciplinary intensive education program on type 2 diabetes mellitus patients' glycemic control and cardiovascular risk factors.
Differential control of muscle mass in type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Prevalence and predictors of ischemia and outcomes in outpatients with diabetes mellitus referred for single-photon emission computed tomography myocardial perfusion imaging.
Psoas and Paraspinous Muscle Measurements on Computed Tomography Predict Mortality in European Americans with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Ponderal index at birth associates with later risk of gestational diabetes mellitus.
Role of Diabetes Mellitus on Treatment Effects in Drug-susceptible Initial Pulmonary Tuberculosis Patients in China.
Diabetes mellitus is associated with increased acute kidney injury and 1-year mortality after transcatheter aortic valve replacement: A meta-analysis.
[Health status, quality of life, and use of healthcare resources by patients with diabetes mellitus in Spain].
Hyperuricemia, Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus, and Hypertension: an Emerging Association.
A retrospective analysis of a societal experiment among the Danish population suggests that exposure to extra doses of vitamin A during fetal development may lower type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) risk later in life.
Difference between old and young adults in contribution of β-cell function and sarcopenia in developing diabetes mellitus.
[Investigation on rates of awareness, treatment and control of diabetes mellitus and the influence factors in rural areas of Jilin province].
Study of the risk factors and complications of diabetes mellitus after live kidney donation.
Insulin gene therapy for type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Risk for incident diabetes mellitus following initiation of second-generation antipsychotics among Medicaid-enrolled youths.
The Worrying Trend of Diabetes Mellitus in Saudi Arabia: An Urgent Call to Action.
A decision support system for type 1 diabetes mellitus diagnostics based on dual channel analysis of red blood cell membrane fluidity.
Ghrelin mitigates β-cell mass loss during insulitis in an animal model of autoimmune diabetes mellitus, the BioBreeding/Worcester rat.
Prevalence and correlates of diabetes mellitus and dyslipidaemia in a long-stay inpatient schizophrenia population in Singapore.
[Spanish cultural adaptation and psychometric validation of the Summary of Diabetes Self-Care Activities measure (SDSCA) among persons with type 2 diabetes mellitus].
Prediction of a new body shape index and body adiposity estimator for development of type 2 diabetes mellitus: The Rural Chinese Cohort Study.
Cryptococcosis in patients with diabetes mellitus II in mainland China: 1993-2015.
Comparison between Tear Film Osmolar Cocentration and Other Tear Film Function Parameters in Patients with Diabetes Mellitus.
Risk of diabetes mellitus in physicians: a nationwide study in Taiwan.
Effects of prediabetes mellitus alone or plus hypertension on subsequent occurrence of cardiovascular disease and diabetes mellitus: longitudinal study.
Clinical insights into adipsic diabetes insipidus: a large case series.
Elevated Membrane Cholesterol Disrupts Lysosomal Degradation to Induce β-Amyloid Accumulation: The Potential Mechanism Underlying Augmentation of β-Amyloid Pathology by Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
General aspects of diabetes mellitus.
Pre-existing undiagnosed central diabetes insipidus unmasked after renal transplantation.
Turkish nationwide survEy of glycemic and other Metabolic parameters of patients with Diabetes mellitus (TEMD study).
Structured tool to improve clinical outcomes of type 2 diabetes mellitus patients: A randomized controlled trial.
Associations between long-term exposure to ambient air pollution and risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Endogenous ornithine decarboxylase/polyamine system mediated the antagonist role of insulin/PEG-CMCS preconditioning against heart ischemia/reperfusion injury in diabetes mellitus.
Diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular events in older patients with myocardial infarction prescribed intensive-dose and moderate-dose statins.
[A comparative study on medical expenditure for diabetes mellitus and non-diabetes mellitus in 9 provinces of China, between 2000 and 2009].
Cardiovascular Autonomic Neuropathy Predicts Higher HbA1c Variability in Subjects with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Efficacy and safety of pioglitazone added to alogliptin in Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a multicentre, randomized, double-blind, parallel-group, comparative study.
Discordance in risk factors for the progression of diabetic retinopathy and diabetic nephropathy in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Evidence for two distinct phenotypes of chronic kidney disease in individuals with type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Impact of type 2 diabetes mellitus in the utilization and in-hospital outcomes of surgical aortic valve replacement in Spain (2001-2015).
Preliminary evaluation of foetal liver volume by three-dimensional ultrasound in women with gestational diabetes mellitus.
Association of GSTs polymorphisms with risk of gestational diabetes mellitus.
Association between Depressive Symptoms and Cognitive Function in Persons with Diabetes Mellitus: A Systematic Review.
Association between RBMS1 gene rs7593730 and BCAR1 gene rs7202877 and Type 2 diabetes mellitus in the Chinese Han population.
A new promising simultaneous approach for attenuating type II diabetes mellitus induced neuropathic pain in rats: iNOS inhibition and neuroregeneration.
Left atrium passive ejection fraction is the most sensitive index of type 2 diabetes mellitus-related cardiac changes.
Decreased expression of orexin 1 receptor in adult mice testes during alloxan-induced diabetes mellitus perturbs testicular steroidogenesis and glucose homeostasis.
Continuous Glucose Monitoring and Insulin Informed Advisory System with Automated Titration and Dosing of Insulin Reduces Glucose Variability in Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus.
Effects of nutritional nursing intervention based on glycemic load for patient with gestational diabetes mellitus.
Diabetes insipidus as main presentation of non-Hodgkin's lymphoma with hypophyseal involvement: two case reports.
Mortality and its Causes in a German Cohort with Diabetes Mellitus Type 1 after 20 Years of Follow-Up: The JEVIN Trial.
[Prevalence of the Diabetic Retinopathy and Genetic Factors Significance in the Development of Diabetic Retinopathy in Patients with Diabetes Mellitus type I and II in Slovakia (DIARET SK study). Overview of Actual Findings and Design of the Epidemiological DIARET SK Study].
Estimating the prevalence of diabetes mellitus and thyroid disorders using medication data in Flanders, Belgium.
Carotid intima media thickness and associations with serum osteoprotegerin and s-RANKL in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus with increased risk for endothelial dysfunction.
Comparative effectiveness of canagliflozin, SGLT2 inhibitors and non-SGLT2 inhibitors on the risk of hospitalization for heart failure and amputation in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A real-world meta-analysis of 4 observational databases (OBSERVE-4D).
Slowly Progressive Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus: Current Knowledge And Future Perspectives.
Evaluation of ADL and BMI in the management of diabetes mellitus at secondary and tertiary health facilities.
Conducting and interpreting results of network meta-analyses in type 2 diabetes mellitus: A review of network meta-analyses that include sodium glucose co-transporter 2 inhibitors.
Association Between Stroke Risk and Metformin Use in Hemodialysis Patients With Diabetes Mellitus: A Nested Case-Control Study.
Proinflammatory cytokine MIF plays a role in the pathogenesis of type-2 diabetes mellitus, but does not affect hepatic mitochondrial function.
Studies on glycoxidatively modified human IgG: Implications in immuno-pathology of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Mechanism of Generation of Oxidative Stress and Pathophysiology of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: How Are They Interlinked?
Influence of self-efficacy management on adherence to self-care activities and treatment outcome among diabetes mellitus type 2.
Ethnic differences in the relationship between birth weight and type 2 diabetes mellitus in postmenopausal women.
Predicting diabetes mellitus using SMOTE and ensemble machine learning approach: The Henry Ford ExercIse Testing (FIT) project.
Liraglutide Treatment Reduces Endothelial Endoplasmic Reticulum Stress and Insulin Resistance in Patients With Diabetes Mellitus.
Effect of insulin treatment on circulating insulin-like growth factor I and IGF-binding proteins in cats with diabetes mellitus.
Gestational diabetes insipidus and intrauterine fetal death of monochorionic twins.
Everolimus-eluting Xience v/Promus versus zotarolimus-eluting resolute stents in patients with diabetes mellitus.
Controlled type II diabetes mellitus has no major influence on platelet micro-RNA expression. Results from micro-array profiling in a cohort of 60 patients.
Endocrine Pancreas in Cats With Diabetes Mellitus.
Diabetes Mellitus Is Associated With Reduced High-Density Lipoprotein Sphingosine-1-Phosphate Content and Impaired High-Density Lipoprotein Cardiac Cell Protection.
A comparison of glycated albumin and glycosylated hemoglobin for the screening of diabetes mellitus in Taiwan.
The economic burden of elevated blood glucose levels in 2012: diagnosed and undiagnosed diabetes, gestational diabetes mellitus, and prediabetes.
Clinical course of a cohort with type 2 diabetes mellitus after endocrine assessment. A 26-week study.
Diabetes Mellitus and Younger Age Are Risk Factors for Hyperphosphatemia in Peritoneal Dialysis Patients.
Transient gestational diabetes insipidus: report of two cases and review of pathophysiology and treatment.
Effects of extended-release niacin on the postprandial metabolism of Lp(a) and ApoB-100-containing lipoproteins in statin-treated men with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Medicinal Plants with Multiple Effects on Diabetes Mellitus and Its Complications: a Systematic Review.
Dapagliflozin significantly reduced liver fat accumulation associated with a decrease in abdominal subcutaneous fat in patients with inadequately controlled type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Diabetes-related distress and its associated factors among patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus in China.
Effect of canagliflozin on nocturnal home blood pressure in Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: The SHIFT-J study.
The role of vasopressin in diabetes mellitus-induced hypothalamo-pituitary-adrenal axis activation: studies in Brattleboro rats.
The Relationship between Frequently Used Glucose-Lowering Agents and Gut Microbiota in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Diabetes Mellitus and Bone Regeneration: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Animal Studies.
Prevalence and Genotype Distribution of Hepatitis C Virus Infection among Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
The Hot and Potential Targets of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Treatment in Recent Decade.
Preparedness of health facilities in managing hypertension & diabetes mellitus in Kilimanjaro, Tanzania: a cross sectional study.
Self-Management and Diabetes Mellitus mHealth, a Glance at the Present and a Glimpse into the Future.
Efficacy of anti-osteoporotic medications in patients with type 1 and 2 diabetes mellitus: a systematic review.
The prevalence of depression and anxiety in Iranian patients with diabetes mellitus: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prevalence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in patients with diabetes mellitus, hyperlipidemia, obesity and polycystic ovary syndrome: A cross-sectional study in north of Iran.
Pharmacotherapeutic empowerment and its effectiveness in glycemic control in patients with Diabetes Mellitus.
Only minor changes in thrombin generation of children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus - A case-control study.
[EFFECTIVENESS OF PUMP INSULIN THERAPY IN THE TREATMENT OF TYPE 2 DIABETES MELLITUS (REVIEW)].
Body Weight Variability and Cardiovascular Outcomes in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Patients with diabetes mellitus have better lipid profile results compared to the controls - a retrospective study on a group of patients hospitalized due to pulmonary embolism.
The prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus amongst black South African women is a public health concern.
Effect of non-surgical periodontal therapy on glycemic control of type 2 diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and Bayesian network meta-analysis.
Association of pupil responses with severity of erectile dysfunction in diabetes mellitus.
Sense of smell and quality of life in children with diabetes mellitus.
Spontaneous regression of isolated neurohypophyseal langerhans cell histiocytosis with diabetes insipidus.
Management of central diabetes insipidus with oral desmopressin in a patient with ectrodactyly and cleft lip/palate (ECP) syndrome.
Functional characterization of novel loss-of-function mutations in the vasopressin type 2 receptor gene causing nephrogenic diabetes insipidus.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the efficacy of interventions for people with Type 1 diabetes mellitus and disordered eating.
Impact of the definition of osteoarthritis and of the timing of its onset on the association between type 2 diabetes mellitus and osteoarthritis: Clinical Practice Research Datalink.
Altered brain structural topological properties in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients without complications.
Dyslipidaemia in type 2 diabetes mellitus: bad for the heart.
Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: Mechanisms, Treatment, and Complications.
Isolated central diabetes insipidus in a newborn with congenital toxoplasmosis.
Impact of Angiotensin Converting Enzyme Inhibitor versus Angiotensin Receptor Blocker on Incidence of New-Onset Diabetes Mellitus in Asians.
Exocrine Pancreas in Cats With Diabetes Mellitus.
Clinical and Metabolic Characteristics among Mexican Children with Different Types of Diabetes Mellitus.
Diabetes mellitus exacerbates the clinical and electrophysiological features of Guillain-Barré syndrome.
A comparative study of time-specific oxidative stress after acute myocardial infarction in patients with and without diabetes mellitus.
Association between low serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D and depression in a large sample of Chinese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Effect of atorvastatin on pancreatic Beta-cell function and insulin resistance in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients: a randomized pilot study.
Prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus in Europe: A meta-analysis.
Acute Stroke in Diabetes Mellitus: A Prospective Observational Study Evaluating the Course and Short-Term Outcome in Basrah, Southern Iraq.
Signs of subclinical atherosclerosis in asymptomatic patients at increased risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
In This Issue of <i>Diabetes</i>.
ISPAD Clinical Practice Consensus Guidelines 2018: Type 2 diabetes mellitus in youth.
Effect of Tofogliflozin on Body Composition and Glycemic Control in Japanese Subjects with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Awareness of diabetic retinopathy among patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus in Jordan.
Hematopoietically expressed homeobox (HHEX) gene polymorphism (rs5015480) is associated with increased risk of gestational diabetes mellitus.
Safety and effectiveness of tofogliflozin in Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus in real-world practice: Results of 12-month interim analysis of a long-term post-marketing surveillance study (J-STEP/LT).
Serum vaspin concentration in elderly patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus and macrovascular complications.
Effects of metformin exposure on neurodegenerative diseases in elderly patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Utricular hypofunction in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Biochemical investigation of association of arsenic exposure with risk factors of diabetes mellitus in Pakistani population and its validation in animal model.
Lifestyle Change Plus Dental Care (LCDC) program improves knowledge, attitude, and practice (KAP) toward oral health and diabetes mellitus among the elderly with type 2 diabetes.
Estimating the extent of subclinical arteriosclerosis of persons with prediabetes and diabetes mellitus among Japanese urban workers and their families: a cross-sectional study.
Intracellular and extracellular pH dynamics in the human placenta from diabetes mellitus.
Protective effect of aqueous seed extract of Vitis Vinifera against oxidative stress, inflammation and apoptosis in the pancreas of adult male rats with diabetes mellitus.
[Research advances on astragaloside-IV in treatment of diabetes mellitus and its complications pharmacological effects].
Methionine enkephalin (MENK) regulates the immune pathogenesis of type 2 diabetes mellitus via the IL-33/ST2 pathway.
Serum levels of immunoglobulin G and complement 3 differentiate non-diabetic renal disease from diabetic nephropathy in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Nutritional assessment of older adults with diabetes mellitus.
Unmasked diabetes insipidus after pericardial drainage and biopsy for pericardial effusion in association with Erdheim-Chester disease.
Cognitive Dysfunction Among Adults With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in Karnataka, India.
Development of a screening tool using electronic health records for undiagnosed Type 2 diabetes mellitus and impaired fasting glucose detection in the Slovenian population.
Prediction of Femoral Neck Strength in Patients with Diabetes Mellitus with Trabecular Bone Analysis and Tomosynthesis Images.
Pathophysiology of peripheral arterial disease in diabetes mellitus.
Case report: maternal mosaicism resulting in inheritance of a novel GATA6 mutation causing pancreatic agenesis and neonatal diabetes mellitus.
Admission blood glucose and 10-year mortality among patients with or without pre-existing diabetes mellitus hospitalized with heart failure.
Web-Based Cognitive Behavior Therapy for Depression in People With Diabetes Mellitus: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
Prevalence of depression among type 2 diabetes mellitus patients in India: A meta-analysis.
Use of a metabolomic approach to non-invasively diagnose non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Prophylactic role of taurine and its derivatives against diabetes mellitus and its related complications.
A narrative review on role of Yoga as an adjuvant in the management of risk factor, disease progression and the complications of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Screening for gestational diabetes mellitus and its prevalence in Bangladesh.
Epidemiology of urinary tract infections in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients: An analysis based on a large sample of 456,586 German T2DM patients.
Gene Variant and Level of IL-1β in Ischemic Stroke Patients With and Without Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Clinical perspectives on mesenchymal stem cells promoting wound healing in diabetes mellitus patients by inducing autophagy.
Population attributable fractions of the main type 2 diabetes mellitus risk factors in women: Findings from the French E3N cohort.
Efficacy and safety of alogliptin in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A multicentre randomized double-blind placebo-controlled Phase 3 study in mainland China, Taiwan, and Hong Kong.
The prevalence of mild cognitive impairment with type 2 diabetes mellitus among elderly people in China: A cross-sectional study.
[Diabetes insipidus in acute subarachnoidal hemorrhage after clipping of aneurysm of the anterior cerebral artery and the anterior communicating artery].
Correlation between basal metabolic rate, visceral fat and insulin resistance among type 2 diabetes mellitus with peripheral neuropathy.
Predicting Factors Affecting Glucose Monitoring Treatment Satisfaction and Drug Attitude Inventory (Adherence) Among Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus; Cross-sectional Observational Study.
Diabetes mellitus associated with processed and unprocessed red meat: an overview.
Body mass trajectories, diabetes mellitus, and mortality in a large cohort of Austrian adults.
Diabetes mellitus and prognosis in women with breast cancer: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Management and control of type 2 diabetes mellitus in Lebanon: Results from the International Diabetes Management Practices Study Wave 6.
The potential beneficial role of isoflavones in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Testing for type 1 diabetes autoantibodies in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM): is it clinically useful?
Fibrin Clot Strength in Patients with Diabetes Mellitus Measured by Thrombelastography.
Potential role of Peroxisome Proliferator Activated Receptor gamma analogues in regulation of endothelial progenitor cells in diabetes mellitus: An overview.
The effect of the Lenten fast on diabetes control in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Drugs for the treatment of pediatric type 2 diabetes mellitus and related co-morbidities.
Factors related to the self-application of insulin in subjects with diabetes mellitus.
Impact of Diabetes Mellitus.
Corneal backscatter in insulin-dependent and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus patients: a pilot study.
Physical Activity Frequency on the 10-Year Acute Coronary Syndrome (ACS) Prognosis; The Interaction With Cardiovascular Disease History and Diabetes Mellitus: The GREECS Observational Study.
Primary care physicians' practice regarding diabetes mellitus diagnosis, evaluation and management in the West region of Cameroon.
Sense of coherence, self-esteem, and health locus of control in subjects with type 1 diabetes mellitus with/without satisfactory metabolic control.
Knowledge, Attitudes, and Perceived Risks Related to Diabetes Mellitus Among University Students in Uganda: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Early Detection of Physical Activity for People With Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus.
Knowledge, Attitude, and Practice towards Glycemic Control and Its Associated Factors among Diabetes Mellitus Patients.
Predictors of neutrophil extracellular traps markers in type 2 diabetes mellitus: associations with a prothrombotic state and hypofibrinolysis.
Lived experience of blood glucose self-monitoring among pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus: a phenomenological research.
The effect of diabetes mellitus on chronic rhinosinusitis and sinus surgery outcome.
Epidemiología genética sobre las teorías causales y la patogénesis de la diabetes mellitus tipo 2.
Chemokine Like Receptor-1 (CMKLR-1) Receptor: A Potential Therapeutic Target in Management of Chemerin Induced Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Cancer.
What is the relationship between type 2 diabetes mellitus status and the neuroradiological correlates of cerebral small vessel disease in adults? Protocol for a systematic review.
Exenatide twice-daily does not affect renal function or albuminuria compared to titrated insulin glargine in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A post-hoc analysis of a 52-week randomised trial.
Diabetes-related burden and distress in people with diabetes mellitus at primary care level in Germany.
Diabetes Mellitus: An Independent Risk Factor of In-Hospital Mortality in Patients with Infective Endocarditis in a New Era of Clinical Practice.
The Comparative Effectiveness of Diabetes Prevention Strategies to Reduce Postpartum Weight Retention in Women With Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: The Gestational Diabetes' Effects on Moms (GEM) Cluster Randomized Controlled Trial.
Maternal Cognitive Impairment Associated with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus-A Review of Potential Contributing Mechanisms.
Second-generation antipsychotic and diabetes mellitus in children and adolescents.
Greater early and mid-pregnancy gestational weight gain are associated with increased risk of gestational diabetes mellitus: A prospective cohort study.
Insulin and vanadium protect against osteoarthritis development secondary to diabetes mellitus in rats.
Time-Matched Evaluation of Cardiovascular Risks Associated with Drugs for Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Three-year data from 5 HARMONY phase 3 clinical trials of albiglutide in type 2 diabetes mellitus: Long-term efficacy with or without rescue therapy.
The Profile of Plasma Free Amino Acids in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus with Insulin Resistance: Association with Microalbuminuria and Macroalbuminuria.
Relationships between blood pressure lowering therapy and cardiovascular events in hypertensive patients with coronary artery disease and type 2 diabetes mellitus: The HIJ-CREATE sub-study.
Earlier puberty in boys with type 1 diabetes mellitus compared to a simultaneously recruited group of control adolescents.
Factors associated to the dependence of older adults with diabetes mellitus type 2.
Diabetes Mellitus and Bone Metabolism.
Hepatocellular carcinoma as a leading cause of cancer-related deaths in Japanese type 2 diabetes mellitus patients.
Diabetes mellitus and severe mental illness: mechanisms and clinical implications.
Association between the number of natural teeth and diabetic retinopathy among type 2 diabetes mellitus: The Korea national health and nutrition examination survey.
Type-2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease.
Circulating cell-free mitochondrial deoxyribonucleic acid is increased in coronary heart disease patients with diabetes mellitus.
Effect of Military Deployment on Diabetes Mellitus in Air Force Personnel.
Non-pharmacological Treatment Options in the Management of Diabetes Mellitus.
Global Account of Barriers and Facilitators of Physical Activity Among Patients with Diabetes Mellitus: A Narrative Review of the Literature.
[Relationship of diabetes mellitus in older Han adults in China with leptin receptor gene rs1137100 and rs1137101 polymorphrism].
Adult Arabs have higher risk for diabetes mellitus than Jews in Israel.
[Diabetes insipidus followed, after 4 years, with dysarthria and mild right-sided hemiparesis--the first clinical signs of Erdheim-Chester disease. Description and depiction of a case with a review of information on the disease].
The effects of diabetes mellitus and hypertension on work productivity.
Cats with diabetes mellitus have diastolic dysfunction in the absence of structural heart disease.
Immunoreactive insulin in diabetes mellitus patient sera detected by ultrasensitive ELISA with thio-NAD cycling.
Immuno-chemistry of hydroxyl radical modified GAD-65: A possible role in experimental and human diabetes mellitus.
Emerging roles of dipeptidyl peptidase 4 inhibitors: anti-inflammatory and immunomodulatory effect and its application in diabetes mellitus.
Diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular clinical characteristics of Spanish women with stable ischaemic heart disease: Data from the SIRENA study.
[Diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular risk: Working group recommendations of Diabetes and Cardiovascular Disease of the Spanish Society of Diabetes (SED, 2015)].
[Diabetes mellitus, coronary artery disease and heart disease].
Potent effects of the total saponins from Dioscorea nipponica Makino against streptozotocin-induced type 2 diabetes mellitus in rats.
The impact of acute kidney injury in diabetes mellitus.
Improved glycemic control in veterans with poorly controlled diabetes mellitus using a Specialty Care Access Network-Extension for Community Healthcare Outcomes model at primary care clinics.
Proteome-based systems biology analysis of the diabetic mouse aorta reveals major changes in fatty acid biosynthesis as potential hallmark in diabetes mellitus-associated vascular disease.
Cardioprotective effects of magnesium valproate in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
[Is it possible to achieve sustained remission or cure of type 2 diabetes mellitus in the 21st century?]
Impairment of neurovascular coupling in Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus in rats is prevented by pancreatic islet transplantation and reversed by a semi-selective PKC inhibitor.
Speech perception performance of subjects with type I diabetes mellitus in noise.
[Langerhans cell histiocytosis as a cause of central diabetes insipidus: MR findings typical of cerebral imaging].
Psychological impacts from expectation of worsening conditions and obstacles to life planning are affected by glycemic control, self-reported symptoms, and drug therapy in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Identifying Glucokinase Monogenic Diabetes in a Multiethnic Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Cohort: New Pregnancy Screening Criteria and Utility of HbA1c.
Type 1 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease: a scientific statement from the American Heart Association and American Diabetes Association.
Metformin may produce antidepressant effects through improvement of cognitive function among depressed patients with diabetes mellitus.
Refractive Changes Associated with Diabetes Mellitus.
Sickle cell disease prevents diabetes mellitus occurrence: A hospital based cross-sectional study.
High risk of coagulopathy among Type-2 Diabetes Mellitus clients at a municipal hospital in Ghana.
IL-6 and IL-18 cytokine gene variants of pulmonary tuberculosis patients with co-morbid diabetes mellitus and their household contacts in Hyderabad.
Screening for non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus: a cross-sectional analysis.
Association between microfibrillar-associated protein 4 (MFAP4) and micro- and macrovascular complications in long-term type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Diabetes mellitus: a risk factor for seizures in the elderly-a population-based study.
Endothelin-1 Expression Associated with Lipid Peroxidation and Nuclear Factor-κB Activation in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Patients with Angiopathy and Limb Amputation.
Obesity and Type 2 Diabetes mellitus induce lipopolysaccharide tolerance in rat neutrophils.
Feasibility of integrating a dental hygienist into an inpatient medical team for patients with diabetes mellitus.
Bone structure and turnover in postmenopausal women with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
[Corticosteroid induced diabetes mellitus: diagnosis and management].
Epidemiology of diabetes mellitus in the fragility fracture population of a region of Southern Italy.
Effects of Selenium Yeast on Blood Glucose and Antioxidant Biomarkers in Cholesterol Fed Diet Induced Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in Wistar Rats.
Glutamic acid decarboxylase autoantibody-positivity post-partum is associated with impaired β-cell function in women with gestational diabetes mellitus.
Development of a cardiovascular diseases risk prediction model and tools for Chinese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A population-based retrospective cohort study.
Risk factors for development and progression of diabetic retinopathy in Dutch patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Frequency of Non-Alcoholic Steatohepatitis on Histopathology in Patients of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus with Duration of More than 5 Years.
"Dangerous duo": Chronic nicotine exposure intensifies diabetes mellitus-related deterioration in bone microstructure - An experimental study in rats.
Endothelial Progenitor Cells (EPC) Count by Multicolor Flow Cytometry in Healthy Individuals and Diabetes Mellitus (DM) Patients.
Diabetes Mellitus and Infertility: Different Pathophysiological Effects in Type 1 and Type 2 on Sperm Function.
The Clinical Spectrum of Fibrocalculous Pancreatic Diabetes in Kashmir Valley and Comparative Study of the Clinical Profile of Fibrocalculous Pancreatic Diabetes and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Impact of Multidomain Lifestyle Intervention on Frailty Through the Lens of Deficit Accumulation in Adults with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Associations of nutrient intakes with obesity and diabetes mellitus in the longitudinal medical surveys of Japanese Americans.
Acupoint Therapy on Diabetes Mellitus and Its Common Chronic Complications: A Review of Its Mechanisms.
[An assessment of the knowledge of school teachers on type 1 diabetes mellitus.]
Preventing progression from gestational diabetes mellitus to diabetes: A thought-filled review.
Diabetes insipidus and syndrome of inappropriate antidiuretic hormone complicating pituitary surgery.
Lacunar strokes in patients with diabetes mellitus: risk factors, infarct location, and prognosis: the secondary prevention of small subcortical strokes study.
Primary care of female adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus and disordered eating.
Change over time in prevalence of diabetes mellitus (DM) in Spain (1999-2014).
Treatment options for post-transplantation diabetes mellitus.
Hypoglycemia in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus patients: A review article.
Pitfalls in investigating for diabetes insipidus.
The effect size of type 2 diabetes mellitus on tuberculosis drug resistance and adverse treatment outcomes.
Association of Geroprotective Effects of Metformin and Risk of Open-Angle Glaucoma in Persons With Diabetes Mellitus.
Radiographic bone loss in a Scottish non-smoking type 1 diabetes mellitus population: A bitewing radiographic study.
Diabetes Mellitus Standards of Care.
Association between parental history of diabetes and the incidence of type 2 diabetes mellitus differs according to the sex of the parent and offspring's body weight: A finding from a Japanese worksite-based cohort study.
Differential impact of obesity and diabetes mellitus on survival after liver resection for colorectal cancer metastases.
The Impact of Patient-Centered Medical Homes on Quality of Care and Medication Adherence in Patients with Diabetes Mellitus.
Association of incretin receptors genetic polymorphisms with type 2 diabetes mellitus in Egyptian patients.
Low serum bilirubin level predicts the development of chronic kidney disease in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Evaluating the prevalence of diabetes mellitus subtypes in childhood cancer survivors: a systematic review protocol.
Characteristics and Impact Factors of Renal Threshold for Glucose Excretion in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Diabetes mellitus and the incidence of hearing loss: a cohort study.
Metformin or Acarbose Treatment Significantly Reduced Albuminuria in Patients with Newly Diagnosed Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Low-Grade Albuminuria.
Influence of low-level laser on pain and inflammation in type 2 diabetes mellitus with diabetic dermopathy - A case report.
Rigiscan Evaluation of Men with Diabetes Mellitus and Erectile Dysfunction and Correlation with Diabetes Duration, Age, BMI, Lipids and HbA1c.
[Type I diabetes mellitus in children less than 5 years: case study conducted at the university clinics of Lubumbashi and review of the literature].
Assessment of the magnitude of contextual and individual demographic effects on diabetes mellitus and glucose intolerance in rural Southwest China: a multilevel analysis.
Nutritional anti-inflammatories in the treatment and prevention of type 2 diabetes mellitus and the metabolic syndrome.
Changes in the Prescription of Glucose-Lowering Medications in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus After a Cardiovascular Event: A Call to Action From the DATAFILE Study.
Rational use of blood glucose test strips for self-monitoring in patients with diabetes mellitus: Economic impact in the Portuguese healthcare system.
Factors associated with diabetes mellitus prediction among pregnant Arab subjects with gestational diabetes.
Association of polymorphisms at -174 in IL-6, and -308 and -238 in TNF-α, in the development of tuberculosis and type 2 diabetes mellitus in the Mexican population.
Using the transtheoretical model's stages of change to predict medication adherence in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus in a primary health care setting.
"Switched" metabolic acidosis in mitochondrial diabetes mellitus.
Association of Vitamin D binding protein polymorphism with risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus in a Pakistani urban population: A case control study.
Periodontal complications of hyperglycemia/diabetes mellitus: Epidemiologic complexity and clinical challenge.
Lower serum levels of Meteorin-like/Subfatin in patients with coronary artery disease and type 2 diabetes mellitus are negatively associated with insulin resistance and inflammatory cytokines.
The effectiveness of dapagliflozin for sleep-disordered breathing among Japanese patients with obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Effect of sitagliptin on glucose control in type 2 diabetes mellitus after Roux-en-Y gastric bypass surgery.
Diabetes mellitus, hyperglycemia, hemoglobin A1C and the risk of prosthetic joint infections in total hip and knee arthroplasty.
Polygenic risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus among individuals with psychosis and their relatives.
Efficacy and safety of ETC-1002, a novel investigational low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol-lowering therapy for the treatment of patients with hypercholesterolemia and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
The risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus according to 2-h plasma glucose level: The Korean Genome and Epidemiology Study (KoGES).
Diabetic ketoacidosis among adult patients with diabetes mellitus admitted to emergency unit of Hawassa university comprehensive specialized hospital.
Diabetes mellitus and insulin resistance associate with left ventricular shape and torsion by cardiovascular magnetic resonance imaging in asymptomatic individuals from the multi-ethnic study of atherosclerosis.
Evaluation of protein C and protein S levels in patients with diabetes mellitus receiving therapy with statins and ACE inhibitors or angiotensin II receptor blockers.
Impact of an intelligent chronic disease management system on patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus in a Beijing community.
Circulating adiponectin levels in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients with or without non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: Results of a small, open-label, randomized controlled intervention trial in a subgroup receiving short-term exenatide.
Higher Expression of Proteins in IGF/IR Axes in Colorectal Cancer is Associated with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Secular Trends in Admissions and Mortality Rates from Diabetes Mellitus in the Central Belt of Ghana: A 31-Year Review.
Ertugliflozin plus sitagliptin versus either individual agent over 52 weeks in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus inadequately controlled with metformin: The VERTIS FACTORIAL randomized trial.
Diabetes mellitus prevalence is increasing in South Asians but is stable in Chinese living in Singapore and Mauritius.
[COMBINED HONDROPROTECTION IN REHABILITATION OF PATIENTS WITH DIABETES MELLITUS WITH DIABETIC ARTHROPATHY].
Serological markers of enterocyte damage and apoptosis in patients with celiac disease, autoimmune diabetes mellitus and diabetes mellitus type 2.
FREQUENCY OF ABDOMINAL OBESITY AND ITS ASSOCIATION WITH DIABETES MELLITUS AMONG PEOPLE OF PESHAWAR.
Effect of duration of diabetes mellitus type 1 on properties of Na, K-ATPase in cerebral cortex.
Treatment-dependent and treatment-independent risk factors associated with the risk of diabetes-related events: a retrospective analysis based on 229,042 patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Activation of vasopressin neurons leads to phenotype progression in a mouse model for familial neurohypophysial diabetes insipidus.
The effect of diabetes mellitus on outcomes of patients with nosocomial pneumonia caused by methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus: data from a prospective double-blind clinical trial comparing treatment with linezolid versus vancomycin.
Mild cognitive impairment in combination with comorbid diabetes mellitus and hypertension is negatively associated with health-related quality of life among older persons in Taiwan.
The Variation of Disulfides in the Progression of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Elevated galanin may predict the risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus for development of Alzheimer's disease.
The vitamin D receptor functional variant rs2228570 (C>T) does not associate with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
The effect of adding metformin to insulin therapy for type 1 diabetes mellitus children: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Derealization symptoms according to the subjective visual vertical during unilateral centrifugation in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Risk of developing Diabetes Mellitus among urban poor South Indian population using Indian Diabetes Risk Score.
Treating a non-healing postoperative sternal wound in a woman with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A case report.
Immediate Effect of Needling at CV-12 (Zhongwan) Acupuncture Point on Blood Glucose Level in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Pilot Randomized Placebo-Controlled Trial.
Purulent Pericarditis with Salmonella enterica Subspecies arizona in a Patient with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Polymorphism rs2073618 of the osteoprotegerin gene as a potential marker of subclinical carotid atherosclerosis in Caucasians with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Bone Mineral Density in Relation to Metabolic Syndrome Components in Postmenopausal Women With Diabetes Mellitus Type 2
Differences in baseline characteristics between type 2 diabetes mellitus patients treated with dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitors in randomized controlled trials and those receiving the same treatment in real-world settings .
Diabetes mellitus: influences on cancer risk.
Health related quality of life in rheumatoid arthritis, osteoarthritis, diabetes mellitus, end stage renal disease and geriatric subjects. Experience from a General Hospital in Mexico.
The structural and functional changes of blood cells and molecular components in diabetes mellitus.
Diet, physical activity or both for prevention or delay of type 2 diabetes mellitus and its associated complications in people at increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Apolipoprotein status in type 2 diabetes mellitus and its complications (Review).
Glucose intolerance and diabetes mellitus in ulcerative colitis: pathogenetic and therapeutic implications.
Leptin Levels in Patients with Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus After Fetal Pancreatic Stem Cell Transplant.
Efficacy and safety of cinnamon in type 2 diabetes mellitus and pre-diabetes patients: A meta-analysis and meta-regression.
A comparative evaluation of dental caries status and salivary properties of children aged 5-14 years undergoing treatment for acute lymphoblastic leukemia, type I diabetes mellitus, and asthma - <i>In vivo</i>.
Relationship between serum apolipoproteins levels and retinopathy risk in subjects with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Diabetes mellitus increases the risk of colorectal neoplasia: An updated meta-analysis.
Prefronto-temporal white matter microstructural alterations 20 years after the diagnosis of type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Exploring Perceptions about Insulin Dependent Diabetes Mellitus in Adolescent Patients and Peers.
Characterizing adults with Type 2 diabetes mellitus and intellectual disability: outcomes of a case-finding study.
Impact of Diabetes Mellitus on Surgical Quality Measures After Ankle Fracture Surgery: Implications for "Value-Based" Compensation and "Pay for Performance".
Serum lipoprotein(a) levels and diabetic nephropathy among Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Heat Shock Proteins as a Potential Therapeutic Target in the Treatment of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: What We Know so Far.
Coming full circle in diabetes mellitus: from complications to initiation.
[The algorithm for the combined treatment of pyoinflammatory ENT diseases in the patients with diabetes mellitus].
Clinical outcomes of patients with diabetes mellitus treated with Absorb bioresorbable vascular scaffolds: a subanalysis of the European Multicentre GHOST-EU Registry.
Vitamin D diminishes the high platelet aggregation of type 2 diabetes mellitus patients.
Tuberculosis screening among persons with diabetes mellitus in Pune, India.
Effectiveness of chronic care models for the management of type 2 diabetes mellitus in Europe: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diabetes, Pancreatogenic Diabetes, and Pancreatic Cancer.
Utility of three novel insulin resistance-related lipid indices for predicting type 2 diabetes mellitus among people with normal fasting glucose in rural China.
Serum adiponectin level in osteoporotic postmenopausal women with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Preconception care for women with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A mixed-methods study of provider knowledge and practice.
Cost-Effectiveness of Empagliflozin for the Treatment of Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus at Increased Cardiovascular Risk in Greece.
Xanthine oxidase and uric acid as independent predictors of albuminuria in patients with diabetes mellitus type 2.
Hyperglycemia and Adverse Pregnancy Outcome Follow-up Study (HAPO FUS): Maternal Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Childhood Glucose Metabolism.
Parity and mortality in cases of childhood-onset diabetes mellitus.
The effect of metformin versus placebo in combination with insulin analogues on bone mineral density and trabecular bone score in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a randomized placebo-controlled trial.
Early reduced myocardial diastolic function in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus a population-based study.
Effect of rosuvastatin on vascular endothelial functions and inflammatory factors of patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus and coronary heart disease.
Inotodiol suppresses proliferation of breast cancer in rat model of type 2 diabetes mellitus via downregulation of β-catenin signaling.
Association of vascular indices with novel circulating biomarkers as prognostic factors for cardiovascular complications in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Visual Evoked Potential to Assess Retinopathy in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.
Both high and low HbA1c predict incident heart failure in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Cannabis Smoking and Diabetes Mellitus: Results from Meta-analysis with Eight Independent Replication Samples.
Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in Children.
[Diabetes mellitus in older adults from the point of view of the clinical diabetologist].
Serum Metabolomics Study of Gliclazide-Modified-Release-Treated Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Patients Using a Gas Chromatography-Mass Spectrometry Method.
Educational interventions for knowledge on the disease, treatment adherence and control of diabetes mellitus.
A Case of Rathke's Cleft Cyst Associated with Transient Central Adrenal Insufficiency and Masked Diabetes Insipidus.
Amaranthus caudatus Stimulates Insulin Secretion in Goto-Kakizaki Rats, a Model of Diabetes Mellitus Type 2.
ApoB/ApoA-I ratio is independently associated with carotid atherosclerosis in type 2 diabetes mellitus with well-controlled LDL cholesterol levels.
Progress in Metabonomics of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Effect of heterozygous beta thalassemia on HbA1c levels in individuals without diabetes mellitus: A cross sectional study.
High rates of severe hypoglycemia among African American patients with diabetes: the surveillance, prevention, and Management of Diabetes Mellitus (SUPREME-DM) network.
Preoperative Fasting C-Peptide Predicts Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Remission in Low-BMI Chinese Patients After Roux-en-Y Gastric Bypass.
Effects of MTNR1B genetic variants on the risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus: A meta-analysis.
Health-related quality of life in Indonesian type 2 diabetes mellitus outpatients measured with the Bahasa version of EQ-5D.
Salivary glucose as a diagnostic tool in Type II diabetes mellitus: A case-control study.
Thyroid dysfunction prevalence and relation to glycemic control in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
[Efficacy of the strategy to improve the quality indicators of Diabetes Mellitus 2 Care Process in Advanced Diabetes Centre Macarena].
Development and validation of a cost-utility model for Type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Association of neighbourhood unemployment rate with incident Type 2 diabetes mellitus in five German regions.
Osteopathic manual treatment in patients with diabetes mellitus and comorbid chronic low back pain: subgroup results from the OSTEOPATHIC Trial.
Current status of stem cell therapy, scaffolds for the treatment of diabetes mellitus.
The association between fetuin-A and testosterone levels and markers of arterial stiffness in Saudi subjects with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Plasma levels of free fatty acids correlate with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Effects of depression, diabetes distress, diabetes self-efficacy, and diabetes self-management on glycemic control among Chinese population with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Prevalence and Predictors of Depression among Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Outpatients in Eastern Province, Saudi Arabia.
Effect of the Proprotein Convertase Subtilisin/Kexin Type 9 Inhibitor Evolocumab on Glycemia, Body Weight, and New-Onset Diabetes Mellitus.
Strategies for preclinical pharmacokinetic investigation in streptozotocin-induced diabetes mellitus (DMIS) and alloxan-induced diabetes mellitus (DMIA) rat models: case studies and perspectives.
The 2019 Flemish consensus on screening for overt diabetes in early pregnancy and screening for gestational diabetes mellitus.
Proteomic analysis of corneal endothelial cell-descemet membrane tissues reveals influence of insulin dependence and disease severity in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Identification of novel risk genes associated with type 1 diabetes mellitus using a genome-wide gene-based association analysis.
Effectiveness of a multimodal intervention in functionally impaired older people with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Diabetes mellitus and periodontal disease: awareness and practice among doctors working in public general out-patient clinics in Kowloon West Cluster of Hong Kong.
The prevalence of diabetes mellitus among Sami and non-Sami inhabitants of Northern Norway - the SAMINOR 1 Survey (2003-2004) and the SAMINOR 2 Clinical Survey (2012-2014).
Efficacy and tolerance of a diabetes specific formula in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: An open label, randomized, crossover study.
Short repeats in the heme oxygenase 1 gene promoter is associated with increased levels of inflammation, ferritin and higher risk of type-2 diabetes mellitus.
Frequency of ABO/Rhesus Blood Groups in Patients with Diabetes Mellitus.
Diabetes Mellitus in Peru.
Diabetes Mellitus and the Risk of Depressive and Anxiety Disorders in Australian Women: A Longitudinal Study.
Loss of IDO1 Expression From Human Pancreatic β-Cells Precedes Their Destruction During the Development of Type 1 Diabetes.
The characteristics and pattern of care for the type 2 diabetes mellitus population in the MENA region during Ramadan: An international prospective study (DAR-MENA T2DM).
Temporal case-based reasoning for type 1 diabetes mellitus bolus insulin decision support.
Lower cerebral vasoreactivity as a predictor of gait speed decline in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Type 2 diabetes mellitus as a risk factor for dementia in a Mexican population.
Pharmacotherapy for comorbidities in chronic heart failure: a focus on hematinic deficiencies, diabetes mellitus and hyperkalemia.
Diabetes mellitus increased all-cause mortality rate among newly-diagnosed tuberculosis patients in an Asian population: A nationwide population-based study.
Co-Transplantation of Pancreatic Islet Cells and Mesenchymal Bone Marrow Precursors on Titanium Nickelide Scaffolds in Alloxan-Induced Diabetes Mellitus.
Lower Vitamin D Levels, but Not VDR Polymorphisms, Influence Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in Brazilian Population Independently of Obesity.
Understanding the gut-kidney axis among biopsy-proven diabetic nephropathy, type 2 diabetes mellitus and healthy controls: an analysis of the gut microbiota composition.
Single and multi-locus association study of TCF7L2 gene variants with susceptibility to type 2 diabetes mellitus in an Iranian population.
[Effect of Statins on Glycemic Status and Plasma Adiponectin Concentrations in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Hypercholesterolemia].
Urine Levels of Matrix Metalloproteinases and Tissue Inhibitor of Metalloproteinases in Children with Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus
Association of breastfeeding and gestational diabetes mellitus with the prevalence of prediabetes and the metabolic syndrome in offspring of Hispanic mothers.
Thyroid auto immune antibodies in children with Type-I Diabetes mellitus in relation to diabetes control.
Evaluation of the efficacy of simplified nutritional instructions from physicians on dietary salt restriction for patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus consuming excessive salt: protocol for a randomized controlled trial.
Gestational Diabetes Insipidus Associated with HELLP Syndrome: A Case Report.
17q12 Deletion Syndrome as a Rare Cause for Diabetes Mellitus Type MODY5.
Diabetes Mellitus: a risk factor for drug toxicity.
Effects Mifepristone on Aminotransferase Activities in the Liver in Rats with Streptozotocin-Induced Diabetes Mellitus.
The modulation of enzyme indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase from dendritic cells for the treatment of type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Elevated C-reactive protein, interleukin 6, tumor necrosis factor alpha and glycemic load associated with type 2 diabetes mellitus in rural Thais: a cross-sectional study.
Red blood cell distribution width as a prognostic marker in patients with heart failure and diabetes mellitus.
Cutoff Point of HbA1c for Diagnosis of Diabetes Mellitus in Chinese Individuals.
Positive Health Benefits of Peer Support and Connections for College Students With Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus.
Immune checkpoint inhibitors and type 1 diabetes mellitus: a case report and systematic review.
The Q192R polymorphism of the paraoxonase-1 (PON1) gene is associated with susceptibility to gestational diabetes mellitus in the Greek population.
Using mobile phone text messages to improve insulin injection technique and glycaemic control in patients with diabetes mellitus: a multi-centre study in Turkey.
Mild cognitive dysfunction does not affect diabetes mellitus control in minority elderly adults.
Care of Children and Adolescents with Diabetes Mellitus and Hyperglycemia in the Inpatient Setting.
Partial improvement of anterior pituitary deficiency following steroid treatment in a patient with neurosarcoidosis accompanied by central diabetes insipidus.
Membrane protein stability analyses by means of protein energy profiles in case of nephrogenic diabetes insipidus.
Novel compound aquaporin 2 mutations in nephrogenic diabetes insipidus.
Rescue of a nephrogenic diabetes insipidus-causing vasopressin V2 receptor mutant by cell-penetrating peptides.
[Genes and molecular mechanisms affecting the correlation between liver cancer and diabetes mellitus].
Quantitative evaluation of insulin resistance markers in Pakistani patients suffering from HCV-associated type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Influence of occupational vibration on development of resistance to insuline and of II type diabetes mellitus.
Performance of the Malay Audit of Diabetes Dependent Quality of Life-18 and Associates of Quality of Life among Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus from Major Ethnic Groups of Malaysia.
Effects of azilsartan compared with telmisartan on insulin resistance in patients with essential hypertension and type 2 diabetes mellitus: An open-label, randomized clinical trial.
Glycemic targets and medication limitations for type 2 diabetes mellitus in the older adult.
Effect of type II diabetes mellitus on outcomes in patients with acute respiratory distress syndrome.
Forecasting the Prevalence of Diabetes Mellitus Using Econometric Models.
Type 2 diabetes mellitus in children and adolescents.
Diabetes mellitus and the risk of gallbladder disease: A systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Fulminant Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus Presenting 15 Days after Delivery Diagnosed in Cooperation with Obstetricians.
Long-term exposure to fine particulate matter air pollution and type 2 diabetes mellitus in elderly: A cohort study in Hong Kong.
Hyperfiltration, urinary albumin excretion, and ambulatory blood pressure in adolescents with Type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Unique case of thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura and diabetes insipidus.
Association between sleep disturbances, fear of hypoglycemia and psychological well-being in adults with type 1 diabetes mellitus, data from cross-sectional VARDIA study.
Acquired generalised lipodystrophy and type 1 diabetes mellitus in a child: a rare and implacable association.
Diabetes Mellitus and Cardiogenic Shock Complicating Acute Myocardial Infarction.
PROSIT Open Source Disease Models for Diabetes Mellitus.
Permanent central diabetes insipidus with complete regression of pituitary stalk enlargement after 4 years of follow-up.
[Diabetes mellitus and cognitive disorders from the diabetologists perspective].
The impact of FOXO-1 to cardiac pathology in diabetes mellitus and diabetes-related metabolic abnormalities.
Exploring the role of orexin B-sirtuin 1-HIF-1α in diabetes-mellitus induced vascular endothelial dysfunction and associated myocardial injury in rats.
A Bibliometric Analysis of the Top 30 Most-cited Articles in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Literature (1946-2019).
Stem cells as a potential therapy for diabetes mellitus: a call-to-action in Latin America.
[Breast cancer and diabetes mellitus: Complex interactions].
Pituitary Morphology and Function in 43 Children with Central Diabetes Insipidus.
Insulin Action Research and the Future of Diabetes Treatment: The 2017 Banting Medal for Scientific Achievement Lecture.
The U-shaped relationship between fibroblast growth factor 21 and microvascular complication in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Effects of Bariatric Surgeries on the Size of Myocardial Infarction and Ghrelin Level in Rats with Experimental Decompensated Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Preliminary Results of the Influence of Duodenojejunal Bypass in a Porcine Model of Streptozotocin-Induced Diabetes Mellitus.
TYK2 Promoter Variant and Diabetes Mellitus in the Japanese.
Role of variants rs5030717 and rs5030718 of TLR4 in the risk prediction of nephropathy, hypertension and dyslipidaemia in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Fenofibrate effects on carotid artery intima-media thickness in adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A FIELD substudy.
Association of diabetes mellitus with prostate cancer grade and prostate-specific antigen in Chinese biopsy population.
Impact of preexisting diabetes mellitus on transplantation outcomes in hematopoietic stem cell transplantation.
Short-term trajectories of use of a caloric-monitoring mobile phone app among patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus in a primary care setting.
Effects of berberine on blood glucose in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a systematic literature review and a meta-analysis.
Evaluation of Vascular Remodeling in Carotid Atherosclerosis Among Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Patients Using High-Frequency Ultrasonography Combined with Serum Resistin.
Perceptions in Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus with or without the use of Insulin Pump: An online study.
Well-Being and Diabetes Management in Early Pregnant Women with Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus.
Definition, Classification and Diagnosis of Diabetes Mellitus.
Impact of diabetes mellitus on early outcome of carotid endarterectomy.
Current use of metformin in addition to insulin in pediatric patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus: an analysis based on a large diabetes registry in Germany and Austria.
Efficacy and safety of saxagliptin in combination with insulin in Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a 16-week double-blind randomized controlled trial with a 36-week open-label extension.
The effectiveness of cognitive-function stress management training in glycemic control in children and in mental health of mother caring for child with type 1 diabetes mellitus.
[Effects of miRNA-1,miRNA-21 in plasma on in-stent restenosis in patients with coronary heart disease and diabetes mellitus after percutaneous coronary intervention].
Long-term efficacy and safety of canagliflozin in combination with insulin in Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Thyroid-stimulating hormone levels in the normal range and incident type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Pharmacological Prevention of Cardiovascular Outcomes in Diabetes Mellitus: Established and Emerging Agents.
Intravitreal Dexamethasone Implant (Ozurdex) to Control Recurrent Severe Idiopathic Uveitis Leads to Improvement in Steroid-Induced Diabetes Mellitus.
Differences in the prognostic relevance of myocardial ischaemia and scar by cardiac magnetic resonance in patients with and without diabetes mellitus.
Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Alzheimer's Disease: Role of Insulin Signalling and Therapeutic Implications.
Efficacy and safety of ipragliflozin as an add-on therapy to sitagliptin and metformin in Korean patients with inadequately controlled type 2 diabetes mellitus: A randomized controlled trial.
Diagnostic protocol for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) (IADPSG/ADA, 2011): influence on the occurrence of GDM and mild gestational hyperglycemia (MGH) and on the perinatal outcomes.
Efficacy of the Hydroalcoholic Extract of Tribulus terrestris on the Serum Glucose and Lipid Profile of Women With Diabetes Mellitus: A Double-Blind Randomized Placebo-Controlled Clinical Trial.
Detection, evaluation and treatment of diabetes mellitus in chronic pancreatitis: recommendations from PancreasFest 2012.
Resistin role in development of gestational diabetes mellitus.
Oral Glucose Tolerance Testing Allows Better Prediction of Diabetes in Women with a History of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.
Quality of life of patients with Diabetes Mellitus Types 1 and 2 from a referal health centre in Minas Gerais, Brazil.
UCP1 -3826 A>G polymorphism affects weight, fat mass, and risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus in grade III obese patients.
Bariatric Surgery in Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus: A Systematic Review.
High proportion of overt diabetes mellitus in pregnancy and missed opportunity for early detection of diabetes at a tertiary care centre in Pakistan.
Reduction of blood glucose by plant extracts and their use in the treatment of diabetes mellitus; discrepancies in effectiveness between animal and human studies.
Epidemiology and clinical management of type 2 diabetes mellitus and associated comorbidities in Spain (e-Management study).
The Interaction of <i>Helicobacter pylori</i> Infection and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Bariatric/Metabolic Surgery in Type 1 and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Microvascular Outcomes after Metabolic Surgery (MOMS) in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus and class I obesity: rationale and design for a randomised controlled trial.
SGLT2 Inhibitors in Diabetes Mellitus Treatment.
Diabetic ketosis during hyperglycemic crisis is associated with decreased all-cause mortality in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Mortality risk in admitted patients with diabetes mellitus according to treatment.
Self-management knowledge and practice of type 2 diabetes mellitus patients in Baghdad, Iraq: a qualitative study.
Gestational diabetes mellitus screening and outcomes.
Increasing body mass index identifies Chinese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus at risk of poor outcomes.
Safety and efficacy of tofogliflozin in Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus in real-world clinical practice: Results of 3-month interim analysis of a long-term post-marketing surveillance study (J-STEP/LT).
Quadriceps strength, quadriceps power, and gait speed in older U.S. adults with diabetes mellitus: results from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey, 1999-2002.
A novel missense mutation in the AVPR2 gene of a Japanese infant with nephrogenic diabetes insipidus.
Presumed nephrogenic diabetes insipidus secondary to chronic copper hepatotoxicity in sheep.
Wingless-type MMTV integration site family member 5a: a novel biomarker regulated in type 2 diabetes mellitus and diabetic kidney disease.
Transient Neonatal Diabetes Mellitus: A Challenge and Opportunity for Specialized Nursing Care.
Efficacy and safety of dapagliflozin, a sodium glucose cotransporter 2 (SGLT2) inhibitor, in diabetes mellitus.
Pharmaceutical cost and multimorbidity with type 2 diabetes mellitus using electronic health record data.
Prevalence and clinical presentation at the onset of type 1 diabetes mellitus among children and adolescents in AL-Baha region, Saudi Arabia.
Remission of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in Patients After Different Types of Bariatric Surgery: A Population-Based Cohort Study in the United Kingdom.
Improvement of Diabetes Mellitus Symptoms by Intake of Ninjin'yoeito.
Using Mobile Health (mHealth) Technology in the Management of Diabetes Mellitus, Physical Inactivity, and Smoking.
Facial fracture repair and diabetes mellitus: An examination of postoperative complications.
Impact of TCFA on Unanticipated Ischemic Events in Medically Treated Diabetes Mellitus: Insights From the PROSPECT Study.
[Phacoemulsification cataract surgery with different cumulative energy composite parameters in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus:therapeutic effect and complications].
Role of vitamin D and vitamin D receptor gene polymorphisms on residual beta cell function in children with type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus reversal via implantation of magnetically purified microencapsulated pseudoislets.
Increased fractal dimension of left ventricular trabeculations is associated with subclinical diastolic dysfunction in patients with type-2 diabetes mellitus.
Cumulative evidence for association of parental diabetes mellitus and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
Direct cost of patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus healthcare and its complications in Lithuania.
Modulation of the pancreatic islet-stress axis as a novel potential therapeutic target in diabetes mellitus.
Drosophila Models to Investigate Insulin Action and Mechanisms Underlying Human Diabetes Mellitus.
Modulating effects of omega-3 fatty acids and pioglitazone combination on insulin resistance through toll-like receptor 4 in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Brain changes in overweight/obese and normal-weight adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Diabetes mellitus and its influence on sputum smear positivity at the 2nd month of treatment among pulmonary tuberculosis patients in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia: A case control study.
High pulse pressure is related to risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus in Chinese middle-aged females.
[Berberine regulates type 2 diabetes mellitus related with insulin resistance].
Statin use reduces cardiovascular events and all-cause mortality amongst Chinese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a 5-year cohort study.
Metformin and lung cancer risk in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Longitudinal Study of Hypertensive Subjects With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: Overall and Cardiovascular Risk.
Olfactory and gustatory functions in patients with non-complicated type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Central diabetes insipidus induced by tuberculosis in a rheumatoid arthritis patient.
Influence of the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis dysregulation on the metabolic profile of patients affected by diabetes mellitus-associated late onset hypogonadism.
Ethnobotanical survey of herbs used in the management of diabetes mellitus in Southern Katanga Area/DR Congo.
Prepubertal Childhood Onset Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: Four Case Reports.
Long-Term Outcomes in Patients With Diabetes Mellitus Related to Prolonging Clopidogrel More Than 12 Months After Coronary Stenting.
Design of a Self-Management Program for Children Aged 6-12 Years with Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus at the Community Hospital Herdecke, Germany.
Association of endothelial dysfunction with cardiovascular risk factors and new-onset diabetes mellitus in patients with hypertension.
Predicting the effects of blood pressure-lowering treatment on major cardiovascular events for individual patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: results from Action in Diabetes and Vascular Disease: Preterax and Diamicron MR Controlled Evaluation.
Monotherapy in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Genetic variants of gestational diabetes mellitus: a study of 112 SNPs among 8722 women in two independent populations.
Cardiovascular Benefit of SGLT2 Inhibitors in the Therapeutics of Diabetes Mellitus: A Close Look beyond the Horizon.
Increased risk of ischemic heart disease, hypertension, and type 2 diabetes in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus, a target group in general practice for preventive interventions: A population-based cohort study.
Impacts of self-management education on glycaemic control in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Comparison of day-to-day blood pressure variability in hypertensive patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus to those without diabetes: Asia BP@Home Study.
Will the resection of pheochromocytoma improve preoperative diabetes mellitus?
[Diabetes in Pregnancy - Type 1/Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus].
Risk of acute epiglottitis in patients with preexisting diabetes mellitus: A population-based case-control study.
Effects of Insulin Treatment with Glargine or Premixed Insulin Lispro Programs in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Patients: A Meta-analysis of Randomized Clinical Trials.
Continuous glucose monitoring reveals hypoglycemia risk in elderly patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
[Antihyperglycemic treatment guidelines for diabetes mellitus type 2].
Prevalence and predictors of postpartum glucose intolerance in Italian women with gestational diabetes mellitus.
Severe hypertriglyceridemia at new onset type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Incidence, Patterns, and Associations Between Dual-Antiplatelet Therapy Cessation and Risk for Adverse Events Among Patients With and Without Diabetes Mellitus Receiving Drug-Eluting Stents: Results From the PARIS Registry.
Postpartum Diabetes Testing Rates after Gestational Diabetes Mellitus in Canadian Women: A Population-Based Study.
Demographic and Clinical Profiles of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Patients Initiating Canagliflozin Versus DPP-4 Inhibitors in a Large U.S. Managed Care Population.
Transient Neonatal Diabetes Mellitus followed by recurrent asymptomatic hypoglycaemia: a case report.
Type 2 diabetes after gestational diabetes mellitus in South Asian women in the United States.
Prevalence and Associated Risk Factors of Hyperglycemia and Diabetes Mellitus Among HIV Positive Patients in Tehran, Iran.
Sodium Glucose Cotransporter 2 Inhibitors in the Treatment of Diabetes Mellitus: Cardiovascular and Kidney Effects, Potential Mechanisms, and Clinical Applications.
Depression and all-cause mortality in persons with diabetes mellitus: are older adults at higher risk? Results from the Translating Research Into Action for Diabetes Study.
MicroRNA miR-27b rescues bone marrow-derived angiogenic cell function and accelerates wound healing in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Does breastfeeding influence the risk of developing diabetes mellitus in children? A review of current evidence.
Changing environment of hyperglycemia in pregnancy: Gestational diabetes and diabetes mellitus in pregnancy.
Pharmacologic Management of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: Available Therapies.
Patterns and trends in insulin initiation and intensification among patients with Type 2 diabetes mellitus in the Middle East and North Africa region.
The Potential of South African Herbal Tisanes, Rooibos and Honeybush in the Management of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Associations of Glycemic Control With Cardiovascular Outcomes Among US Hemodialysis Patients With Diabetes Mellitus.
Gene Polymorphisms of Glutathione S-Transferase T1/M1 in Egyptian Children and Adolescents with Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus.
Heart Failure Epidemiology in Patients With Diabetes Mellitus Without Coronary Heart Disease.
Diabetes insipidus presentation before renal and pulmonary features in a patient with Wegener's granulomatosis.
Characteristics of men classified at high-risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus using the AUSDRISK screening tool.
Prevention and management of new-onset diabetes mellitus in kidney transplantation.
Epidemiology of diabetes mellitus in Mexico.
From Endothelial Dysfunction to Arterial Stiffness in Diabetes Mellitus.
The Relationship between Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease Measured by Controlled Attenuation Parameter.
Pre-Pregnancy Adherence to the Mediterranean Diet and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Case-Control Study.
Predictors of urinary incontinence in community-dwelling frail older adults with diabetes mellitus in a cross-sectional study.
Diabetes mellitus and the risk of prostate cancer: an update and cumulative meta-analysis.
Synergistic Hypoglycemic Effects of Pumpkin Polysaccharides and Puerarin on Type II Diabetes Mellitus Mice.
Viscus fat area contributes to the Framingham 10-year general cardiovascular disease risk in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Abnormal longitudinal peak systolic strain in asymptomatic patients with type I diabetes mellitus.
ENPP1 121Q functional variant enhances susceptibility to coronary artery disease in South Indian patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
A Point System for Predicting 10-Year Risk of Developing Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in Japanese Men: Aichi Workers' Cohort Study.
VHL-mediated disruption of Sox9 activity compromises β-cell identity and results in diabetes mellitus.
Low-Dose Aspirin for Primary Prevention of Cardiovascular Events in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: 10-Year Follow-Up of a Randomized Controlled Trial.
Iron deficiency in chronic kidney disease patients with diabetes mellitus.
Depression in diabetes mellitus-A comprehensive systematic review of literature from an Indian perspective.
"DAK", a traditional decoction in Palau, as adjuvant for patients with insufficient control of diabetes mellitus type II.
Changes in platelet morphology indices in relation to duration of disease and glycemic control in children with type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Gender-specific associations of body mass index and waist circumference with type 2 diabetes mellitus in Chinese rural adults: The Henan Rural Cohort Study.
Lower alpha fetoprotein and higher risk of hepatocellular carcinoma, study from the type 2 diabetes mellitus patients.
Visceral fat accumulation is associated with increased plasma sphingosine-1-phosphate levels in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Cohort study to determine the waist circumference cutoffs for predicting type 2 diabetes mellitus in rural China.
Type 2 diabetes mellitus and risk of open-angle glaucoma development in Koreans: An 11-year nationwide propensity-score-matched study.
Total serum bilirubin and 8-year incident type 2 diabetes mellitus: The Korean Genome and Epidemiology Study.
Periodontal findings in individuals with newly identified pre-diabetes or diabetes mellitus.
Adjunctive Role of Glucagon-Like Peptide-1 Receptor Agonists in the Management of Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus.
Effect of Aloe vera on glycemic outcomes in patients with diabetes mellitus: a systematic review protocol.
Clinical significance of serum complement factor 3 in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Short- and long-term effects of gestational diabetes mellitus on healthcare cost: a cross-sectional comparative study in the ATLANTIC DIP cohort.
Risk of active tuberculosis among people with diabetes mellitus: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Are patients with diabetes mellitus satisfied with technologies used to assist with diabetes management and coping?: A structured review.
Type 2 diabetes mellitus and its influence in the development of multidrug resistance tuberculosis in patients from southeastern Mexico.
Healthcare costs of people with type 2 diabetes mellitus in the Basque Country (Spain).
Type 2 diabetes mellitus in people with severe mental illness: inequalities by ethnicity and age. Cross-sectional analysis of 588 408 records from the UK.
Marine Food Protection in Testicular Damages Caused by Diabetes Mellitus.
Relationship between motivational style and glycemic control in Jordanian patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
From Sea to Shining Sea and the Great Plains to Patagonia: A Review on Current Knowledge of Diabetes Mellitus in Hispanics/Latinos in the US and Latin America.
Metabolic syndrome independently predicts future diabetes in women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus.
Factors associated with psychological distress, behavioral impact and health-related quality of life among patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Genetic disposition and modifiable factors independently associated with anemia in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Gut microbiota and probiotics: Focus on diabetes mellitus.
Granuloma annulare: A rare dermatological manifestation of diabetes mellitus.
Oral DhHP-6 for the Treatment of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Dipeptidyl peptidase 4 (DPP-4) inhibitors and cardiovascular outcomes in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM): a systematic review and meta-analysis.
An overview of physical activities among family members with risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus in Pekanbaru.
Risk of gestational diabetes mellitus in systemic lupus erythematosus pregnancy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Osteoporosis and vertebral fracture are associated with deterioration of activities of daily living and quality of life in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Mortality in patients with diabetes mellitus and Addison's disease: a nationwide, matched, observational cohort study.
Prevalence of Diabetes Mellitus and Its Risk Factors among Individuals Aged 15 Years and Above in Mizan-Aman Town, Southwest Ethiopia, 2016: A Cross Sectional Study.
Incidence and prevalence rates of diabetes mellitus in Saudi Arabia: An overview.
Patterns and predictors of lipid-lowering therapy in patients with atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease and/or diabetes mellitus in 2014: Insights from a large US managed-care population.
Heart Failure and Diabetes Mellitus: Defining the Problem and Exploring the Interrelationship.
Comparative approaches for classification of diabetes mellitus data: Machine learning paradigm.
Anti-oxidative treatment with vitamin E improves peripheral vascular function in patients with diabetes mellitus and Haptoglobin 2-2 genotype: A double-blinded cross-over study.
Musculoskeletal disorders of the hand in type 2 diabetes mellitus: prevalence and its associated factors.
Non-functional duodenal neuroendocrine carcinoma: a rare cause of diabetes mellitus.
Hepatitis B and C virus infection and diabetes mellitus: A cohort study.
Cognitive Performance in Individuals With Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease and/or Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Thyroid function and autoimmunity in children and adolescents with Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus.
Predictors for the Treatment Effect of Sodium Glucose Co-transporter 2 Inhibitors in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Circulating Concentrations of Advanced Glycation end Products, its Association With the Development of Diabetes Mellitus.
Polymorphisms in genes encoding miR-155 and miR-146a are associated with protection to type 1 diabetes mellitus.
The treatment of diabetes mellitus of patients with chronic liver disease.
Association between Growth Differentiation Factor 15 (GDF15) and Cardiovascular Risk in Patients with Newly Diagnosed Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Hypoglycemic effect of D-chiro-inositol in type 2 diabetes mellitus rats through the PI3K/Akt signaling pathway.
Progestogens for the prevention of preterm birth and risk of developing gestational diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis.
[Hypoglycaemia in patients with type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus on insulin therapy. Results of the global HAT study in Argentina].
Polymorphism of the renalase gene in gestational diabetes mellitus.
Clinical features and molecular analysis of arginine-vasopressin neurophysin II gene in long-term follow-up patients with idiopathic central diabetes insipidus.
An Educational Intervention Using Steno Balance Cards to Improve Glycemic Control in Patients With Poorly Controlled Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Artemisia Extract Improves Insulin Sensitivity in Women With Gestational Diabetes Mellitus by Up-Regulating Adiponectin.
Impact of diabetes mellitus on clinical characteristics, management, and in-hospital outcomes in patients with acute myocardial infarction (from the NCDR).
Incidence of diabetes mellitus in a population-based cohort of HIV-infected and non-HIV-infected persons: the impact of clinical and therapeutic factors over time.
Analysis of National Health and Insurance Registers for All-Cause Mortality in Patients with Heart Failure with and without Diabetes Mellitus in Poland in 2012.
Association between CETP gene polymorphism, insulin resistance and risk of diabetes mellitus in patients with vascular disease.
Role of Oxidative Stress in the Genesis of Atherosclerosis and Diabetes Mellitus: A Personal Look Back on 50 Years of Research.
Association between shift work and risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis of observational studies.
Nanotechnological approaches for the development of herbal drugs in treatment of diabetes mellitus - a critical review.
Diabetes mellitus, hypertension and albuminuria in rural Zambia: a hospital-based survey.
The association of insulin-like growth factor-1 standard deviation score and height in Chinese children with type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Efficacy and safety of Subetta add-on therapy in type 1 diabetes mellitus: The results of a multicenter, double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized clinical trial.
Effect of Education on Impaired Hypoglycemia Awareness and Glycemic Variability in Children and Adolescents with Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus
Case of a novel PAX6 mutation with aniridia and insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the effect of metformin treatment on overall mortality rates in women with endometrial cancer and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Evaluation of the long-term cost-effectiveness of liraglutide vs lixisenatide for treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus in the UK setting.
Diabetes nurse educators' experiences of providing care for women, with gestational diabetes mellitus, from disadvantaged backgrounds.
Newly symptomatic central diabetes insipidus in ESRD with adult polycystic kidney disease following intracranial hemorrhage: the first reported case.
Interleukin-17 gene polymorphisms in patients with post-transplant diabetes mellitus.
Gestational diabetes mellitus and risk of type 2 diabetes 10 years after the index pregnancy in Sri Lankan women-A community based retrospective cohort study.
Prevalence of comorbidities in patients with type-2 diabetes mellitus.
Identification of Key Candidate Genes and Pathways for Relationship between Ovarian Cancer and Diabetes Mellitus Using Bioinformatical Analysis
Age- and gender-specific associations of napping duration with type 2 diabetes mellitus in a Chinese rural population: the RuralDiab study.
Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Is Associated With Better Bone Microarchitecture But Lower Bone Material Strength and Poorer Physical Function in Elderly Women: A Population-Based Study.
Effects of light-emitting diode therapy (LEDT) on cardiopulmonary and hemodynamic adjustments during aerobic exercise and glucose levels in patients with diabetes mellitus: A randomized, crossover, double-blind and placebo-controlled clinical trial.
HMGA1 Mediated High-Glucose-Induced Vascular Smooth Muscle Cell Proliferation in Diabetes Mellitus: Association Between PI3K/Akt Signaling and HMGA1 Expression.
Dimethyl fumarate in a patient with multiple sclerosis and type 1 diabetes mellitus: The importance of ketonuria.
Association between quality of sleep and health-related quality of life in persons with diabetes mellitus type 2.
Central diabetes insipidus: a rare perioperative cause of severe hypernatraemia.
Diabetes mellitus and Alzheimer's disease: GSK-3β as a potential link.
Reduction in maternal serum values of glucose and gamma-glutamyltransferase after supplementation with alpha-lipoic acid in women with gestational diabetes mellitus.
Diabetes mellitus does not affect the incidence of acute kidney injury after cardiac surgery; a nested case-control study.
The correlation between insulin-like growth factor with glycemic control, glomerular filtration rate, blood pressure, hematological changes or body mass index in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Heterogeneity of insulin resistance and beta cell dysfunction in gestational diabetes mellitus: a prospective cohort study of perinatal outcomes.
Whole‑exome sequencing in Russian children with non‑type 1 diabetes mellitus reveals a wide spectrum of genetic variants in MODY‑related and unrelated genes.
Thermal heterogeneity of carotid arteries as a novel biomarker in patients with diabetes mellitus assessed for coronary artery disease.
The Potential of Glycemic Control and Body Weight Change as Early Markers for Pancreatic Cancer in Patients With Long-standing Diabetes Mellitus: A Case-Control Study.
Surrogate markers of the kidney and liver in the assessment of gestational diabetes mellitus and fetal outcome.
Food restriction promotes damage reduction in rat models of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Micronutrient dietary patterns associated with type 2 diabetes mellitus among women of the E3N-EPIC (Etude Epidémiologique auprès de femmes de l'Education Nationale) cohort study.
Hepcidin, soluble transferrin receptor and IL-6 levels in obese children and adolescents with and without type 2 diabetes mellitus/impaired glucose tolerance and their association with obstructive sleep apnea.
Open randomised prospective comparative multi-centre intervention study of patients with cystic fibrosis and early diagnosed diabetes mellitus.
Infection-related mortality is higher for kidney allograft recipients with pretransplant diabetes mellitus.
Role of miRNAs in the pathogenesis and susceptibility of diabetes mellitus.
Relationship of Oxidative Stress as a Link between Diabetes Mellitus and Major Depressive Disorder.
Capacity and capability of Tanzania health facilities to diagnose and manage diabetes mellitus in pregnancy.
Glycemic Control and Insulin Treatment Alter Fracture Risk in Older Men With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
National trends in diabetes mellitus hospitalization in Spain 1997-2010: Analysis of over 5.4 millions of admissions.
Epigenetics in type 1 diabetes: TNFa gene promoter methylation status in Chilean patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus.
A case of idiopathic diabetes insipidus presented with bilateral hydroureteronephrosis and neurogenic bladder: A pediatric case report and literature review.
Sex Differences in the Cardiovascular Consequences of Diabetes Mellitus: A Scientific Statement From the American Heart Association.
Tear Levels of Insulin-Like Growth Factor Binding Protein 3 Correlate With Subbasal Nerve Plexus Changes in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus and Bariatric Surgery: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Influence of dietary protein on postprandial blood glucose levels in individuals with Type 1 diabetes mellitus using intensive insulin therapy.
Potential Clinical Utility of Copeptin (C-terminal provasopressin) measurements in clinical medicine.
[Autologous mesenchymal stem cells and cutaneus autograft as a treatment for chronic ulcer secondary to diabetes mellitus 2].
Cost implications of treatment of diabetes mellitus in a secondary healthcare facility in Ibadan.
Immunogenicity and safety of a 2-dose hepatitis B vaccine, HBsAg/CpG 1018, in persons with diabetes mellitus aged 60-70 years.
Albuminuria, the High-Density Lipoprotein Proteome, and Coronary Artery Calcification in Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus.
[Relationship between urinary cadmium and type 2 diabetes mellitus in adults].
Genes and transcription factors related to the adverse effects of maternal type I diabetes mellitus on fetal development.
Inhibitory effect of silibinin on Amadori-albumin in diabetes mellitus: A multi-spectroscopic and biochemical approach.
Elevation of serum oxLDL/β2-GPI complexes was correlated with diabetic microvascular complications in Type 2 diabetes mellitus patients.
Clinical Outcome Evaluation of Primary Total Knee Arthroplasty in Patients with Diabetes Mellitus.
High prevalence of antithyroid peroxidase and antiparietal cell antibodies among patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus attending a tertiary diabetes centre in South Africa.
Vaccinations and childhood type 1 diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
The Serum Level of KL-6 Is Associated with the Risk of Insulin Resistance and New-onset Diabetes Mellitus: The Tanno-Sobetsu Study.
A Prediction Model for Uncontrolled Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Incorporating Area-level Social Determinants of Health.
Comparison of medication adherence in diabetes mellitus patients on human versus analogue insulins.
Diabetes mellitus induced by somatostatin analogue therapy is not permanent in acromegalic patients.
Association between obesity and depression in patients with diabetes mellitus type 2; a study protocol.
Relationship between amputation and risk factors in individuals with diabetes mellitus: A study with Brazilian patients.
Molecular basis and clinical features of nephrogenic diabetes insipidus.
Effects of canagliflozin, a sodium glucose co-transporter 2 inhibitor, on blood pressure and markers of arterial stiffness in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a post hoc analysis.
Hepatitis C virus infection among patients with diabetes mellitus in Dammam, Saudi Arabia.
Assessment of lower extremity muscle mass, muscle strength, and exercise therapy in elderly patients with diabetes mellitus.
Lumbosacral radiculoplexus neuropathy: Incidence and the association with diabetes mellitus.
Impairment of Wound Healing in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Influences Circulating MicroRNA Patterns via Inflammatory Cytokines.
Longitudinal relationship between diabetes-specific emotional distress and follow-up HbA1c in adults with Type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Does Hsp60 Provide a Link between Mitochondrial Stress and Inflammation in Diabetes Mellitus?
Effect of hypoxia on heart rate variability and baroreflex sensitivity during hypoglycemia in type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Nephrogenic diabetes insipidus in mice caused by deleting COOH-terminal tail of aquaporin-2.
Obstructive sleep apnoea and Type 2 diabetes mellitus: are they connected?
Effects of probiotics supplement in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Oxidative stress increases megalin expression in the renal proximal tubules during the normoalbuminuric stage of diabetes mellitus.
Efficacy and safety of evolocumab in individuals with type 2 diabetes mellitus: primary results of the randomised controlled BANTING study.
Iron deficiency in long standing type 1 diabetes mellitus and its association with depression and impaired quality of life.
Urinary metabolomic profiling in mice with diet-induced obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus after treatment with metformin, vildagliptin and their combination.
Association of ICAM-1 and HMGA1 Gene Variants with Retinopathy in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Among Chinese Individuals.
Causes of death in Japanese patients with diabetes based on the results of a survey of 45,708 cases during 2001-2010: Report of the Committee on Causes of Death in Diabetes Mellitus.
Association of depression with evolution of heart failure in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
The influence of selenium status on body composition, oxidative DNA damage and total antioxidant capacity in newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes mellitus: A case-control study.
Serum chitotriosidase enzyme activity is closely related to HbA1c levels and the complications in patients with diabetes mellitus type 2.
Impact of low high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol level on 2-year clinical outcomes after acute myocardial infarction in patients with diabetes mellitus.
Racial/Ethnic Residential Segregation, Obesity, and Diabetes Mellitus.
Successful transition to sulfonylurea therapy in two Iraqi siblings with neonatal diabetes mellitus and iDEND syndrome due to ABCC8 mutation.
Insulin Pump and Continuous Glucose Monitor Initiation in Hospitalized Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Lifestyle and health status in a sample of Swedish women four years after pregnancy: a comparison of women with a history of normal pregnancy and women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus.
Use of snacks in insulin-treated people with diabetes mellitus and association with HbA1c , weight and quality of life: a cross sectional study.
Evaluation of DEFB1 polymorphisms in individuals with chronic periodontitis and diabetes mellitus type 2 in a population of northeastern Brazil.
The Relationship Between Diabetes Mellitus, Geriatric Syndromes, Physical Function, and Gait: A Review of the Literature.
Sirolimus precipitating diabetes mellitus in a patient with congenital hyperinsulinaemic hypoglycaemia due to autosomal dominant ABCC8 mutation.
Recurrent hypoglycaemia in type-1 diabetes mellitus may unravel the association with Addison's disease: a case report.
Prevalence and correlates of diagnosed and undiagnosed type 2 diabetes mellitus and pre-diabetes in older adults: Findings from the Irish Longitudinal Study on Ageing (TILDA).
Effects of 20-hydroxyecdysone on improving memory deficits in streptozotocin-induced type 1 diabetes mellitus in rat.
Genetic Polymorphisms of Cytochrome p450 (2C9) Enzyme in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in Turkmen and Fars Ethnic Groups.
The Influence of Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus on Dental Caries and Salivary Composition.
Cardiovascular outcomes of vildagliptin in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus after acute coronary syndrome or acute ischemic stroke.
Nivolumab-induced autoimmune diabetes mellitus presenting as diabetic ketoacidosis in a patient with metastatic lung cancer.
Assessing the risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus among children and adolescents with psychiatric disorders treated with atypical antipsychotics: a population-based nested case-control study.
Effects of diabetes mellitus on left atrial volume and functions in normotensive patients without symptomatic cardiovascular disease.
Anti-apoptotic activity of human matrix metalloproteinase-2 attenuates diabetes mellitus.
Cloud based framework for diagnosis of diabetes mellitus using K-means clustering.
Illness perception of adolescents with well-controlled type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Frequency of Type-2 diabetes mellitus in Nephropathic patients and comparison of mean magnesium levels in Nephropathic patients with and without Type-2 diabetes mellitus.
Does metabolic control affect salivary adipokines in type 2 diabetes mellitus?
Changes in pentraxin-3 level and its interaction with metabolic indices in patients with coronary artery disease and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Okara Improved Blood Glucose Level in Vietnamese with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
The Possible Effects of Dapagliflozin on 12-derived Electrocardiogram in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Crestal Bone Loss Around Submerged and Non-Submerged Dental Implants in Individuals with Type-2 Diabetes Mellitus: A 7-Year Prospective Clinical Study.
Effect of ipragliflozin on liver function in Japanese type 2 diabetes mellitus patients: a subgroup analysis of the STELLA-LONG TERM study (3-month interim results).
Platelet Oxidative Stress and its Relationship with Cardiovascular Diseases in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Patients.
Probucol in Albuminuric Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Patients on Renin-Angiotensin System Blockade: A 16-Week, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Trial.
ATP synthase β-subunit abnormality in pancreas islets of rats with polycystic ovary syndrome and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Quality of care and volume for patients with diabetes mellitus in the primary care setting: A population based retrospective cohort study.
Are visceral adiposity index and lipid accumulation product reliable indices for metabolic disturbances in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus?
Inverse relationship between type 1 diabetes mellitus and migraine. Data from the Nord-Trøndelag Health Surveys 1995-1997 and 2006-2008.
Altered expression of PGC-1α and PDX1 and their methylation status are associated with fetal glucose metabolism in gestational diabetes mellitus.
Orai1 downregulation impairs lymphocyte function in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Barriers to insulin initiation in elderly patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus in Brazil.
Arg913Gln of SLC12A3 gene promotes development and progression of end-stage renal disease in Chinese type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Ethnopharmacological knowledge of Shiraz and Fasa in Fars region of Iran for diabetes mellitus.
The frequency of testing for glycated haemoglobin, HbA1c, is linked to the probability of achieving target levels in patients with suboptimally controlled diabetes mellitus.
ADMA reduction does not protect mice with streptozotocin-induced diabetes mellitus from development of diabetic nephropathy.
How people from ethnic minorities describe their experiences of managing type-2 diabetes mellitus: A qualitative meta-synthesis.
Current perspective on the pathogenesis of central diabetes insipidus.
Promising anti-diabetes mellitus activity in rats of β-amyrin palmitate isolated from Hemidesmus indicus roots.
Serum fibrinogen predicts diabetic ESRD in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Frequency of Thyroid Dysfunction in Patients With Diabetes Mellitus Before and After Liver Transplantation.
A YOUNG ADULT WITH GENERALIZED LIPODYSTROPHY AND DIABETES MELLITUS (CASE REPORT).
Permanent neonatal diabetes mellitus: prevalence and genetic diagnosis in the SEARCH for Diabetes in Youth Study.
Augmented cardiac formation of oxidatively-induced carbonylated proteins accompanies the increased functional severity of post-myocardial infarction heart failure in the setting of type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Glycaemic control in type 1 diabetes mellitus among children and adolescents in a resource limited setting in Dar es Salaam - Tanzania.
Plasma Leucine-Rich α-2-Glycoprotein 1 Predicts Rapid eGFR Decline and Albuminuria Progression in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Predictors of Empowerment in Individuals With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Clinical & immunological profile of newly diagnosed patients with youth onset diabetes mellitus.
Safety, humoral and cell-mediated immune responses to herpes zoster vaccine in subjects with diabetes mellitus.
Association of common polymorphisms with gestational diabetes mellitus in Japanese women: A case-control study.
Association of serum magnesium level with poor glycemic control and renal functions in Nepalese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Therapeutic Strategies for Alzheimer's Disease in the View of Diabetes Mellitus.
Use of prasugrel vs clopidogrel and outcomes in patients with and without diabetes mellitus presenting with acute coronary syndrome undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention.
Relationship of the adherence to the Mediterranean diet with health-related quality of life and treatment satisfaction in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a post-hoc analysis of a cross-sectional study.
Acute management and outcomes of patients with diabetes mellitus presenting to Canadian emergency departments with hypoglycemia.
Update on Prevention of Cardiovascular Disease in Adults With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in Light of Recent Evidence: A Scientific Statement From the American Heart Association and the American Diabetes Association.
Gestational diabetes mellitus in HIV-infected pregnant women: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Challenges in diabetes mellitus type 2 management in Nepal: a literature review.
Hypothyroidism associated with acromegaly and insulin-resistant diabetes mellitus in a Samoyed.
[Treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus in patients with chronic kidney disease. Grupo de Trabajo para el Documento de Consenso sobre el tratamiento de la diabetes tipo 2 en el paciente con enfermedad renal crónica].
Target organ damage and incident type 2 diabetes mellitus: the Strong Heart Study.
Short- and medium-term effects of light to moderate alcohol intake on glycaemic control in diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Coxsackievirus B4 as a Causative Agent of Diabetes Mellitus Type 1: Is There a Role of Inefficiently Treated Drinking Water and Sewage in Virus Spreading?
Urinary Metabolites Altered during the Third Trimester in Pregnancies Complicated by Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: Relationship with Potential Upcoming Metabolic Disorders.
Coping Strategies and Quality of Life of Children with Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus: A Preliminary Study.
The Effect of Sleep Hygiene Education on Sleep Quality in Children with Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus: A Preliminary Study.
Metformin induced autophagy in diabetes mellitus - Tuberculosis co-infection patients: A case study.
Diabetes mellitus attenuates the pressure response against hypotensive stress by impairing the sympathetic regulation of the baroreflex afferent arc.
Cardiovascular self-management support program for preventing cardiovascular complication behaviors and clinical outcomes in the elderly with poorly controlled type 2 diabetes mellitus in Indonesia: A pilot study.
Vitamin D and diabetes mellitus.
Phospholipase and Aspartyl Proteinase Activities of Candida Species Causing Vulvovaginal Candidiasis in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Predictors of metformin failure in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM).
Community based study to assess the prevalence of diabetic foot syndrome and associated risk factors among people with diabetes mellitus.
Placental histomorphometry in gestational diabetes mellitus: the relationship between subsequent type 2 diabetes mellitus and race/ethnicity.
Association between diabetes mellitus and angina after acute myocardial infarction: analysis of the TRIUMPH prospective cohort study.
Brain Activation during Memory Encoding in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Discordant Twin Pair Study.
FOURNIER'S GANGRENE, A RARE COMPLICATION OF DIABETES MELLITUS (CASE REPORT).
A Beneficial Role of Rooibos in Diabetes Mellitus: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Metabolic, hormonal characteristics and genetic variants of TCF7L2 associated with development of gestational diabetes mellitus in Mexican women.
Diabetes mellitus mortality in a municipality in the state of São Paulo, 2010 to 2014.
miR-126 as a Therapeutic Agent for Diabetes Mellitus.
Risk of Diabetes Mellitus among Patients Diagnosed with Giant Cell Arteritis or Granulomatosis with Polyangiitis: Comparison with the General Population.
Anti-tuberculosis drug concentrations in tuberculosis patients with and without diabetes mellitus.
Association Between Antipsychotic Treatment and Advanced Diabetes Complications Among Schizophrenia Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Combined effect of serum gamma-glutamyltransferase and uric acid on incidence of diabetes mellitus: A longitudinal study.
Effect modification of green tea on the association between rice intake and the risk of diabetes mellitus: a prospective study in Japanese men and women.
[A rare complication of Streptococcal B meningitis in a newborn: central diabetes insipidus].
[Prevalence of thyroid dysfunction in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus].
Diabetes mellitus and bone health: epidemiology, etiology and implications for fracture risk stratification.
A systematic review of the relationships among psychosocial factors and coping in adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Glycated Hemoglobin in the Diagnosis of Diabetes Mellitus in a Semi-Urban Brazilian Population.
A study about the relevance of adding acetylsalicylic acid in primary prevention in subjects with type 2 diabetes mellitus: effects on some new emerging biomarkers of cardiovascular risk.
Affordable Care Act and Diabetes Mellitus.
Role of molecular genetics in transforming diagnosis of diabetes mellitus.
Relationship between olfactory dysfunction and cognitive impairment in elderly patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Community Program Improves Quality of Life and Self-Management in Older Adults with Diabetes Mellitus and Comorbidity.
Using technology to support care in gestational diabetes mellitus: Quantitative outcomes of an exploratory randomised control trial of adjunct telemedicine for gestational diabetes mellitus (TeleGDM).
The identification of higher forefoot temperatures associated with peripheral arterial disease in type 2 diabetes mellitus as detected by thermography.
Cumulative increased risk of incident type 2 diabetes mellitus with increasing triglyceride glucose index in normal-weight people: The Rural Chinese Cohort Study.
Factors associated with fear of falling in community-dwelling older adults with and without diabetes mellitus: Findings from the Frailty in Brazilian Older People Study (FIBRA-BR).
Resistant starch as a novel dietary strategy to maintain kidney health in diabetes mellitus.
[Position statement: surgery and diabetes mellitus].
Medication-induced diabetes mellitus.
Diabetic retinopathy screening in incident diabetes mellitus type 2 in Germany between 2004 and 2013 - A prospective cohort study based on health claims data.
Depression treatment decreases healthcare expenditures among working age patients with comorbid conditions and type 2 diabetes mellitus along with newly-diagnosed depression.
Biomarkers Associated with Ischemic Stroke in Diabetes Mellitus Patients.
Association between type 2 diabetes mellitus and disability: What is the contribution of diabetes risk factors and diabetes complications?
A Link Between Alzheimer's and Type II Diabetes Mellitus? Ca<sup>+2</sup> -Mediated Signal Control and Protein Localization.
Utility of Real-Time and Retrospective Continuous Glucose Monitoring in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials.
Sugar-Lowering Drugs for Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Metabolic Syndrome-Strategies for In Vivo Administration: Part-II.
High-intensity statin therapy and regression of coronary atherosclerosis in patients with diabetes mellitus.
Hyperbolic relation between beta-cell function and insulin sensitivity for type 2 diabetes mellitus, malaria, influenza, Helicobacter pylori, Chlamydia pneumoniae, and hepatitis C virus infection-induced inflammation/oxidative stress and temporary insulin resistance in Central Africans
Cost-effectiveness analysis of insulin degludec compared with insulin glargine u100 for the management of type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus - from the Spanish National Health System perspective.
Diabetes Health Literacy Among Somali Patients with Diabetes Mellitus in a US Primary Care Setting.
A minimalistic approach to a complex perioperative fluid therapy for diabetes insipidus: is what we perceive the actual reality.
Epilepsy and behavioral changes, type 1 diabetes mellitus and a high titer of glutamic acid decarboxylase antibodies.
Sex and Gender Differences in Risk, Pathophysiology and Complications of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Diabetes mellitus and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: the thread of Ariadne.
Sclerostin does not play a major role in the pathogenesis of skeletal complications in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Birth Weight and Risk of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus, Cardiovascular Disease, and Hypertension in Adults: A Meta-Analysis of 7 646 267 Participants From 135 Studies.
An investigation on 4-thiazolidinone derivatives as dual inhibitors of aldose reductase and protein tyrosine phosphatase 1B, in the search for potential agents for the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus and its complications.
BMAL1 regulates balance of osteogenic-osteoclastic function of bone marrow mesenchymal stem cells in type 2 diabetes mellitus through the NF-κB pathway.
Characterization of dry skin associating with type 2 diabetes mellitus using a KK-A<sup>y</sup>/TaJcl mouse model.
Renal cortical stiffness obtained by shear wave elastography imaging is increased in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus without diabetic nephropathy.
The effects of adiponectin and inflammatory cytokines on diabetic vascular complications in obese and non-obese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
The impact of inpatient education on self-management for patients with acute coronary syndrome and type 2 diabetes mellitus: a cross-sectional study in China.
Gastrointestinal metabolic surgery for the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Mitochondrial and Morphologic Alterations in Native Human Corneal Endothelial Cells Associated With Diabetes Mellitus.
Alterations in Hippocampal Oxidative Stress, Expression of AMPA Receptor GluR2 Subunit and Associated Spatial Memory Loss by Bacopa monnieri Extract (CDRI-08) in Streptozotocin-Induced Diabetes Mellitus Type 2 Mice.
Insulin therapy for adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a position statement of the Korean Diabetes Association, 2017.
Antihyperglycemic agent therapy for adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus 2017: a position statement of the Korean Diabetes Association.
Effect of antihypertensive treatment at different blood pressure levels in patients with diabetes mellitus: systematic review and meta-analyses.
Osteoprotegerin concentration is associated with the presence and severity of peripheral arterial disease in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
A network meta-analysis on the comparative efficacy of different dietary approaches on glycaemic control in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Design of a 24-week trial of empagliflozin once daily in hypertensive black/African American patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Current Management of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in Primary Care Clinics in Korea.
MiniMed 670G hybrid closed loop artificial pancreas system for the treatment of type 1 diabetes mellitus: overview of its safety and efficacy.
Increment of serum bilirubin as an independent marker predicting new-onset type 2 diabetes mellitus in a Korean population.
Impact of a novel pharmacist-delivered behavioral intervention for patients with poorly-controlled diabetes: The ENhancing outcomes through Goal Assessment and Generating Engagement in Diabetes Mellitus (ENGAGE-DM) pragmatic randomized trial.
Clinical inertia and its impact on treatment intensification in people with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Late onset nephrogenic diabetes insipidus following cessation of lithium therapy.
The influence of metabolic syndrome and diabetes mellitus on the N-terminal pro-B-type natriuretic peptide level and its prognostic performance in patients with coronary artery disease.
Diabetes mellitus and risk of ovarian cancer. A systematic review and meta-analysis of 15 cohort studies.
Insulin enhances the peroxidase activity of heme by forming heme-insulin complex: Relevance to type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Human Genetics of Obesity and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: Past, Present, and Future.
Anti-PD-L1 therapy and the onset of diabetes mellitus with positive pancreatic autoantibodies.
Prevalence and risk factors of diabetes mellitus among adults in Jaffna District.
Diagnosis and classification of autoimmune diabetes mellitus.
Evaluation of a protocol-based treatment strategy for postoperative diabetes insipidus in craniopharyngioma.
Presence of Carotid Plaque Is Associated with Rapid Renal Function Decline in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Normal Renal Function.
Lactation and Progression to Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus After Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Prospective Cohort Study.
Genetics of canine diabetes mellitus: are the diabetes susceptibility genes identified in humans involved in breed susceptibility to diabetes mellitus in dogs?
Neuro-Protective Role of Metformin in Patients with Acute Stroke and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus via AMPK/Mammalian Target of Rapamycin (mTOR) Signaling Pathway and Oxidative Stress.
TSH increment and the risk of incident type 2 diabetes mellitus in euthyroid subjects.
Apocynin influence on oxidative stress and cardiac remodeling of spontaneously hypertensive rats with diabetes mellitus.
Changes in Urinary Angiotensinogen Associated with Deterioration of Kidney Function in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Discovery of orally active hepatoselective glucokinase activators for treatment of Type II Diabetes Mellitus.
Fetal myocardial deformation in maternal diabetes mellitus and obesity.
Use of hospital admissions data to quantify the burden of emergency admissions in people with diabetes mellitus.
Hypokalemic periodic paralysis associated with thyrotoxicosis, renal tubular acidosis and nephrogenic diabetes insipidus.
Vasopressin type 2 receptor V88M mutation: molecular basis of partial and complete nephrogenic diabetes insipidus.
The roles of endothelial nitric oxide synthase gene polymorphisms in diabetes mellitus and its associated vascular complications: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diabetes Mellitus m-Health Applications: A Systematic Review of Features and Fundamentals.
Serum NfL (Neurofilament Light Chain) Levels and Incident Stroke in Adults With Diabetes Mellitus.
[Incomplete central diabetes insipidus in living kidney transplant patient].
Attitude, complications, ability of fasting and glycemic control in fasting Ramadan by children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Mesenchymal stem cells and differentiated insulin producing cells are new horizons for pancreatic regeneration in type I diabetes mellitus.
Different intervention strategies for preventing type 2 diabetes mellitus in China: A systematic review and network meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Differences in food intake and genetic variability in taste receptors between Czech pregnant women with and without gestational diabetes mellitus.
Association between plasma triglycerides and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and microvascular kidney disease and retinopathy in type 2 diabetes mellitus: a global case-control study in 13 countries.
Gestational diabetes mellitus and obstetric outcomes in a Ghanaian community.
Impact of Comorbid Chronic Conditions to Quality of Life among Elderly Patients with Diabetes Mellitus in Vietnam.
Machine Learning for the Prediction of New-Onset Diabetes Mellitus during 5-Year Follow-up in Non-Diabetic Patients with Cardiovascular Risks.
Association of diabetic ketoacidosis, severe hypoglycemia and glycemic control among children and young adults with type 1 diabetes mellitus treated with premixed versus basal-bolus insulin therapy.
Assessment of asymptomatic ischemic heart disease using stress myocardial perfusion imaging in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Effects of Consuming Calcium-Rich Foods on the Incidence of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Perioperative management in a patient with type 1 diabetes mellitus who presented severe hypoglycemia during dental implant surgery: a case report.
Brain imaging correlates of mild cognitive impairment and early dementia in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Milk Powder Co-Supplemented with Inulin and Resistant Dextrin Improves Glycemic Control and Insulin Resistance in Elderly Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A 12-Week Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Trial.
The safety and efficacy of once-weekly glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonist semaglutide in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a systemic review and meta-analysis.
Ethnic Disparity in Annual Healthcare Expenditures for Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in Ningxia, China.
Hepatitis C virus infection and development of type 2 diabetes mellitus: Systematic review and meta-analysis of the literature.
Effect Of Non- Surgical Periodontal Treatment On Glycemic Control Among Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Patients With Periodontitis.
Novel Measure of Opioid Dose and Costs of Care for Diabetes Mellitus: Opioid Dose and Health Care Costs.
Immediate effect of passive static stretching versus resistance exercises on postprandial blood sugar levels in type 2 diabetes mellitus: a randomized clinical trial.
Severe hypoglycemia is a risk factor for atrial fibrillation in type 2 diabetes mellitus: Nationwide population-based cohort study.
Permanent neonatal diabetes mellitus in Jordan.
A novel splice site mutation of the arginine vasopressin-neurophysin II gene identified in a kindred with autosomal dominant familial neurohypophyseal diabetes insipidus.
Angiotensin-Converting Enzyme Inhibitor Use and Major Cardiovascular Outcomes in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Treated With the Dipeptidyl Peptidase 4 Inhibitor Alogliptin.
Ocular autofluorescence in diabetes mellitus. A review.
Diagnostic accuracy of glycated hemoglobin for post-transplantation diabetes mellitus after kidney transplantation: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diabetes Mellitus and Sepsis: A Challenging Association.
Effects of a Psychoeducational Program on Hemoglobin A1c Level and Health-Related Quality of Life in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus, Jazan, Saudi Arabia.
Oxidation of glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase decreases sperm motility in diabetes mellitus.
[Exercise and oxidative stress in type 2 diabetes mellitus].
[Osmoregulating effect of vasopressin with prolonged action on Brattleboro rats with hypothalamic diabetes insipidus].
Myelodysplastic syndrome complicated by central diabetes insipidus and cerebral salt wasting syndrome with peculiar change in magnetic resonance images.
The Biochemical Role of Macro and Micro-Minerals in the Management of Diabetes Mellitus and its Associated Complications: A Review.
Maternal Lipids May Predict Fetal Growth in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Pregnancies.
Protective and anti‑angiopathy effects of ginsenoside Re against diabetes mellitus via the activation of p38 MAPK, ERK1/2 and JNK signaling.
Nephrogenic diabetes insipidus in a patient with L1 syndrome: a new report of a contiguous gene deletion syndrome including L1CAM and AVPR2.
Diabetes mellitus is an independent risk for gastroesophageal reflux disease among urban African Americans.
Stratified Diabetes Mellitus Prevalence for the Northwestern Nigerian States, a Data Mining Approach.
Prevalence of oral mucosal lesions among patients with diabetes mellitus types 1 and 2.
Alterations of Gut Microbiota and Blood Lipidome in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus With Hyperlipidemia.
Student pharmacists' service-oriented learning at a camp for children with type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Characterization of smooth muscle, enteric nerve, interstitial cells of Cajal, and fibroblast-like cells in the gastric musculature of patients with diabetes mellitus.
[Acatalasemia and type 2 diabetes mellitus].
Incidence of diabetic foot ulcer in Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: The Fukuoka diabetes registry.
[Anticoagulant therapy for patients with atrial fibrillationin in special situations: diabetes mellitus and/or chronic kidney disease].
Association of Bone Mineral Density, Bone Turnover Markers, and Vertebral Fractures with All-Cause Mortality in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Model to improve cardiometabolic risk factors in Palestine refugees with diabetes mellitus attending UNRWA health centers.
DPP-4 inhibitors and cardiovascular disease in type 2 diabetes mellitus. Expectations, observations and perspectives.
Increase in Peripheral Blood Intermediate Monocytes is Associated with the Development of Recent-Onset Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus in Children.
Prospective study of Type 2 diabetes mellitus, anti-diabetic drugs and risk of prostate cancer.
Diabetes mellitus, frailty and prognosis in very elderly patients with acute coronary syndromes.
Efficacy of inhibition of IL-1 in patients with rheumatoid arthritis and type 2 diabetes mellitus: two case reports and review of the literature.
Association of sleep quality and quality of life in type 2 diabetes mellitus: a cross-sectional study in China.
Use of parenteral glucocorticoids and the risk of new onset type 2 diabetes mellitus: A case-control study.
Arterial Stiffness Modulates the Association of Resting Heart Rate With Rapid Renal Function Decline in Individuals With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Adherence of patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus to medications: the role of risk preferences.
The Interactions Between Diabetes Mellitus and Myelodysplastic Syndromes: Current State of Evidence and Future Directions.
Understanding the Association of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in Breast Cancer Among African American and European American Populations in South Carolina.
Validity of Postmortem Glycated Hemoglobin to Determine Status of Diabetes Mellitus in Corneal Donors.
Impact of gut microbiota on diabetes mellitus.
A Pilot Study Evaluating the Effects of Diabetes Specific Nutrition Supplement and Lifestyle Intervention on Glycemic Control in Overweight and Obese Asian Indian Adults with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Prevalence of diabetes mellitus among children and adolescents in the district of Abidjan in Cote d'Ivoire: a population-based study.
MiRNA-92a protects pancreatic B-cell function by targeting KLF2 in diabetes mellitus.
Different views of dentists and general medical practitioners on dental care for patients with diabetes mellitus and coronary heart diseases: results of a questionnaire-based survey in a district of Germany.
Glycemic control and its associated factors among diabetes mellitus patients at Ayder comprehensive specialized hospital, Mekelle-Ethiopia.
[Influence of periodontal non-surgical therapy on serum interleukin 6 expression and carotid artery wall in rats with periodontitis and type 2 diabetes mellitus].
Association of Endocan, Ischemia-Modified Albumin, and hsCRP Levels With Endothelial Dysfunction in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
The Prognostic Impact of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus on Early Cervical Cancer in Asia.
PAX4 preserves endoplasmic reticulum integrity preventing beta cell degeneration in a mouse model of type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Association between diabetes mellitus and multi-drug-resistant tuberculosis: evidence from a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between exposure to desalinated sea water and ischemic heart disease, diabetes mellitus and colorectal cancer; A population-based study in Israel.
The association between type 2 diabetes mellitus and women cancer: the epidemiological evidences and putative mechanisms.
[Increased risk of type II diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease after gestational diabetes mellitus: a systematic review].
Nitric oxide levels in patients with diabetes mellitus: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Coenzyme Q10 and oxidative stress, the association with peripheral sensory neuropathy and cardiovascular disease in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Recognition of incident diabetes mellitus during an acute myocardial infarction.
miR-125a-5p ameliorates hepatic glycolipid metabolism disorder in type 2 diabetes mellitus through targeting of STAT3.
Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus remission eighteen months after Roux-en-Y gastric bypass.
Assessment of FTO Gene Polymorphism and its Association with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in North Indian Populations.
Arachidonic acid-rich ARASCO oil has anti-inflammatory and antidiabetic actions against streptozotocin + high fat diet induced diabetes mellitus in Wistar rats.
Relationship of lactation, BMI, and rs12255372 TCF7L2 polymorphism on the conversion to type 2 diabetes mellitus in women with previous gestational diabetes.
Age and Prevalence of Esophageal Reflux Disease in Japanese Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: The Dogo Study.
Diabetes mellitus and the risk of aneurysmal subarachnoid haemorrhage: A systematic review and meta-analysis of current evidence.
An integrative review of therapeutic footwear for neuropathic foot due to diabetes mellitus.
Reduced Serum Levels of Brain-Derived Neurotrophic Factor Are Related to Mild Cognitive Impairment in Chinese Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
The impact of folic acid intake on the association among diabetes mellitus, obesity, and spina bifida.
Hyperglycaemia suppresses microRNA expression in platelets to increase P2RY12 and SELP levels in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Antioxidant effects of curcuminoids in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a randomized controlled trial.
Cardiovascular outcomes with sodium-glucose cotransporter-2 inhibitors in patients with type II diabetes mellitus: A meta-analysis of placebo-controlled randomized trials.
The effect of dipeptidyl peptidase-IV inhibition on circulating T cell subpopulations in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Long-term maintenance of efficacy of dapagliflozin in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease.
Mediastinal, subcutaneous and multiple muscular abscesses caused by group B streptococcus serotype VIII in a type 2 diabetes mellitus patient.
The burden of common infections in children and adolescents with diabetes mellitus: A Pediatric Health Information System study.
Dietary manganese and type 2 diabetes mellitus: two prospective cohort studies in China.
Treatment of nephrogenic diabetes insipidus due to hypervitaminosis D.
Burden of disease from lower limb amputations attributable to diabetes mellitus in Santa Catarina State, Brazil, 2008-2013.
Aquaporin-2: new mutations responsible for autosomal-recessive nephrogenic diabetes insipidus-update and epidemiology.
Cardiovascular Risk in Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus.
An estimation of the prevalence of diabetes mellitus and diabetic retinopathy in adults in Timor-Leste.
[Pregestional diabetes mellitus and pregnancy].
Risk of hospitalization for hypoglycemia among older Korean people with diabetes mellitus: Interactions between treatment modalities and comorbidities.
[Antihyperglycemic treatment guidelines for diabetes mellitus type 2 (Update 2019)].
Achilles tenodesis for calcaneal insufficiency avulsion fractures associated with diabetes mellitus.
Association between comorbidities and dementia in diabetes mellitus patients: population-based retrospective cohort study.
[Monogenic form of diabetes mellitus due to HNF4α mutation (MODY-1) - the first case in Hungary].
Structure-based identification of potential novel inhibitors targeting FAM3B (PANDER) causing type 2 diabetes mellitus through virtual screening.
Effect of different dietary patterns on glycemic control in individuals with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A systematic review.
Effect of Diabetes Mellitus on the Pharmacokinetics and Pharmacodynamics of Tuberculosis Treatment.
Fungal Esophagitis in a Child with Insulin Dependent Diabetes Mellitus.
Comparative Impact of Hypoglycemic Agents on Severity and Extent of Myocardial Ischemia in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Undergoing Myocardial Perfusion Scintigraphy.
Role of Vitamin D in Intima Media Thickness in Patients with Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus.
Cost effectiveness and value of information analyses of islet cell transplantation in the management of 'unstable' type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Nesfatin-1 and Vaspin as Potential Novel Biomarkers for the Prediction and Early Diagnosis of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.
Circulating Pro-Neurotensin in gestational diabetes mellitus.
Hepatitis C Virus Infection at Primary Healthcare Level in Abha City, Southwestern Saudi Arabia: Is Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus an Associated Factor?
Acute severe hyponatremia induced by aceclofen in a male patient with central diabetes insipidus.
A pituitary abscess with one year follow-up after conservative treatment: A case report.
Androgen Deficiency in Aging Male Questionnaire for the Clinical Detection of Testosterone Deficiency in a Population of Black Sub-Saharan African Men with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: Is it a Reliable Tool?
Development and validation of a predictive model for Chronic Kidney Disease progression in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus based on a 13-year study in Singapore.
Influence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease on the development of diabetes mellitus.
Study protocol: a randomised placebo-controlled clinical trial to study the effect of vitamin D supplementation on glycaemic control in type 2 Diabetes Mellitus SUNNY trial.
Antenatal inflammation and gestational diabetes mellitus risk among pregnant African-American women.
Health related quality of life, reoperation rate and function in patients with diabetes mellitus and hip fracture--a 2 year follow-up study.
The effectiveness of Internet intervention on 926 patients with diabetes mellitus for up to 30 months.
Prevalence of obesity, diabetes mellitus, hypertension and associated risk factors in a mining workforce, Democratic Republic of Congo.
[Type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular risk factors: is comprehensive treatment required?].
Potential Effects of Nonsteroidal Anti-Inflammatory Drugs in the Prevention and Treatment of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
The effects of Smoking Cessation on Diabetes Mellitus Patients.
Web-based intervention for depressive symptoms in adults with types 1 and 2 diabetes mellitus: a health economic evaluation.
[The prevalence of type 2 diabetes mellitus in patients with autoimmune thyroiditis in hypothyroid stadium].
[The curative effect of rhubarb extract on severe periodontitis in patients with diabetes mellitus].
Diabetes mellitus and hypoglycemia as a complication of intravenous insulin to treat hyperkalemia in the emergency department.
The Error of Estimated GFR in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Lifestyle intervention modifies the effect of the MC4R genotype on changes in insulin resistance among women with prior gestational diabetes: Tianjin Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Prevention Program.
Effect of Probiotic Soy Milk on Serum Levels of Adiponectin, Inflammatory Mediators, Lipid Profile, and Fasting Blood Glucose Among Patients with Type II Diabetes Mellitus.
Incretin-based therapy for the treatment of bone fragility in diabetes mellitus.
Single-pill combination therapy for type 2 diabetes mellitus: linagliptin plus empagliflozin.
The diagnosis of children with central diabetes insipidus.
Insulin regimens for newly diagnosed children with type 1 diabetes mellitus in Australia and New Zealand: A survey of current practice.
Blood pressure regulation determined by ambulatory blood pressure profiles in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus: Impact on diabetic complications.
Lack of evidence for a role of islet autoimmunity in the aetiology of canine diabetes mellitus.
Relationship between urinary sodium-to-potassium ratio and ambulatory blood pressure in patients with diabetes mellitus.
C-Aryl Glucosides with Substituents at the Distal Aryl Ring as Sodium-Dependent Glucose Cotransporter Inhibitors for the Treatment of Diabetes Mellitus.
Permanent central diabetes insipidus after mild traumatic brain injury.
Diverse vasopressin V2 receptor functionality underlying partial congenital nephrogenic diabetes insipidus.
In cats with newly diagnosed diabetes mellitus, use of a near-euglycemic management paradigm improves remission rate over a traditional paradigm.
Severe Spastic Contractures and Diabetes Mellitus Independently Predict Subsequent Minimal Trauma Fractures Among Long-Term Care Residents.
Overexpression of a glucokinase point mutant in the treatment of diabetes mellitus.
Self-Care in Adults with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Systematic Review.
[Diagnosis and insulin therapy of type 1 diabetes mellitus (Update 2019)].
Benefits of non-surgical periodontal treatment in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus and chronic periodontitis: A randomized controlled trial.
Risk factor for diabetes mellitus in pediatric chronic pancreatitis patients.
Association between polymorphisms in microRNAs and susceptibility to diabetes mellitus: A meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of alirocumab among individuals with diabetes mellitus and atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease in the ODYSSEY phase 3 trials.
Placenta-Derived Adherent Stromal Cells Improve Diabetes Mellitus-Associated Left Ventricular Diastolic Performance.
Interactions between genetic polymorphisms of glucose metabolizing genes and smoking and alcohol consumption in the risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
The Impact of Patient Education on Anthropometric, Lipidemic, and Glycemic Parameters Among Patients With Poorly Controlled Type II Diabetes Mellitus: A 3-Month Prospective Single-Center Turkish Study.
A Korean multicenter study of prenatal risk factors for overt diabetes during the postpartum period after gestational diabetes mellitus.
Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Is Associated With Further Left Ventricular Abnormalities in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A 3-Dimensional Speckle-Tracking Study.
Effects of switching from prandial premixed insulin therapy to basal plus two times bolus insulin therapy on glycemic control and quality of life in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Short-term effects of dapagliflozin on insulin sensitivity, postprandial glucose excursion and ketogenesis in type 1 diabetes mellitus: A randomized, placebo-controlled, double blind, cross-over pilot study.
Person-centred, web-based support in pregnancy and early motherhood for women with Type 1 diabetes mellitus: a randomized controlled trial.
mTOR and Cardiovascular Diseases: Diabetes Mellitus.
Population-based cohort study suggesting a significantly increased risk of developing chronic obstructive pulmonary disease in people with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
[Glycemic variability and oxidative stress in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus during combined glucose-lowering therapy].
T-Regulatory Cell Subsets in Children with Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus: Relation to Control of the Disease.
[The treatment of elderly and senile patients with venous trophic ulcers and type 2 diabetes mellitus.]
Insulin treatment corrects hepcidin but not YKL-40 levels in persons with type 2 diabetes mellitus matched by body mass index, waist-to-height ratio, C-reactive protein and Creatinine.
Effect of NonSurgical Periodontal Therapy on Plasma Levels of IL-17 in Chronic Periodontitis Patients with Well Controlled Type-II Diabetes Mellitus-A Clinical Study.
The Effects of Laparoscopic Sleeve Gastrectomy with Duodenojejunal Bypass on Japanese Patients with BMI < 35 kg/m<sup>2</sup> on Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and the Prediction of Successful Glycemic Control.
Common variants of HNF1A gene are associated with diabetic retinopathy and poor glycemic control in normal-weight Japanese subjects with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Recent Advances in Disease Modeling and Drug Discovery for Diabetes Mellitus Using Induced Pluripotent Stem Cells.
Diabetes mellitus secondary to pancreatic diseases (type 3c): The effect of smoking on the exocrine-endocrine interactions of the pancreas.
Diabetes Mellitus Type 2: A Driving Force for Urological Complications.
Preventing the progression to type 2 diabetes mellitus in adults at high risk: a systematic review and network meta-analysis of lifestyle, pharmacological and surgical interventions.
Association between 24h Urinary Sodium and Potassium Excretion and Estimated Glomerular Filtration Rate (eGFR) Decline or Death in Patients with Diabetes Mellitus and eGFR More than 30 ml/min/1.73m2.
Fear of Falling in Older Adults with Diabetes Mellitus: The IMIAS Study.
The Risk for Glucose Intolerance after Gestational Diabetes Mellitus since the Introduction of the IADPSG Criteria: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Diabetes Mellitus Impairs White Matter Repair and Long-Term Functional Deficits After Cerebral Ischemia.
T cell activation and cardiovascular risk in type 2 diabetes mellitus: a protocol for a systematic review and meta-analysis.
MicroRNAs and type 2 diabetes mellitus: Molecular mechanisms and the effect of antidiabetic drug treatment.
Salivary flow and xerostomia in older patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Technology in the management of type 1 diabetes mellitus - current status and future prospects.
Customizing the Types of Technologies Used by Patients With Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus for Diabetes Treatment: Case Series on Patient Experience.
The prevalence and risk factors of gestational diabetes mellitus in Turkey: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Temporal trends in quality of primary care for patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A population-based retrospective cohort study after implementation of a quality improvement initiative.
A pilot study of short-term toe resistance training in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
A Meta-analysis of the Association of Estimated GFR, Albuminuria, Diabetes Mellitus, and Hypertension With Acute Kidney Injury.
Association between glycemic control and antidiabetic drugs in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients with cardiovascular complications.
[Perception of insulin therapy in uncontrolled patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus].
Efficacy of multiple arterial coronary bypass grafting in patients with diabetes mellitus.
Long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCPUFAs) and nordihydroguaiaretic acid (NDGA) modulate metabolic and inflammatory markers in a spontaneous type 2 diabetes mellitus model (Stillman Salgado rats).
Diabetes mellitus and atrial fibrillation: Pathophysiological mechanisms and potential upstream therapies.
Impact of low dose atorvastatin on development of new-onset diabetes mellitus in Asian population: Three-year clinical outcomes.
A longitudinal investigation of cognitive function in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Diabetes mellitus among outpatients with COPD attending a university hospital.
Potential roles of Citrulline and watermelon extract on metabolic and inflammatory variables in diabetes mellitus, current evidence and future directions: A systematic review.
Results of the first recorded evaluation of a national gestational diabetes mellitus register: Challenges in screening, registration, and follow-up for diabetes risk.
Relationship between diabetes mellitus and heart rate variability in community-dwelling elders.
[Microcirculatory parameters in compensated and decompensated type 2 diabetes mellitus].
Impact of Beta-Blocker Initiation Timing on Mortality Risk in Patients With Diabetes Mellitus Undergoing Noncardiac Surgery: A Nationwide Population-Based Cohort Study.
5-Year longitudinal study of determinants of glycemic control for multi-ethnic Asian patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus managed in primary care.
Microscopic and ultrastructural features in Wolcott-Rallison syndrome, a permanent neonatal diabetes mellitus: about two autopsy cases.
Health care resource utilization and costs during episodes of care for type 2 diabetes mellitus-related comorbidities.
Roles of insulin resistance and beta cell dysfunction in macrosomia among Chinese women with gestational diabetes mellitus.
C-reactive protein for predicting prognosis and its gender-specific associations with diabetes mellitus and hypertension in the development of coronary artery spasm.
Glargine insulin for treatment of naturally occurring diabetes mellitus in dogs.
Neuromuscular complications of diabetes mellitus.
Type II deiodinase polymorphism: A potential risk factor of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Mechanism of Astragalus polysaccharides in attenuating insulin resistance in Rats with type 2 diabetes mellitus via the regulation of liver microRNA‑203a‑3p.
Diabetes knowledge and utilization of healthcare services among patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus in Dhaka, Bangladesh.
Is rationale to decrease serum osteoprotegerin and fetuin-A in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients?
Curcumin augments the cardioprotective effect of metformin in an experimental model of type I diabetes mellitus; Impact of Nrf2/HO-1 and JAK/STAT pathways.
The cost-effectiveness of dapagliflozin versus sulfonylurea as an add-on to metformin in the treatment of Type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Perceptions and Concerns Regarding Diabetes Mellitus During Pregnancy Among American Indian Women.
Meeting the needs of multimorbid patients with Type 2 diabetes mellitus - A randomized controlled trial to assess the impact of a care management intervention aiming to improve self-care.
Influence of diabetes mellitus on inappropriate and appropriate implantable cardioverter-defibrillator therapy and mortality in the Multicenter Automatic Defibrillator Implantation Trial-Reduce Inappropriate Therapy (MADIT-RIT) Trial.
Rosiglitazone and outcomes for patients with diabetes mellitus and coronary artery disease in the Bypass Angioplasty Revascularization Investigation 2 Diabetes (BARI 2D) trial.
Genitourinary melioidosis in a Bangladeshi farmer with IgA nephropathy complicated by steroid-induced diabetes mellitus.
A comparative study of <i>Shilajatu</i> and <i>Asanadi Ghana Vati</i> in the management of <i>Madhumeha</i> w.s.r. to type-2 diabetes mellitus.
[Acupoint injection of BMSCs combined with Chinese herbs for capillary density in ischemic hind limb of diabetes mellitus rats].
Diabetes mellitus is a coronary heart disease risk equivalent for peripheral vascular disease.
Modelling the prevalence of diabetes mellitus risk factors based on artificial neural network and multiple regression.
Association between type 2 diabetes mellitus and anthropometric measurements - a case control study in South India.
Incidence and time trends of type 2 diabetes mellitus in youth aged 5-19 years: a population-based registry in Zhejiang, China, 2007 to 2013.
Cytokine genotype distribution in patients with periodontal disease and rheumatoid arthritis or diabetes mellitus.
Empirically derived dietary patterns and incident type 2 diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis on prospective observational studies.
Reasons and barriers for using a patient portal: survey among patients with diabetes mellitus.
Patient satisfaction with doctor-patient interactions: a mixed methods study among diabetes mellitus patients in Pakistan.
Associations of demographic and behavioural factors with glycaemic control in young adults with type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Expression of CD4<sup>+</sup> CD28<sup>null</sup> T lymphocytes in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus: Relation to microvascular complications, aortic elastic properties, and carotid intima media thickness.
Cutaneous xanthomatosis, diabetes insipidus, and hyperprolactinemia.
Prognostic accuracy of continuous glucose monitoring in the prediction of diabetes mellitus in children with incidental hyperglycemia: receiver operating characteristic analysis.
The role of MIF in type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Is there an association between tendinopathy and diabetes mellitus? A systematic review with meta-analysis.
A Case of Fulminant Type 1 Diabetes in a Patient with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Analysis of Dietary Factors Affecting Body Mass Index in Elderly Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Glycemic control and diabetes complications among diabetes mellitus patients attending at University of Gondar Hospital, Northwest Ethiopia.
Sociodemographic determinants and health outcome variation in individuals with type 1 diabetes mellitus: A register-based study.
[Diabetes Mellitus Type 2: Recent Publications and New Drugs].
Effect of intensive blood pressure control in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus over 9 years of follow-up: A subgroup analysis of high-risk ACCORDION trial participants.
Is chronic toxoplasmosis a risk factor for diabetes mellitus? A systematic review and meta-analysis of case-control studies.
Polymorphism rs5498 of the ICAM-1 gene affects the progression of carotid atherosclerosis in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Risk of ischemic stroke after an acute myocardial infarction in patients with diabetes mellitus.
The effect of an EDTA-based chelation regimen on patients with diabetes mellitus and prior myocardial infarction in the Trial to Assess Chelation Therapy (TACT).
Expert opinion on managing chronic HCV infection in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Increased myocardial extracellular volume assessed by cardiovascular magnetic resonance T1 mapping and its determinants in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients with normal myocardial systolic strain.
Lychee seed extract protects against neuronal injury and improves cognitive function in rats with type II diabetes mellitus with cognitive impairment.
Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Simple Glucose Metabolism Parameters may Reliably Predict Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease Features.
Dietary patterns and the risk of obesity, type 2 diabetes mellitus, cardiovascular diseases, asthma, and neurodegenerative diseases.
Efficacy and safety of teneligliptin, a novel dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitor, in Korean patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a 24-week multicentre, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled phase III trial.
Phenotype variability in nephrogenic diabetes insipidus due to p.D85N mutation in the arginine vasopressin receptor 2 gene.
Maternal diabetes mellitus and risk of neonatal respiratory distress syndrome: a meta-analysis.
Common medications used by patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: what are their effects on the lipid profile?
Fitness and physical activity in youth with type 1 diabetes mellitus in good or poor glycemic control.
[Age characteristics of the cardiovascular system, depending on the thyroid function in type 2 diabetes mellitus].
Nurse-Led Tele-Coaching on Modifiable Cardiovascular Risk Factors in People with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Pregnancy outcomes among women with type 1 diabetes mellitus using continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion versus multiple daily injections: A retrospective cohort study.
Impact of pre-pregnancy diabetes mellitus on congenital anomalies, Canada, 2002-2012.
Platelets and diabetes mellitus.
Diabetes insipidus in Langerhans cell histiocytosis: When is treatment indicated?
An Assessment of HbA1c in Diabetes Mellitus and Pre-diabetes Diagnosis: a Multi-centered Data Mining Study.
Dietary macronutrients and fluid intakes in a sample of pregnant women with either gestational diabetes or type 1 diabetes mellitus, assessed in comparison with Polish nutritional guidelines.
Anti-inflammatory Effect of Astaxanthin on the Sickness Behavior Induced by Diabetes Mellitus.
Triglyceride levels and risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus: a longitudinal large study.
Hypertriglyceridemia in Diabetes Mellitus: Implications for Pediatric Care.
Incipient Albuminuria in Persons with Newly Diagnosed Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A 5-Year Retrospective Cohort Study.
Lack of effect of the SLC47A1 and SLC47A2 gene polymorphisms on the glycemic response to metformin in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients.
The effect of guided self-determination on self-management in persons with type 1 diabetes mellitus and HbA<sub>1c</sub> ≥64 mmol/mol: a group-based randomised controlled trial.
Influence of genetic variations in platelet glycoproteins and eNOS in the development of arterial ischaemia of lower limbs in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients.
Zinc and type 2 diabetes mellitus with periodontitis – a systematic review.
Expression of CTRP3, a novel adipokine, in rats at different pathogenic stages of type 2 diabetes mellitus and the impacts of GLP-1 receptor agonist on it.
An observational study of the risk of neonatal macrosomia, and early gestational diabetes associated with selected candidate genes for type 2 diabetes mellitus polymorphisms in women with gestational diabetes mellitus.
Effects of Vildagliptin on Ventricular Function in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Heart Failure: A Randomized Placebo-Controlled Trial.
Weight Loss with Sleeve Gastrectomy in Obese Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: Impact on Cardiac Function.
Predictors of health-related quality of life among people with type II diabetes Mellitus in Ardabil, Northwest of Iran, 2014.
Type 2 diabetes mellitus in Danish children and adolescents in 2014.
Wolfram Syndrome: a rare optic neuropathy in youth with type 1 diabetes.
Evaluation of the relationship between loneliness and medication adherence in patients with diabetes mellitus: A cross-sectional study.
[Depressive symptoms and type 2 diabetes mellitus in outpatients of an Armed Forces hospital in Lima, Peru, 2012: a cross-sectional study].
Diabetes mellitus related bone metabolism and periodontal disease.
Aptasensor based optical detection of glycated albumin for diabetes mellitus diagnosis.
Feeding in adults with type II diabetes mellitus in three public hospitals in Cundinamarca, Colombia
Association of PAI-1 4G/5G Polymorphism with Ischemic Stroke in Chinese Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Liraglutide Reduces Postprandial Hyperlipidemia by Increasing ApoB48 (Apolipoprotein B48) Catabolism and by Reducing ApoB48 Production in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Serum carbohydrate antigen 153 and renal function in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Prevalence and differences between type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus regarding female sexual dysfunction: a cross-sectional Egyptian study.
A comparison of sotagliflozin therapy for diabetes mellitus between week 24 with week 52 : A protocol for mixed treatment comparisons meta-analysis.
Clinical Applications of Adiponectin Measurements in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: Screening, Diagnosis, and Marker of Diabetes Control.
[Transition from childhood to adolescence-a qualitative study on experiences of adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus and their mothers].
Effect of hydroalcoholic Allium ampeloprasum extract on oxidative stress, diabetes mellitus and dyslipidemia in alloxan-induced diabetic rats.
Incidence of Post-transplantation Diabetes Mellitus Within 1 Year After Kidney Transplantation and Related Factors in Korean Cohort Study.
Exploring the Effectiveness of Smart Technologies in the Management of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Antimony in urine during early pregnancy correlates with increased risk of gestational diabetes mellitus: A prospective cohort study.
Gestational diabetes mellitus: different management strategies should be adopted for different subsets of patients diagnosed by oral glucose tolerance test.
Use of HbA1c to diagnose type 2 diabetes mellitus among high risk Sri Lankan adults.
Visual, Ocular Motor, and Cochleo-Vestibular Loss in Patients With Heteroplasmic, Maternally-Inherited Diabetes Mellitus and Deafness (MIDD), 3243 Transfer RNA Mutation.
Central diabetes insipidus: clinical profile and factors indicating organic etiology in children.
Effect of Almond Supplementation on Glycemia and Cardiovascular Risk Factors in Asian Indians in North India with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A 24-Week Study.
Metformin Use and Clinical Outcomes Among Patients With Diabetes Mellitus With or Without Heart Failure or Kidney Dysfunction: Observations From the SAVOR-TIMI 53 Trial.
Diabetes Mellitus Treatment Deintensification: When Well-Controlled Diabetes Mellitus Becomes Overcontrolled.
Effects of bardoxolone methyl on body weight, waist circumference and glycemic control in obese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus and stage 4 chronic kidney disease.
Liver Enzymes, Fatty Liver and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in a Jinchang Cohort: A Prospective Study in Adults.
Urinary levels of pyridinoline and deoxypyridinoline and bone mineral density in children with type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Counseling practice of community pharmacists for diabetes mellitus patients in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia.
Should early surgical intervention be recommended for obese patients with type two diabetes mellitus?
The association between proinflammatory cytokines and kidney function, body composition, and nutritional markers in nondialysis-dependent chronic kidney disease patients with diabetes mellitus type 2 .
High level of individual lipid profile and lipid ratio as a predictive marker of poor glycemic control in type-2 diabetes mellitus.
Hemichorea after hypoglycemic episodes with negative MRI findings in an elderly woman with poorly controlled type 2 diabetes mellitus: a case report.
Impact of hypoglycemic episodes on health-related quality of life of type-2 diabetes mellitus patients: development and validation of a specific QoLHYPO<sup>©</sup> questionnaire.
Dysregulation of renal aquaporins and epithelial sodium channel in lithium-induced nephrogenic diabetes insipidus.
Incidence and Risk Factors for Dementia in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Nationwide Population-Based Study in Korea.
[Association between depressive symptoms and metabolic control in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a cross-sectional study].
Alpha-glucosidase inhibitors for prevention or delay of type 2 diabetes mellitus and its associated complications in people at increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Meta-analysis of bariatric surgery versus non-surgical treatment for type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Analysis of correlation between the mild cognitive impairment (MCI) and level of adiponectin in elderly patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM).
Genetic Variants of the Receptor for Advanced Glycation End-products in Susceptibility to Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in Primary Hypertensive Patients.
Hypoglycemia, chronic kidney disease, and diabetes mellitus.
Should diabetic ketosis without acidosis be included in ketosis-prone type 2 diabetes mellitus?
Dental Implant Survival and Complication Rate over 2 Years for Individuals with Poorly Controlled Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Assessment of clinical pharmacist interventions in drug therapy in patients with diabetes mellitus in a tertiary care teaching hospital.
High diabetes mellitus prevalence with increasing trend among newly-diagnosed tuberculosis patients in an Asian population: A nationwide population-based study.
Selenium Levels in Community Dwellers with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Higher levels of s-RANKL and osteoprotegerin in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus may indicate increased osteoclast signaling and predisposition to lower bone mass: a multivariate cross-sectional analysis.
Long-term safety of once-daily lixisenatide in Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: GetGoal-Mono-Japan.
Ascending and descending thoracic aorta calcification in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Influence of the intervention of exercise on obese type II diabetes mellitus: A meta-analysis.
Five-Year Effectiveness of the Multidisciplinary Risk Assessment and Management Programme-Diabetes Mellitus (RAMP-DM) on Diabetes-Related Complications and Health Service Uses-A Population-Based and Propensity-Matched Cohort Study.
Canagliflozin as an Initial Therapy in Drug-Naïve Subjects with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Potential Involvement of Atherogenic Lipids in its Glycemic Efficacy.
Remission of congenital diabetes insipidus after eight years.
Excess mortality related to circulatory system diseases and diabetes mellitus among Italian AIDS patients vs. non-AIDS population: a population-based cohort study using the multiple causes-of-death approach.
Risk of new-onset diabetes mellitus during treatment with low-dose statins in Japan: A retrospective cohort study.
Chronic Kidney Disease and Associated Risk Factors Assessment among Diabetes Mellitus Patients at A Tertiary Hospital, Northwest Ethiopia.
Comparison of therapeutic characteristics of islet cell transplantation simultaneous with pancreatic mesenchymal stem cell transplantation in rats with Type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Photobiomodulation improved stereological parameters and sperm analysis factors in streptozotocin-induced type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Evaluation of the internal and external responsiveness of Short Form-12 Health Survey version 2 (SF-12v2) in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Quantitative evaluation of early retinal changes in children with type 1 diabetes mellitus without retinopathy.
Positive association between serum uric acid and bone mineral density in Chinese type 2 diabetes mellitus stratified by gender and BMI.
Diabetes mellitus and the risk of total knee replacement among Chinese in Singapore, the Singapore Chinese Health Study.
Diabetes incidence and influencing factors in women with and without gestational diabetes mellitus: A 15year population-based follow-up cohort study.
Diabetes mellitus with obesity is a predictor of recurrence in patients with non-metastatic renal cell carcinoma.
Development of type 2 diabetes mellitus after gestational diabetes in a cohort in KSA: Prevalence and risk factors.
Steroid-induced diabetes mellitus in systemic lupus erythematosus patients: analysis from a Malaysian multi-ethnic lupus cohort.
COST-EFFECTIVENESS OF STRUCTURED EDUCATION IN CHILDREN WITH TYPE-1 DIABETES MELLITUS.
Frequency and Predictors of Erectile Dysfunction in Bangladeshi Men with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: Experience from a Tertiary Center.
Associations of Diabetic Retinopathy with Retinal Neurodegeneration on the Background of Diabetes Mellitus. Overview of Recent Medical Studies with an Assessment of the Impact on Healthcare systems.
Osteoarthritis and type 2 diabetes mellitus: What are the links?
Rare types of diabetes mellitus.
The impact of pharmacist-led medication therapy management on medication adherence in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a randomized controlled study.
Age-Adjusted Glycated Albumin at Diagnosis is more Correlated with the Product of Age and Plasma Glucose than Plasma Glucose Alone in Patients with Neonatal Diabetes Mellitus.
The effectiveness of an emotion-focused educational programme in reducing diabetes distress in adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus at 12-month follow-up: a cluster randomized controlled trial.
[Clinical features and management of 205 adults with type 1 diabetes mellitus].
Unmasking of poorly controlled diabetes mellitus by pulmonary nocardiosis.
Relationship of Neutrophil-to-Lymphocyte Ratio with Aortic Stiffness in Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus.
Fasting and post-prandial plasma glucose screening for gestational diabetes mellitus.
Do free thyroxine levels influence the relationship between maternal serum ferritin and gestational diabetes mellitus in early pregnancy?
Healthcare interventions for the prevention and control of gestational diabetes mellitus in China: a scoping review.
Effect of low-dose spironolactone on resistant hypertension in type 2 diabetes mellitus: a randomized controlled trial in a sub-Saharan African population.
Frequency and Predisposing Factors for Drug-Induced Hypoglycemia in Patients with Type-2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Prevalence and clinical profile of diabetes mellitus in productive aged urban Indonesians.
Treatment of periodontal disease for glycaemic control in people with diabetes mellitus.
Comorbidity Burden and Health Services Use in Community-Living Older Adults with Diabetes Mellitus: A Retrospective Cohort Study.
Approaches to improve the predictive value of laser Doppler flowmetry in detection of microcirculation disorders in diabetes mellitus.
Right heart mechanics in untreated normotensive patients with prediabetes and type 2 diabetes mellitus: a two- and three-dimensional echocardiographic study.
[Structural changes of the neuronal and stromal components of the n. tibialis in the case of diabetes mellitus].
The efficacy and safety of canagliflozin across racial groups in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Study on Serum Magnesium, Fasting Serum Glucose, Serum Glucose 2 Hours after Meal in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Patients.
Diabetes insipidus in a young child.
Longitudinal Changes of Body Composition Phenotypes and Their Association with Incident Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus during a 5-Year Follow-up in Koreans.
The mRNA expression levels of uncoupling proteins 1 and 2 in mononuclear cells from patients with metabolic disorders: obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
[Association of alcohol use and incidence of type 2 diabetes mellitus in the middle-aged and elderly male population: a prospective cohort study].
Impact of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus on Survival in Head and Neck Squamous Cell Carcinoma.
Prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus based on various screening strategies in western Kenya: a prospective comparison of point of care diagnostic methods.
Shoulder limited joint mobility in people with diabetes mellitus.
Comparison of brachial artery flow-mediated dilation in youth with type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Development of diabetes mellitus associated with quetiapine: A case series.
Diabetes mellitus among tuberculosis patients: a cross sectional study from Pakistan.
Differences between patient and physician opinions on adherence to medication for hypertension and diabetes mellitus.
Gestational diabetes mellitus in an Iranian pregnant population using IADPSG criteria: Incidence, contributing factors and outcomes.
Association of GA/HbA1c ratio and cognitive impairment in subjects with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Focus group study to identify the central facets of fear of hypoglycaemia in people with Type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Effect of Yeonryeonggobon-dan (YRGBD), an herbal complex, on glycemic control in patients with Type 2 diabetes mellitus: a case series.
Antimicrobial resistance in women with urinary tract infection in primary care: No relation with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
A prospective evaluation of posterior capsule opacification in eyes with diabetes mellitus: a case-control study.
Outcomes of vacuum-assisted vaginal deliveries of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus.
Low prevalence of exocrine pancreatic insufficiency in patients with diabetes mellitus.
Effects of diabetes mellitus and Metformin administration on prostate cancer detection at biopsy among Chinese men: a case-control study.
Association between diabetes mellitus and active tuberculosis: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
The Diagnostic Value of Whole Blood lncRNA ENST00000550337.1 for Pre-Diabetes and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Impact of empagliflozin on blood pressure in dipper and non-dipper patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus and hypertension.
Efficacy and safety of saxagliptin compared with acarbose in Chinese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus uncontrolled on metformin monotherapy: Results of a Phase IV open-label randomized controlled study (the SMART study).
Immune cell and cytokine patterns in children with type 1 diabetes mellitus undergoing a remission phase: A longitudinal study.
Association between obesity indices and type 2 diabetes mellitus among middle-aged and elderly people in Jinan, China: a cross-sectional study.
Consumption of extra-virgin olive oil rich in phenolic compounds improves metabolic control in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a possible involvement of reduced levels of circulating visfatin.
Treating Disease Mechanisms in Patients With Heart Failure and Diabetes Mellitus.
The How-To for Type 2: An Overview of Diagnosis and Management of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
C-Peptide Level in Fasting Plasma and Pooled Urine Predicts HbA1c after Hospitalization in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Bioinformatics analysis of microRNAs related to blood stasis syndrome in diabetes mellitus patients.
Urban-rural differences in the prevalence of diabetes mellitus among 25-74 year-old adults of the Yangon Region, Myanmar: two cross-sectional studies.
Population Pharmacokinetic- Pharmacodynamic Analysis to Characterize the Effect of Empagliflozin on Renal Glucose Threshold in Patients With Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus.
SGLT2 inhibitors: the future for treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus and other chronic diseases.
Current status of G-protein coupled receptors as potential targets against type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Frailty risk in hospitalised older adults with and without diabetes mellitus.
Determinants of gestational diabetes mellitus: a case-control study.
[THE ROLE OF MARKER FIBROSIS ST2 AND ANGIOTENZINOGEN GENE POLYMORPHISM IN HEART FAILURE PROGRESSING IN PATIENTS WITH TYPE 2 DIABETES MELLITUS].
Effect of Ramadan fasting on incidence of cerebrovascular stroke in Egyptian patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Evaluating the Cost of Bringing People with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus to Multiple Targets of Treatment in Canada.
Modern approaches to management of cardiovascular risk factors at patients with diabetes mellitus type 2.
Prescription of DPP-4 Inhibitors to Patients With Adult Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Creatinine Clearance >50 mL/min: The UK Primary Care Experience.
Metformin and risk of developing nasopharyngeal cancer in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Association between insulin receptor substrate-1 polymorphisms and high platelet reactivity with clopidogrel therapy in coronary artery disease patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
An infant with diabetes mellitus: Is it always T1DM?
Prevalence of type 2 diabetes mellitus complications among palestinians with T2DM.
Population-representative analysis of dietary supplementation among Americans with diabetes mellitus.
Zinc supplementation for the prevention of type 2 diabetes mellitus in adults with insulin resistance.
Low levels of ApoA1 improve risk prediction of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Correlation Between Advanced Glycation End-Products, Lower Urinary Tract Symptoms and Bladder Dysfunctions in Patients with type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Neonatal outcomes according to different therapies for gestational diabetes mellitus.
Effect of diabetes mellitus on the recovery of changes in renal functions and glomerular permeability following reversible 24-hour unilateral ureteral obstruction.
Associations of diabetes mellitus with orthopaedic infections.
Effect of diabetes mellitus on risk of latent TB infection in a high TB incidence area: a community-based study in Taiwan.
Diabetes Mellitus and Obesity as Risk Factors for Pancreatic Cancer.
Evaluation of patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus receiving treatment during the pre-diabetes period: Is early treatment associated with improved outcomes?
The rate of progression of type 2 diabetes mellitus to end stage renal disease - A single centred retrospective study from Malaysia.
A proinflammatory CD4<sup>+</sup> T cell phenotype in gestational diabetes mellitus.
Nilotinib enhances β-islets integrity and secretory functions in a rat model of STZ-induced diabetes mellitus.
Acute myeloid leukemia and diabetes insipidus with monosomy 7.
Cognitive function in patients with diabetes mellitus: guidance for daily care.
CD19+IgM+ cells demonstrate enhanced therapeutic efficacy in type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Brain structural changes and their correlation with vascular disease in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients: a voxel-based morphometric study.
Development and Efficacy of an Electronic, Culturally Adapted Lifestyle Counseling Tool for Improving Diabetes-Related Dietary Knowledge: Randomized Controlled Trial Among Ethnic Minority Adults With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Common autoimmune biomarkers, thyroid hormonal abnormalities, and beta cells dysfunction in patients with latent autoimmune diabetes in adults with type II diabetes mellitus.
Comprehensive assessment of variables affecting metabolic control in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus in Jordan.
Indicators of socio-economic status and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus in pregnant women in urban Tianjin, China.
Risk of Diabetes Mellitus Among Medicaid Beneficiaries in Hawaii.
Diabetes mellitus and pre-diabetes are frequently undiagnosed and underreported in patients referred for pancreatic surgery. A prospective observational study.
Effect of vitamin K2 on type 2 diabetes mellitus: A review.
[Histiocytosis, central diabetes insipidus, and pregnancy].
Weight loss before a diagnosis of type 2 diabetes mellitus is a risk factor for diabetes complications.
Nutrition Therapy in Managing Pregnant Women With Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Literature Review.
Illness perceptions among patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A cross-sectional study.
A Negative Correlation Between Blood Glucose and Acetone Measured in Healthy and Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus Patient Breath.
Use of healthcare resources and costs associated to the start of treatment with injectable drugs in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Telomere attrition and diabetes mellitus.
Coronary Plaque Characteristics in Patients With Diabetes Mellitus Who Presented With Acute Coronary Syndromes.
An Analysis of The Morbidity and Mortality of Diabetes Mellitus in a Forensic Context.
Genetic and epigenetic mechanisms underlying arsenic-associated diabetes mellitus: a perspective of the current evidence.
Association between neurosyphilis and diabetes mellitus: resurgence of an old problem.
Hypothalamic obesity complicated by adipsic central diabetes insipidus following surgical resection of a craniopharyngioma.
Risk factors for gestational diabetes mellitus among women screened with the two-step and one-step methods: A before-and-after study.
CPAP in patients with obstructive sleep apnea and type 2 diabetes mellitus: Systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diabetes mellitus and insulin resistance in mothers, fathers, sisters, and brothers of women with polycystic ovary syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Contribution of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus to Subclinical Atherosclerosis in Subjects with Morbid Obesity.
Identification of unsuspected Wolfram syndrome cases through clinical assessment and WFS1 gene screening in type 1 diabetes mellitus patients.
Correlation Between Maternal and Fetal Insulin Resistance in Pregnant Women with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.
Temporal trends and factors associated with diabetes mellitus among patients hospitalized with heart failure: Findings from Get With The Guidelines-Heart Failure registry.
Healthful Dietary Patterns and the Risk of Hypertension Among Women With a History of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Prospective Cohort Study.
Spectrum of Eye Disease in Diabetes (SPEED) in India: A prospective facility-based study. Report # 3. Retinal vascular occlusion in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Plasma Zonulin Levels as a Non-Invasive Biomarker of Intestinal Permeability in Women with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.
Interactions among insulin resistance, inflammation factors, obesity-related gene polymorphisms, environmental risk factors, and diet in the development of gestational diabetes mellitus.
Sodium-glucose co-transporter-2 inhibitors as add-on therapy to insulin for type 1 diabetes mellitus: Systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Validity of the 6-minute walk test and step test for evaluation of cardio respiratory fitness in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Prevalence of pre-diabetes and type 2 diabetes mellitus among Sami and non-Sami men and women in Northern Norway - The SAMINOR 2 Clinical Survey.
The GlucoCoper - An Exploratory Study to Assess Coping Mechanisms of Women Diagnosed with Diabetes Mellitus.
Temporal Trends in the Prevalence of Diabetes Decompensation (Diabetic Ketoacidosis and Hyperosmolar Hyperglycemic State) Among Adult Patients Hospitalized with Diabetes Mellitus: A Nationwide Analysis Stratified by Age, Gender, and Race.
Thiamine Responsive Megaloblastic Anaemia, Diabetes Mellitus and Sensorineural Hearing Loss in a Child.
Hypoglycaemia in patients with diabetes mellitus and renal impairment.
Diabetes Mellitus: Screening and Diagnosis.
In This Issue of <i>Diabetes</i>.
Carnosinase, diabetes mellitus and the potential relevance of carnosinase deficiency.
Design and rationale of the IN CONTROL trial: the effects of real-time continuous glucose monitoring on glycemia and quality of life in patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus and impaired awareness of hypoglycemia.
A case of aquaporin 2 R85X mutation in a boy with congenital nephrogenic diabetes insipidus.
Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Cancer: The Role of Pharmacotherapy.
Risk factors for sudden death and cardiac arrest at the onset of fulminant type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Diabetes mellitus: a risk factor for ischemic stroke in a large biracial population.
Classification Rule for 5-year Cardiovascular Diseases Risk using decision tree in Primary Care Chinese Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Fetal overgrowth in women with type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Biochemical Gas Sensors (Biosniffers) Using Forward and Reverse Reactions of Secondary Alcohol Dehydrogenase for Breath Isopropanol and Acetone as Potential Volatile Biomarkers of Diabetes Mellitus.
Importance of screening with oral glucose tolerance test for early diagnosis of cystic fibrosis-related diabetes mellitus.
The Case | Cystic renal disease, nephrogenic diabetes insipidus, and polycytemia.
Serum Brain-Derived Neurotrophic Factor is Related to Platelet Reactivity and Metformin Treatment in Adult Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
[Case report; A case of familial neurohypophyseal diabetes insipidus revealed after an operation for esophageal achalasia].
Preferential recognition of advanced glycation end products by serum antibodies and low-grade systemic inflammation in diabetes mellitus and its complications.
MICROBIOLOGICAL AND IMMUNOLOGICAL ASSESSMENT OF A COMPLEX OF THERAPEUTIC-PREVENTIVE MEASURES FOR CHRONIC CATARRHAL GINGIVITIS IN CHILDREN WITH DIABETES MELLITUS.
Analysis of type 2 diabetes mellitus and arterial hypertension content in exercise physiology textbooks.
Familial GATA6 mutation causing variably expressed diabetes mellitus and cardiac and renal abnormalities.
Does bilirubin protect against developing diabetes mellitus?
Relaxation of porcine retinal arterioles exposed to hypercholesterolemia in vivo is modified by hepatic LDL-receptor deficiency and diabetes mellitus.
A role of Ficus species in the management of diabetes mellitus: A review.
Influence of diabetes mellitus on immunity to human tuberculosis.
Cardiovascular Risk in Diabetes Mellitus: Complication of the Disease or of Antihyperglycemic Medications.
Diabetes cataract in a 10-year-old girl with new-onset type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Evaluation of Martin's equation for LDL-C estimation in type 2 diabetes mellitus Egyptian patients.
[Lifestyle of elderly patients with diabetes mellitus].
Type 2 diabetes mellitus and Invokana: an FDA approved drug.
Effects of the photobiomodulation using different energy densities on the periodontal tissues under orthodontic force in rats with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
First 2 cases with thiamine-responsive megaloblastic anemia in the Czech Republic, a rare form of monogenic diabetes mellitus: a novel mutation in the thiamine transporter SLC19A2 gene-intron 1 mutation c.204+2T>G.
Influence of Time of Yoga Practice and Gender Differences on Blood Glucose Levels in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Normal Healthy Adults.
Growth Trajectory in Children with Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus: The Impact of Insulin Treatment and Metabolic Control.
Coronary artery bypass grafting versus percutaneous coronary intervention in patients with noninsulin treated type 2 diabetes mellitus: A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Persistence With Oral Antihyperglycemic Drugs in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Patients With Dementia in Germany.
Mechanisms through which diabetes mellitus influences renal cell carcinoma development and treatment: A review of the literature.
Dapagliflozin improves treatment satisfaction in overweight patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a patient reported outcome study (PRO study).
Chronic Invasive Pulmonary Aspergillosis in Two Cats with Diabetes Mellitus.
Improving the informational continuity of care in diabetes mellitus treatment with a nationwide Shared EHR system: Estimates from Austrian claims data.
Insulin therapy in neonatal diabetes mellitus: a review of the literature.
Diabetes mellitus prevalence in tuberculosis patients and the background population in Guinea-Bissau: a disease burden study from the capital Bissau.
Faster Insulin Aspart: A New Bolus Option for Diabetes Mellitus.
Identification of two novel aquaporin-2 mutations in a Thai girl with congenital nephrogenic diabetes insipidus.
DETERMINING THE EFFECT OF DIABETES DURATION ON RETINAL AND CHOROIDAL THICKNESSES IN CHILDREN WITH TYPE 1 DIABETES MELLITUS.
Accuracy of Continuous Glucose Monitoring (CGM) during Continuous and High-Intensity Interval Exercise in Patients with Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus.
Impact of lifestyle interventions on depressive symptoms in individuals at-risk of, or with, type 2 diabetes mellitus: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Glycaemic outcomes of an Individualized treatMent aPproach for oldER vulnerable patIents: A randomized, controlled stUdy in type 2 diabetes Mellitus (IMPERIUM).
Comparison of serum Neuregulin 4 (Nrg4) levels in adults with newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes mellitus and controls without diabetes.
Urodynamic analysis of the impact of diabetes mellitus on bladder function.
[THE INFLUENCE OF ADIPONECTIN AND LEPTIN LEVELS ON MYOCARDIAL REMODELING IN PATIENTS WITH TYPE 2 DIABETES MELLITUS AND GOUT].
Drug Discovery and Development of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: Modern-Integrative Medicinal Approach.
[ROLE OF C-REACTIVE PROTEIN AND TUMOR NECROSIS FACTOR-α IN IMMUNOREGULATION SYSTEM IN PATIENTS WITH CONCOMITANT COURSE OF CHRONIC PANCREATITIS AND TYPE 2 DIABETES MELLITUS].
Exercise to preserve β-cell function in recent-onset Type 1 diabetes mellitus (EXTOD) - a randomized controlled pilot trial.
The treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus in patients with chronic kidney disease: What to expect from new oral hypoglycemic agents.
Advanced complicated diabetes mellitus is associated with a reduced risk of thoracic and abdominal aortic aneurysm rupture: a population-based cohort study.
Serum Glycated Albumin to Guide the Diagnosis of Diabetes Mellitus.
QTc interval predicts outcome of catheter ablation in paroxysmal atrial fibrillation patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Endocrine effects of duodenal-jejunal exclusion in obese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Delayed heart rate recovery after exercise as a risk factor of incident type 2 diabetes mellitus after adjusting for glycometabolic parameters in men.
Effects of Dipeptidyl Peptidase 4 Inhibitors and Sodium-Glucose Linked coTransporter-2 Inhibitors on cardiovascular events in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A meta-analysis.
Angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors and angiotensin II receptor blockers reduced dementia risk in patients with diabetes mellitus and hypertension.
Glycated hemoglobin A1c as a screening test for detecting type 2 diabetes mellitus in obese children and adolescents.
Prevalence and correlates of diabetes mellitus in Malawi: population-based national NCD STEPS survey.
Diabetes Mellitus as a Risk-factor for Colorectal Cancer Literature Review - Current Situation and Future Perspectives.
[Poor awareness among health care professionals about gender differences in the relationship between type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease].
Association between polymorphism rs2032487 in the non-muscle myosin heavy chain IIA gene (MHY9) and chronic kidney disease secondary to type 2 diabetes mellitus in a population of the Canary Islands.
Genetic polymorphisms of organic cation transporters 1 (OCT1) and responses to metformin therapy in individuals with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a systematic review protocol.
Proteomics of the Rat Myocardium during Development of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Reveals Progressive Alterations in Major Metabolic Pathways.
Non-diabetic renal disease in Croatian patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Role of Serotonin Transporter in Antidepressant-Induced Diabetes Mellitus: A Pharmacoepidemiological-Pharmacodynamic Study in VigiBase<sup>®</sup>.
The prevalence of renal artery stenosis among patients with diabetes mellitus.
[Deep venous thrombosis in a child with hypernatremia secondary to diabetes insipidus].
Quality and Cost of Diabetes Mellitus Care in Community Health Centers in the United States.
Rates of Deintensification of Blood Pressure and Glycemic Medication Treatment Based on Levels of Control and Life Expectancy in Older Patients With Diabetes Mellitus.
Gout Is a Chronic Inflammatory Disease in Which High Levels of Interleukin-8 (CXCL8), Myeloid-Related Protein 8/Myeloid-Related Protein 14 Complex, and an Altered Proteome Are Associated With Diabetes Mellitus and Cardiovascular Disease.
Serum leptin levels in obese women with and without type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Does diabetes mellitus have an impact on the prognosis for patients with cervical cancer?
Predicting risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus in Korean adults aged 40-69 by integrating clinical and genetic factors.
Quality of life of Latin-American individuals with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A systematic review.
Screening for gestational diabetes mellitus: a Caribbean perspective.
Results of the Adequacy of glycemiC Control in pAtients with type 2 Diabetes mEllitus treated with Metformin monotherapY at the maximal-tolerated dose (ACCADEMY) study.
Impact of an educational DVD on anxiety and glycaemic control in women diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM): A randomised controlled trial.
T cell immunoglobulin and mucin domain-containing molecule 3 on CD14<sup>+</sup> monocytes serves as a novel biological marker for diabetes duration in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Frailty, Health-Related Quality of Life, Cognition, Depression, Vitamin D and Health-Care Utilization in an Ambulatory Adult Population With Type 1 or Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Chronic Kidney Disease: A Cross-Sectional Analysis.
MicroRNAs and Cardiovascular Disease in Diabetes Mellitus.
Women with Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus: Effect of Disease and Psychosocial-Related Correlates on Health-Related Quality of Life.
Excess Hospitalization Expenses Attributable to Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in Singapore.
The cost-effectiveness of dulaglutide versus insulin glargine for the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus in Japan.
Analysis of Chlorination, Nitration, and Nitrosylation of Tyrosine and Oxidation of Methionine and Cysteine in Hemoglobin from Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Patients by Nanoflow Liquid Chromatography Tandem Mass Spectrometry.
Incremental effects of diabetes mellitus and chronic kidney disease in medial arterial calcification: Synergistic pathways for peripheral artery disease progression.
Diagnostic value of carotid artery ultrasound and hypersensitive C-reactive protein in Type 2 diabetes mellitus patients with acute myocardial infarction in Chinese population.
Diabetes Mellitus and Cardiovascular Disease: An Evidence-Based Review of Provincial Formulary Coverage.
The Role of Oestrogen Receptor Beta (ERβ) in the Aetiology and Treatment of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Association between Triglyceride to HDL-C Ratio (TG/HDL-C) and Insulin Resistance in Chinese Patients with Newly Diagnosed Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
The association of inflammatory markers and periodontal indexes with the risk of coronary heart disease in Chinese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Prescription Patterns and Disease Control in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Patients in Nursing Home and Home Care Settings: A Retrospective Analysis in Germany.
Quadrant Analysis of Quantitative Computed Tomography Scans of the Femoral Neck Reveals Superior Region-Specific Weakness in Young and Middle-Aged Men With Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus.
Association between glycemic state and pulmonary function and effect of walking as a protective factor in subjects with diabetes mellitus.
Gestational diabetes mellitus and macrosomia predispose to diabetes in the Lebanese population.
A case of nivolumab-induced acute-onset type 1 diabetes mellitus in melanoma.
Empagliflozin reduces blood pressure and uric acid in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diabetes insipidus following overdose of baclofen and quetiapine.
Heterogeneity in the aetiology of diabetes mellitus in young adults: A prospective study from north India.
Analysis of global gene expression profiles suggests a role of acute inflammation in type 3C diabetes mellitus caused by pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma.
Visceral Adiposity Index Is Associated with Pre-Diabetes and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in Chinese Adults Aged 20-50.
Steroid-free immunosuppression with low-dose tacrolimus is safe and significantly reduces the incidence of new-onset diabetes mellitus following liver transplantation.
Body mass index and heart failure among patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Molecular Biomarkers for Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.
Survival time and prognostic factors in cats with newly diagnosed diabetes mellitus: 114 cases (2000-2009).
Xenograft of microencapsulated Sertoli cells restores glucose homeostasis in db/db mice with spontaneous diabetes mellitus.
Treatment Pattern and Factors Associated with Blood Pressure and Fasting Plasma Glucose Control among Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in Police Referral Hospital in Ethiopia.
Exercise training modalities in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Proresolving protein Annexin A1: The role in type 2 diabetes mellitus and obesity.
Momordica charantia Administration Improves Insulin Secretion in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Prevalence of type 2 diabetes mellitus among patients with hidradenitis suppurativa in the United States.
Biochemical and molecular study on interleukin-1β gene expression and relation of single nucleotide polymorphism in promoter region with Type 2 diabetes mellitus.
The effects of polycystic ovary syndrome on gestational diabetes mellitus.
Wolfram Syndrome. Case report.
Risk of new-onset diabetes mellitus in primary aldosteronism: a population study over 5 years.
Evaluation of insulin-like growth factor-1, total thyroxine, feline pancreas-specific lipase and urinary corticoid-to-creatinine ratio in cats with diabetes mellitus in Switzerland and the Netherlands.
[miRNA as a new marker of diabetes mellitus and pancreatic carcinoma progression].
Adiponectin and leptin gene polymorphisms in patients with post-transplant diabetes mellitus.
Platelet-to-lymphocyte ratio is a marker of poor prognosis in patients with diabetes mellitus and ST-elevation myocardial infarction.
Empagliflozin as Add-on Therapy to Pioglitazone With or Without Metformin in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Efficacy of metformin on glycemic control and weight in drug-naive type 2 diabetes mellitus patients: A systematic review and meta-analysis of placebo-controlled randomized trials.
Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: Using the Fasting Plasma Glucose Level to Simplify the International Association of Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups Diagnostic Algorithm in an Adult South Asian Population.
Type 1 diabetes mellitus in people with pharmacoresistant epilepsy: Prevalence and clinical characteristics.
Expression of type II hyaluronan-synthase gene in kidneys Wistar and Brattleboro rats with diabetes insipidus: effect of vasopressin and its analogues.
Diabetes insipidus and panhypopituitarism due to intrasellar metastasis from medullary thyroid cancer.
[Diagnostic Approach to Manifestation of Type 1 Diabetes mellitus].
Glycaemic control in people with type 2 diabetes mellitus during and after cancer treatment: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Impact of type 2 diabetes mellitus in hospitalizations for atrial fibrillation in Spain (2004-2013).
Hyperglycaemia in early pregnancy: the Treatment of Booking Gestational diabetes Mellitus (TOBOGM) study. A randomised controlled trial.
[CHANGES OF LIFETIME MORPHOLOGICAL PARAMETERS OF THE RETINA ON THE BACKGROUND OF CORRECTION OF LIPID METABOLISM IN PATIENTSWITH TYPE 2 DIABETES MELLITUS].
Family clustering of secondary chronic kidney disease with hypertension or diabetes mellitus. A case-control study.
Gestational diabetes mellitus screening, management and outcomes in the Cook Islands.
Associations between fruit and vegetables intake and abnormal glucose tolerance among women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus.
Diabetic Peripheral Neuropathy as a Predictor of Asymptomatic Myocardial Ischemia in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Risk of Diabetes Mellitus after First-Attack Acute Pancreatitis: A National Population-Based Study.
A Worksite Occupational Health Clinic-Based Diabetes Mellitus Management Program.
Good glycemic control of gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with the attenuation of future maternal cardiovascular risk: a retrospective cohort study.
Catechin averts experimental diabetes mellitus-induced vascular endothelial structural and functional abnormalities.
Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease predicts type 2 diabetes mellitus, but not prediabetes, in Xi'an, China: a five-year cohort study.
Comparison of the International Association of Diabetes in Pregnancy Study Group Criteria with the Old American Diabetes Association Criteria for Diagnosis of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.
Patient costs of diabetes mellitus care in public health care facilities in Kenya.
[STUDY OF THE PTPN22 GENE IN CHILDREN WITH TYPE 1 DIABETES MELLITUS IN THE AZERBAIJANI POPULATION].
The influence of type 2 diabetes mellitus on the frequency and complexity of ventricular arrhythmias and heart rate variability in patients after myocardial infarction.
Screening for Atherosclerotic Cardiovascular Disease in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: Controversies and Guidelines.
Prepregnancy habitual intake of vitamin D from diet and supplements in relation to risk of gestational diabetes mellitus: A prospective cohort study.
Evidence-based recommendations and expert consensus on enteral nutrition in the adult patient with diabetes mellitus or hyperglycemia.
Diagnosis and classification of diabetes mellitus.
Sex Differences in Cardiovascular Effectiveness of Newer Glucose-Lowering Drugs Added to Metformin in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
The use of microindentation for the study of bone properties in type 1 diabetes mellitus patients.
Evaluation of Dietary Intakes and Nutritional Knowledge in Thai Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Spatial working memory impairment in primary onset middle-age type 2 diabetes mellitus: An ethology and BOLD-fMRI study.
Relationship between Renal Doppler Indices and Biochemical indices of Renal Function in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Prognostic Value of Variability in Systolic Blood Pressure Related to Vascular Events and Premature Death in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: The ADVANCE-ON Study.
Effect of non-surgical periodontal therapy on insulin resistance in patients with type II diabetes mellitus and chronic periodontitis, as assessed by C-peptide and the Homeostasis Assessment Index.
[Surgical treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus].
Physical activity and cohabitation status moderate the link between diabetes mellitus and cognitive performance in a community-dwelling elderly population in Germany.
Relationship between alanine aminotransferase levels and type 2 diabetes mellitus in the general Chinese population.
Glucose metabolic alterations in hippocampus of diabetes mellitus rats and the regulation of aerobic exercise.
Association of HaeIII single nucleotide polymorphisms in the SLC2A1 gene with risk of diabetic nephropathy; evidence from Kurdish patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Determinants of adherence to hypoglycemic agents and medical visits in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Racial and Ethnic Differences in the Association Between Diabetes Mellitus and Dry Eye Disease.
Indicators of glycemic control in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus and pregnant women with diabetes mellitus.
Incidence of Diabetes Mellitus, Cardiovascular Diseases, and Cancer in Patients Undergoing Malabsorptive Surgery (Biliopancreatic Diversion and Biliointestinal Bypass) vs Medical Treatment.
The effect of selective serotonin re-uptake inhibitors on risk of type II diabetes mellitus and acute pancreatitis: a meta-analysis.
Prevalence of diabetes mellitus secondary to pancreatic diseases (type 3c).
Type-2 Diabetes Mellitus and Oral Tumors in Hungary: A Long-term Comparative Epidemiological Study.
2019 Clinical Practice Guidelines for Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in Korea.
Animal models of obesity and diabetes mellitus.
Drug treatment of hypertension in older patients with diabetes mellitus.
Inflammatory and related biomarkers are associated with post-transplant diabetes mellitus in kidney recipients: a retrospective study.
Identifying and Prioritizing the Barriers and Facilitators to the Self-Management of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Community-Centered Approach.
Weight control before and during pregnancy for patients with gestational diabetes mellitus.
Similar glycaemic control with less nocturnal hypoglycaemia in a 38-week trial comparing the IDegAsp co-formulation with insulin glargine U100 and insulin aspart in basal insulin-treated subjects with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Association between sodium glucose co-transporter 2 inhibitors and a reduced risk of heart failure in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a real-world nationwide population-based cohort study.
Methylation in 3' near region of GC gene and its association with the level of vitamin D binding protein and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Evolution of body mass index in children with type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Diabetes mellitus: musculoskeletal manifestations and perioperative considerations for the orthopaedic surgeon.
Presence of diabetes-specific autoimmunity in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) predicts impaired glucose regulation at follow-up.
Short-term effect of G-400, polyherbal formulation in the management of hyperglycemia and hyperlipidemia conditions in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Evaluation of electrocardiographic parameters for early diagnosis of autonomic dysfunction in children and adolescents with type-1 diabetes mellitus.
Clinical usefulness of baroreflex sensitivity test in the detection of cardiovascular autonomic neuropathy in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Biochemical isthmus [nexus] between type 2 diabetes mellitus and thyroid status-an update.
The association of body composition with the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus in Chinese pregnant women: A case-control study.
Use of First-phase Insulin Secretion in Early Diagnosis of Thyroid Diabetes and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Investigating the risk of bone fractures in elderly patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a retrospective study.
Shifts in retinal vessel diameter and oxygen saturation in Chinese type 2 diabetes mellitus patients.
Iron-Related Factors in Early Pregnancy and Subsequent Risk of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: the Ma'anshan Birth Cohort (MABC) Study.
Impact of carotid atherosclerosis detection on physician and patient behavior in the management of type 2 diabetes mellitus: a prospective, observational, multicenter study.
Continuous Glucose Monitoring Versus Self-monitoring of Blood Glucose in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Systematic Review with Meta-analysis.
The kidney and type 2 diabetes mellitus: therapeutic implications of SGLT2 inhibitors.
Supporting adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus: a qualitative study.
[Glycemic control and its associated factors in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus].
Diode Laser - A Novel Therapeutic Approach in the Treatment of Chronic Periodontitis in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Patients: A Prospective Randomized Controlled Clinical Trial.
Efficacy and safety of teneligliptin in addition to insulin therapy in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients on hemodialysis evaluated by continuous glucose monitoring.
Assessment of Knowledge of Diabetes Mellitus in the Urban Areas of Klang District, Malaysia.
Efficacy and safety of canagliflozin as add-on therapy to teneligliptin in Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: Results of a 24-week, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
[Diabetes mellitus as a prognostic marker in oropharyngeal and laryngeal squamous cell carcinoma].
One-year clinical outcome of amphilimus polymer-free drug-eluting stent in diabetes mellitus patients: Insight from the ASTUTE registry (AmphilimuS iTalian mUlticenTre rEgistry).
Response to Exercise Training and Outcomes in Patients With Heart Failure and Diabetes Mellitus: Insights From the HF-ACTION Trial.
The current total economic burden of diabetes mellitus in the Netherlands.
Publication trends of research on diabetes mellitus and T cells (1997-2016): A 20-year bibliometric study.
The mechanisms and therapeutic potential of SGLT2 inhibitors in diabetes mellitus.
[Obstructive sleep apnoea and type 2 diabetes mellitus].
Glycaemic control and cardiovascular risk factor management in patients with diabetes with and without coronary artery disease: insights from the diabetes mellitus status in Canada survey.
Prevalence, Awareness, Treatment and Control of Diabetes Mellitus-A Population Based Study in Shanghai, China.
Current management of diabetes mellitus and future directions in care.
Breastfeeding and growth during infancy among offspring of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus: a prospective cohort study.
Natural history and clinical characteristics of CKD in type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Race/ethnicity and measures of glycaemia in the year after diagnosis among youth with type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Knowledge attitude and practice regarding diabetes mellitus among Nondiabetic and diabetic study participants in Bangladesh.
Gestational diabetes mellitus: Berlin and beyond.
Integrity of central nervous function in diabetes mellitus assessed by resting state EEG frequency analysis and source localization.
Lixisenatide treatment improves glycaemic control in Asian patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus inadequately controlled on metformin with or without sulfonylurea: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, 24-week trial (GetGoal-M-Asia).
Shared medical appointments for patients with diabetes mellitus: a systematic review.
Dose- and time-dependent association of smoking and its cessation with glycemic control and insulin resistance in male patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: the Fukuoka Diabetes Registry.
Birthweight, Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus, and Cardiovascular Disease: Addressing the Barker Hypothesis With Mendelian Randomization.
Causal Impact of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus on Cerebral Small Vessel Disease: A Mendelian Randomization Analysis.
Comparative usability study of the dulaglutide single-use pen versus the insulin degludec FlexTouch<sup>®</sup> among self-injection-naïve patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus in Japan.
Hyperuricaemia and development of type 2 diabetes mellitus in Asian population.
Greater Curvature Plication with Duodenal-Jejunal Bypass: a Novel Metabolic Surgery for Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Impact of Glycemic Control and Metformin Use on the Recurrence and Progression of Non-Muscle Invasive Bladder Cancer in Patients with Diabetes Mellitus.
A cross-cultural study on perceived health-related quality of life in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Exercise improves glycaemic control in women diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus: a systematic review.
Prediction of gestational diabetes mellitus in the Born in Guangzhou Cohort Study, China.
Associations of Physical Activity and Sedentary Behaviour with Vision-Threatening Diabetic Retinopathy in Indonesian Population with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: Jogjakarta Eye Diabetic Study in the Community (JOGED.COM).
Time to onset of type 2 diabetes mellitus in Ghana.
Generation and Biological Characteristics of a Mouse Model of Breast Cancer that Copresents with Diabetes Mellitus.
Clinical features of diabetes mellitus cases complicated by Burkholderia pseudomallei septicemia.
Acquired Perforating Collagenosis in Diabetes Mellitus.
[Association of abo blood groups with gestational diabetes mellitus].
Impact of Diabetes Mellitus on Human Erythrocytes: Atomic Force Microscopy and Spectral Investigations.
The Look AHEAD Trial: Implications for Lifestyle Intervention in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Impact of maternal height and gestational diabetes mellitus on offspring birthweight.
Helicobacter Pylori Infection in Children with Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus: A Case-Control Study.
Relevance of weight in the management of patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: towards an adipocentric approach to diabetes.
Multicompartmental, multilayered probucol microcapsules for diabetes mellitus: Formulation characterization and effects on production of insulin and inflammation in a pancreatic β-cell line.
[Diabetes insipidus as an atypical presentation of lung adenocarcinoma].
First-trimester multimarker prediction of gestational diabetes mellitus using targeted mass spectrometry.
Dapagliflozin and Cardiovascular Outcomes in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Previous Myocardial Infarction.
Quality of Life and Associated Factors among Primary Care Asian Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Risk of post-transplantation diabetes mellitus is greater in South Asian versus Caucasian kidney allograft recipients.
Uncontrolled diabetes mellitus: prevalence and risk factors among people with type 2 diabetes mellitus in an Urban District of Karachi, Pakistan.
Intermittent fasting in Type 2 diabetes mellitus and the risk of hypoglycaemia: a randomized controlled trial.
[GLP-1 analogues in treatment of type 1 diabetes mellitus].
Assessment of urinary betaine as a marker of diabetes mellitus in cardiovascular patients.
[COMPARATIVE STUDY OF FUNCTIONAL ACTIVITY OF D2-DOPAMINERGIC SYSTEM IN THE HYPOTHALAMUS OF RATS WITH DIFFERENT MODELS OF DIABETES MELLITUS].
Psychiatric Disorders and Health-Related Quality of Life in Children With Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus.
Relation between BMI and diabetes mellitus and its complications among US older adults.
Diabetes mellitus risk factors in rheumatoid arthritis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The Effect of Metformin on the Expression of GPR109A, NF-κB and IL-1β in Peripheral Blood Leukocytes from Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Associations between INSR and MTOR polymorphisms in type 2 diabetes mellitus and diabetic nephropathy in a Northeast Chinese Han population.
Autophagy in the posterior interosseous nerve of patients with type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus: an ultrastructural study.
The kynurenine:tryptophan ratio as a predictor of incident type 2 diabetes mellitus in individuals with coronary artery disease.
Relationship between intracerebral hemorrhage and diabetes mellitus: a case-control study.
Incident diabetes mellitus, hypertension, and cardiovascular disease risk in exercising hypercholesterolemic patients.
Maternal and Neonatal Outcomes in Patients of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus on Metformin Therapy.
Inter-Arm Blood Pressure Difference in Diabetes Mellitus and Its Preferential Association with Peripheral Artery Disease.
Perceptions and experiences of taking oral medications for the treatment of Type 2 diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-synthesis of qualitative studies.
The association between Type 1 diabetes mellitus and periodontal diseases.
Circulating dipeptidyl peptidase-4 activity correlates with measures of hepatocyte apoptosis and fibrosis in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in type 2 diabetes mellitus and obesity: A dual cohort cross-sectional study.
Early pregnancy probiotic supplementation with Lactobacillus rhamnosus HN001 may reduce the prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus: a randomised controlled trial.
Zinc transporter 8 autoantibody (ZnT8A) could help differentiate latent autoimmune diabetes in adults (LADA) from phenotypic type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Hypertension increases urinary excretion of immunoglobulin G, ceruloplasmin and transferrin in normoalbuminuric patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
The Association between Plasma Levels of Trimethylamine N-Oxide and the Risk of Coronary Heart Disease in Chinese Patients with or without Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
miRNA Regulation of the Hyperproliferative Phenotype of Vascular Smooth Muscle Cells in Diabetes.
[Current status and influence factors of ACEI/ARB application in elderly coronary heart disease outpatients complicated with diabetes mellitus in China].
Effects of insulin therapy on porosity, non-enzymatic glycation and mechanical competence in the bone of rats with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Cultural issues and other factors that affect self-management of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (T2D) by Chinese immigrants in Australia.
Effect of type 2 diabetes mellitus on the pharmacokinetics and transplacental transfer of nifedipine in hypertensive pregnant women.
Sweet and brittle - Diabetes mellitus and the skeleton.
Oral manifestations of Diabetes Mellitus. A systematic review.
Epicardial fat thickness and severity of coronary heart disease in patients with diabetes mellitus type II.
Diabetes insipidus caused by isolated intracranial metatstases in patient with breast cancer.
Diabetes insipidus in the third trimester of pregnancy.
Difference Analysis Of Related Factors In Macrovascular And Microvascular Complications In Chinese Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Case-Control Study Protocol.
A year in type 2 diabetes mellitus: 2018 review based on the Endorama lecture.
Mortality risk factors in patients with advanced heart failure and diabetes mellitus.
Anthropometric patterns of adiposity, hypertension and diabetes mellitus in older adults of Viçosa, Brazil: A population-based study.
Associations of Undergoing a Routine Medical Examination or Not with Prevalence Rates of Hypertension and Diabetes Mellitus: A Cross-Sectional Study.
A holistic conceptual framework model to describe medication adherence in and guide interventions in diabetes mellitus.
DLBS3233, a combined bioactive fraction of Cinnamomum burmanii and Lagerstroemia speciosa, in type-2 diabetes mellitus patients inadequately controlled by metformin and other oral antidiabetic agents.
Health and quality of life outcomes impairment of quality of life in type 2 diabetes mellitus: a cross-sectional study.
The Economic Costs of Cardiovascular Disease, Diabetes Mellitus, and Associated Complications in South Asia: A Systematic Review.
Vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF)-related single nucleotide polymorphisms rs10738760 and rs6921438 are not associated with diabetic retinopathy (DR) in Slovenian patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM).
Relationship between plasma osteocalcin, glycaemic control and components of metabolic syndrome in adult Nigerians with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Relationship of Soluble RAGE with Insulin Resistance and Beta Cell Function during Development of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Long-term insulin glargine therapy in type 2 diabetes mellitus: a focus on cardiovascular outcomes.
Diabetes Mellitus Impairs Cognitive Function in Middle-Aged Rats and Neurological Recovery in Middle-Aged Rats After Stroke.
The long-term treatment of a patient with type 1 diabetes mellitus and glutaric aciduria type 1: the effect of insulin.
An update on sodium-glucose co-transporter-2 inhibitors for the treatment of diabetes mellitus.
Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Kidney Cancer Risk: A Retrospective Cohort Analysis of the National Health Insurance.
Effect of Diabetes Mellitus on Adipocyte-Derived Stem Cells in Rat.
Heart failure, saxagliptin, and diabetes mellitus: observations from the SAVOR-TIMI 53 randomized trial.
Effects of the once-weekly glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonist dulaglutide on ambulatory blood pressure and heart rate in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Lactation intensity and fasting plasma lipids, lipoproteins, non-esterified free fatty acids, leptin and adiponectin in postpartum women with recent gestational diabetes mellitus: the SWIFT cohort.
Twin pregnancy among women with pregestational type 1 or type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Evaluating the effects of mobile health intervention on weight management, glycemic control and pregnancy outcomes in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus.
Frequency of depression in type 2 diabetes mellitus and an analysis of predictive factors.
Early and localized retinal dysfunction in patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus studied by multifocal electroretinogram.
Serum chemerin level during the first trimester of pregnancy and the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus.
Type 2 diabetes mellitus coincident with pulmonary or latent tuberculosis results in modulation of adipocytokines.
Earlier Age of Onset of Chronic Hypertension and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus After a Hypertensive Disorder of Pregnancy or Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.
The association of ideal cardiovascular health with incident type 2 diabetes mellitus: the Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis.
Psychological interventions for diabetes-related distress in adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Lifestyle Factors and Gender-Specific Risk of Stroke in Adults with Diabetes Mellitus: A Case-Control Study.
Characterization of D150E and G196D aquaporin-2 mutations responsible for nephrogenic diabetes insipidus: importance of a mild phenotype.
Wegener's granulomatosis complicated by central diabetes insipidus and peripheral neutrophy with normal pituitary in a patient.
Morphological and cytological changes of meibomian glands in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Effects of metformin treatment on blood leptin and ghrelin levels in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
[Control of type 2 diabetes mellitus in Spain today: identification of the main obstacles in daily clinical practice].
[Risk of developing diabetes mellitus in primary care health users: a cross-sectional study].
Clinical evolution of post-transplant diabetes mellitus.
The effect of sitagliptin on obese patients with insulin treatment-induced diabetes mellitus.
Relationship between combination antiretroviral therapy regimens and diabetes mellitus-related comorbidities among HIV patients in Gaborone Botswana.
Comparative effects of low-dose versus standard-dose alteplase in ischemic patients with prior stroke and/or diabetes mellitus: The ENCHANTED trial.
Effect of niacin on high-density lipoprotein apolipoprotein A-I kinetics in statin-treated patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Factors associated with glycemic control among adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a cross-sectional survey in Ethiopia.
Incremental prognostic value of global longitudinal strain in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Glycemic control of type 2 diabetes mellitus across stages of renal impairment: information for primary care providers.
The associations of metabolic syndrome with incident hypertension, type 2 diabetes mellitus and chronic kidney disease: a cohort study.
The risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus according to the categories of body mass index: the Korean Genome and Epidemiology Study (KoGES).
Interrelationship between diabetes mellitus and heart failure: the role of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors in left ventricle performance.
The Effects of Diabetes Mellitus on the Corneal Endothelium: A Review.
A New Method to Assess Asymmetry in Fingerprints Could Be Used as an Early Indicator of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
A novel glucose-Pin1-eNOS-NO signaling axis links diabetes mellitus with cardiovascular diseases.
Evidence of chronic kidney disease in veterans with incident diabetes mellitus.
Blink reflex in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Roles of microRNA-124a and microRNA-30d in breast cancer patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Chemokine gene polymorphisms association with increased risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus in Tatar ethnic group, Russia.
Comparison of Outcomes and Prognosis of Patients With Versus Without Newly Diagnosed Diabetes Mellitus After Primary Percutaneous Coronary Intervention for ST-Elevation Myocardial Infarction (the HORIZONS-AMI Study).
Pharmacogenetics of posttransplant diabetes mellitus.
Impact of the «Conversation Map™» tools on understanding of diabetes by Spanish patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a randomized, comparative study.
Further characterization of diabetes mellitus and body weight loss in males of the congenic mouse strain DDD.Cg-A(y.).
Oxidative stress-related mechanisms affecting response to aspirin in diabetes mellitus.
Effects of combined therapy with glipizide and Aralia root bark extract on glycemic control and lipid profiles in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Assessment of drug related problems among type 2 diabetes mellitus patients with hypertension in Hiwot Fana Specialized University Hospital, Harar, Eastern Ethiopia.
Prevalence, predictors and challenges of gestational diabetes mellitus screening among pregnant women in northern Tanzania.
A Novel Early Pregnancy Risk Prediction Model for Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.
T-cell receptor repertoire variation may be associated with type 2 diabetes mellitus in humans.
Hyperglycemia is associated with simultaneous alterations in electrical brain activity in youths with type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Use of sodium-glucose co-transporter-2 inhibitors in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus and multiple cardiovascular risk factors: An Asian perspective and expert recommendations.
The peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor alpha agonist fenofibrate has no effect on insulin sensitivity compared to atorvastatin in type 2 diabetes mellitus; a randomised, double-blind controlled trial.
Diastolic function deterioration in type 2 diabetes mellitus: predictive factors over a 3-year follow-up.
Effects of visit-to-visit variability in systolic blood pressure on macrovascular and microvascular complications in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: the ADVANCE trial.
Biological Pathways Leading From ANGPTL8 to Diabetes Mellitus-A Co-expression Network Based Analysis.
Exposing the Causal Effect of C-Reactive Protein on the Risk of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Mendelian Randomization Study.
Usability testing of existing type 2 diabetes mellitus websites.
Prevalence of Sensory Neuropathy in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Its Correlation with Duration of Disease.
The Effect of 600 mg Alpha-lipoic Acid Supplementation on Oxidative Stress, Inflammation, and RAGE in Older Adults with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Permanent neonatal diabetes mellitus due to an ABCC8 mutation: a case report.
Pulmonary capillary permeability and pulmonary microangiopathy in diabetes mellitus.
Lp-PLA<sub>2</sub> Selective Inhibitor (Darapladib) Effect In Lowering The Expression Level Of IL-1B And IL-6 In The Renal At Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Interaction of the diabetes mellitus and cardiac diseases on survival outcomes in out-of-hospital cardiac arrest.
Overweight and underweight are risk factors for vertebral fractures in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Effect of ascorbic acid and alpha-tocopherol supplementations on serum leptin, tumor necrosis factor alpha, and serum amyloid A levels in individuals with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Development and validation of an educational program to enhance sense of coherence in patients with diabetes mellitus type 2.
The Health Economic Value of Changes in Glycaemic Control, Weight and Rates of Hypoglycaemia in Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus.
Retinal vascular imaging technology to monitor disease severity and complications in type 1 diabetes mellitus: A systematic review.
Type 2 diabetes mellitus in children and adolescents.
Validation of the Survival Benefits of Metformin in Middle Eastern Patients With Type II Diabetes Mellitus and Colorectal Cancer.
GC-MS based Gestational Diabetes Mellitus longitudinal study: Identification of 2-and 3-hydroxybutyrate as potential prognostic biomarkers.
Circadian dysrhythmia-linked diabetes mellitus: Examining melatonin's roles in prophylaxis and management.
Detecting and Managing Diabetes Mellitus and Prediabetes in Patients With Acute Stroke.
Diabetic Neuropathy Prevalence and Its Associated Risk Factors in Two Representative Groups of Type 1 and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Patients from Bihor County.
Metabolomics-Based Prospective Studies and Prediction of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Risks.
The Effect of High-concentration Insulin Glarigine on the Quality of Life of Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Pre-post Study (HIGH-QOL STUDY).
Short-term intensive insulin therapy in type 2 diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Assessment of knowledge and practice of community pharmacy personnel on diabetes mellitus management in Kathmandu district: a cross sectional descriptive study.
Systematic review of metformin monotherapy and dual therapy with sodium glucose co-transporter 2 inhibitor (SGLT-2) in treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Impact of birth weight on adult-onset diabetes mellitus in relation to current body mass index: The Japan Nurses' Health Study.
Nodes of Ranvier in skin biopsies of patients with diabetes mellitus.
New-onset Diabetes Mellitus Following Successful Kidney Transplantation Facilitates Aortic Stiffening.
Presence of a Synergistic Interaction Between Current Cigarette Smoking and Diabetes Mellitus on Development of Dementia in Older Adults.
Quantifying the effects of diuretics and β-adrenoceptor blockers on glycaemic control in diabetes mellitus - a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Vitamin D and diabetes mellitus: an update 2013.
[Correction by vitamin D3 of disturbed metabolism in patients with diabetes mellitus types 1 and 2].
Severity of periodontal disease in adult patients with diabetes mellitus in relation to the type of diabetes.
Comparative analysis on liver transcriptome profiles of different methods to establish type 2 diabetes mellitus models in Guangxi Bama mini-pig.
The value of Continuous Glucose Monitoring and Self-Monitoring of Blood Glucose in patients with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus during Ramadan fasting.
Vitamin D and gestational diabetes mellitus: a systematic review based on data free of Hawthorne effect.
Risk of Nonfatal Stroke in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Patients: A Retrospective Comparison Between Disease Management Programs and Standard Care.
Differences in pain thresholds elicited by intraoral electrical stimuli between individuals with and without diabetes mellitus.
Association of Alcohol Drinking Patterns With Presence of Impaired Fasting Glucose and Diabetes Mellitus Among South Korean Adults.
Diabetes Mellitus and Cause-Specific Mortality: A Population-Based Study.
Qiliqiangxin Rescues Mouse Cardiac Function by Regulating AGTR1/TRPV1-Mediated Autophagy in STZ-Induced Diabetes Mellitus.
Children With Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus: Self-Management Experiences in School.
[INFLUENCE OF LIPID METABOLISM CONTROL ON THE TELOMERES RELATIVE LENGTH IN PATIENTS WITH ISOLATED HYPERTENSION AND IN COMBINATION WITH DIABETES MELLITUS TYPE 2].
Sepsis uncouples serum C-peptide and insulin levels in critically ill patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Effect of Weight Change on Economic Outcomes Among Persons with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in the United States: Beyond Glycemic Control.
Effect of Renal Impairment on the Pharmacokinetics and Pharmacodynamics of Tofogliflozin (A SELECTIVE SGLT2 Inhibitor) in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
[Protective effect of simvastatin on kidney of rats with diabetes mellitus and the possible mechanism].
Serum and salivary ferritin and Hepcidin levels in patients with chronic periodontitis and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Renal Function: A Prospective Study With 9- to 16-Year Follow-up After Pregnancy.
Association between the Hypertriglyceridemic Waist Phenotype, Prediabetes, and Diabetes Mellitus in Rural Chinese Population: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Diabetes mellitus associated cardiovascular signalling alteration: a need for the revisit.
Albuminuria and Glomerular Filtration Rate in Individuals with Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus: Contribution of Metabolic Syndrome.
Sequencing of <i>Porphyromonas gingivalis</i> from saliva in patients with periodontitis and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
How to improve opportunistic screening by using EMRs and other data. The prevalence of undetected diabetes mellitus in target population in Croatia.
Zinc Intake and Status and Risk of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: The Impact of Carbohydrate Quality in Diet.
[Adherence of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus approach: Current situation and possible solutions].
Therapeutic Potentials and Cytochrome P450-Mediated Interactions Involving Herbal Products Indicated for Diabetes Mellitus.
Hyperglycemia and Diabetes Mellitus Following Organ Transplantation.
Diagnostic Utility of Serum Glycated Albumin for Diabetes Mellitus and Its Correlation With Hyperlipidemia.
Diabetes mellitus, CYP2C19 genotype, and response to escalating doses of clopidogrel. Insights from the ELEVATE-TIMI 56 Trial.
Effect of switching basal insulin regimen to degludec on quality of life in Japanese patients with type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
[The impact of broadened diagnostic criteria on the prevalence of hypertension, hyperlipidemia and diabetes mellitus in China].
Impairment of the Ability of HDL From Patients With Metabolic Syndrome but Without Diabetes Mellitus to Activate eNOS: Correction by S1P Enrichment.
The effect of functional insulin therapy on glycaemic parameters in children with diabetes mellitus type 1.
Reoperative bariatric surgery for treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
The Effect of Omega-3 on Circulating Adiponectin in Adults With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials.
Alzheimer disease and cognitive impairment associated with diabetes mellitus type 2: associations and a hypothesis.
Beyond ulcers and osteomyelitis: imaging of less common musculoskeletal complications in diabetes mellitus.
The role of genetics and epigenetics in the pathogenesis of gestational diabetes mellitus.
Left ventricular mechanical dyssynchrony assessment in long-standing type II diabetes mellitus patients with normal gated SPECT-MPI.
Comprehensive risk management of diabetic kidney disease in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Early Corneal Cellular and Nerve Fiber Pathology in Young Patients With Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus Identified Using Corneal Confocal Microscopy.
The roles of bile acids and applications of microencapsulation technology in treating Type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Transgenic overexpression of mitofilin attenuates diabetes mellitus-associated cardiac and mitochondria dysfunction.
Targeting Mechanisms Linking COPD to Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Pharmacodynamics, pharmacokinetics and safety of multiple ascending doses of the novel dual glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide/glucagon-like peptide-1 agonist RG7697 in people with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
[Transient central diabetes insipidus during a valproic acid poisoning].
Serum asymmetric dimethylarginine and arginine levels predict microvascular and macrovascular complications in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Longitudinal association of hypertension and diabetes mellitus with cognitive functioning in a general 70-year-old population: the SONIC study.
The influence of diabetes mellitus on short-term outcomes of patients with bleeding peptic ulcers.
Effect of change in body weight on incident diabetes mellitus in patients with stable coronary artery disease treated with atorvastatin (from the treating to new targets study).
A single dose of dapagliflozin, an SGLT-2 inhibitor, induces higher glycosuria in GCK- and HNF1A-MODY than in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Insulin glargine 300 units/mL: A new basal insulin product for diabetes mellitus.
The significance of plasma adrenomedullin and calcitonin gene-related peptide concentration in patients with Type 2 diabetes mellitus who are treated for cardiovascular risk factors.
Diabetes mellitus and dementia.
Abdominal obesity validates the association between elevated alanine aminotransferase and newly diagnosed diabetes mellitus.
Impact of Diabetes Mellitus on Occupational Health Outcomes in Canada.
Renal effects of glucagon-like peptide receptor agonists in patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Association Between Diabetes Mellitus and Outcomes of Patients with Sepsis: A Meta-Analysis.
Thiazolidinediones and risk of colorectal cancer in patients with diabetes mellitus: A meta-analysis.
Appropriate therapy for type 2 diabetes mellitus in view of pancreatic β-cell glucose toxicity: "the earlier, the better".
Role of 14-3-3η protein on cardiac fatty acid metabolism and macrophage polarization after high fat diet induced type 2 diabetes mellitus.
ZY15557, a novel, long acting inhibitor of dipeptidyl peptidase-4, for the treatment of Type 2 diabetes mellitus.
An overview on the exponential growth of non-invasive diagnosis of diabetes mellitus from exhaled breath by nanostructured metal oxide Chemi-resistive gas sensors and μ-preconcentrator.
Reproductive function in male patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Elevated frequencies of micronuclei in pregnant women with type 1 diabetes mellitus and in their newborns.
A mobile and web-based clinical decision support and monitoring system for diabetes mellitus patients in primary care: a study protocol for a randomized controlled trial.
Impact of type 2 diabetes mellitus on short-term and long-term outcomes of patients with esophageal squamous cell cancer undergoing resection: a propensity score analysis.
A novel NMR-based assay to measure circulating concentrations of branched-chain amino acids: Elevation in subjects with type 2 diabetes mellitus and association with carotid intima media thickness.
Effects of co-existing autoimmune diseases on serum lipids and lipoprotein subclasses profile in paediatric patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Prognostic factors for resected non-small cell lung cancer in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Impact of Seasonality on Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.
A Randomized controlled trial of the effect of yoga and peer support on glycaemic outcomes in women with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a feasibility study.
Cardiovascular disease risk factors in a Nigerian population with impaired fasting blood glucose level and diabetes mellitus.
Langerhans' cell histiocytosis (LCH) in adolescence presented with central diabetes insipidus: a case report.
Preoperative Evaluation of Patients with Diabetes Mellitus.
Markers of innate immune activity in patients with type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus and the effect of the anti-oxidant coenzyme Q10 on inflammatory activity.
Antidiabetic Effect of Brain-Derived Neurotrophic Factor and Its Association with Inflammation in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
[Circumstances of diagnosis of diabetes mellitus at the Sylvanus Olympio University Hospital in Lomé].
Type 2 diabetes mellitus in children and adolescents: a relatively new clinical problem within pediatric practice.
Circulating serum irisin levels in obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Imbalanced Macrophage and Dendritic Cell Activations in Response to Candida albicans in a Murine Model of Diabetes Mellitus.
Impact of smoking cessation on estimated cardiovascular risk in Spanish type 2 diabetes mellitus patients: The DIABETES study.
Level of insulin adherence among diabetes mellitus patients in Felege Hiwot Referral Hospital, Bahir Dar, Northwest Ethiopia, 2017: a cross-sectional study.
Prevalence of diabetes mellitus at the end of life: An investigation using individually linked cause-of-death and medical register data.
Insulin Resistance in Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus and Its Association with Patient's Micro- and Macrovascular Complications, Sex Hormones, and Other Clinical Data.
Cyclical relationship between depressive symptoms and diabetes distress in people with Type 2 diabetes mellitus: results from the Montreal Evaluation of Diabetes Treatment Cohort Study.
The rs10229583 polymorphism near paired box gene 4 is associated with gestational diabetes mellitus in Chinese women.
Serum lactate levels are associated with serum alanine aminotransferase and total bilirubin levels in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A cross-sectional study.
Systematic investigation of the mechanism of Cichorium glandulosum on type 2 diabetes mellitus accompanied with non-alcoholic fatty liver rats.
Apoptosis of beta cells in diabetes mellitus.
Relationship between diabetes mellitus and tooth loss in adults residing in Ubonratchathani province, Thailand.
Progression from impaired fasting glucose to type 2 diabetes mellitus among Chinese subjects with and without hypertension in a primary care setting.
Chronic Neuregulin-1β Treatment Mitigates the Progression of Postmyocardial Infarction Heart Failure in the Setting of Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus by Suppressing Myocardial Apoptosis, Fibrosis, and Key Oxidant-Producing Enzymes.
Trends in prevalence, incidence and pharmacologic management of diabetes mellitus among seniors newly admitted to long-term care facilities in Saskatchewan between 2003 and 2011.
Development and evaluation of a risk score for type 2 diabetes mellitus among middle-aged Chinese rural population based on the RuralDiab Study.
Differentiating Transient Idiopathic Hyperglycaemia and Neonatal Diabetes Mellitus in Preterm Infants.
Amiloride blocks lithium entry through the sodium channel thereby attenuating the resultant nephrogenic diabetes insipidus.
Effect of puerarin on type II diabetes mellitus with orthopaedic footwear.
Adverse peri-operative outcomes following elective total hip replacement in diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Association between IgE-mediated allergies and diabetes mellitus type 1 in children and adolescents.
Evaluation of relationship between dental caries, diabetes mellitus and oral microbiota in diabetics.
Hyperglycaemia cause vascular inflammation through advanced glycation end products/early growth response-1 axis in gestational diabetes mellitus.
Prevalence of hepatitis B virus in patients with diabetes mellitus: a comparative cross sectional study at Woldiya General Hospital, Ethiopia.
The effect of regular consumption of lupin-containing foods on glycaemic control and blood pressure in people with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Diabetes mellitus is associated with breast cancer: systematic review, meta-analysis, and in silico reproduction.
Assessment of relationship between serum vascular adhesion protein-1 (VAP-1) and gestational diabetes mellitus.
Gestational diabetes mellitus, prenatal air pollution exposure, and autism spectrum disorder.
Diabetes mellitus as a risk factor for open-angle glaucoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Apoptosis, autophagy & endoplasmic reticulum stress in diabetes mellitus.
Metformin is associated with fewer major adverse cardiac events among patients with a new diagnosis of type 2 diabetes mellitus: A propensity score-matched nationwide study.
Insulin analogues in type 1 diabetes mellitus: getting better all the time.
Single nucleotide polymorphisms in the Trx2/TXNIP and TrxR2 genes of the mitochondrial thioredoxin antioxidant system and the risk of diabetic retinopathy in patients with Type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Comparison of Four Risk Prediction Models for Diabetes Remission after Roux-en-Y Gastric Bypass Surgery in Obese Chinese Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Effects of <i>Nigella Sativa</i> on Type-2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Systematic Review.
Combination therapy of oral hypoglycemic agents in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Gestational diabetes mellitus - literature review on selected cytokines and hormones of confirmed or possible role in its pathogenesis.
Effect of transient post-transplantation hyperglycemia on the development of diabetes mellitus and transplantation outcomes in kidney transplant recipients.
25-hydroxyvitamin D Deficiency and Predictive Factors in Patients with Diabetic Nephropathy in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
[Frailty in older adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus and its relation with glucemic control, lipid profile, blood pressure, balance, disability grade and nutritional status].
Impaired pressure natriuresis and non-dipping blood pressure in rats with early type 1 diabetes mellitus.
[The clinical significance of insulin resistance, impaired carbohydrate and lipid metabolism in the development of microcirculation pathology in patients with chronic heart failure and type 2 diabetes mellitus].
Inflammatory markers in children and adolescents with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
A Population-Based Survey to Determine Association of Perceived Social Support and Self-Efficacy With Self-Care Among Elderly With Diabetes Mellitus (Kerman City, Iran).
Relapsed 6q24-related transient neonatal diabetes mellitus successfully treated with sulfonylurea.
Effects of acute dietary iron overload in pigs (Sus scrofa) with induced type 2 diabetes mellitus.
The antidiabetic action of camel milk in experimental type 2 diabetes mellitus: an overview on the changes in incretin hormones, insulin resistance, and inflammatory cytokines.
Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and the Elderly: An Update on Drugs Used to Treat Glycaemia.
[Introduction of capillary glycosylated haemoglobin determination in a Primary Care Health Area: Multicentre study of the evolution of patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus].
Professional continuous glucose monitoring for the identification of type 1 diabetes mellitus among subjects with insulin therapy.
Markers of Oxidative Stress and Antioxidant Defense in Romanian Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Obesity.
CPAP therapy for patients with sleep apnea and type 2 diabetes mellitus improves control of blood pressure.
Targeting testosterone measurements to patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus and moderate to severe symptomatic erectile dysfunction.
Online social networking services in the management of patients with diabetes mellitus: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Short-term dietary salt supplementation blunts telmisartan induced increases in plasma renin activity in hypertensive patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Mutation of Glu78 of the AVP-NPII gene impairs neurophysin as a carrier protein for arginine vasopressin in a family with neurohypophyseal diabetes insipidus.
Association between the physical activity level and the quality of life of patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Perfluoroalkyl substances, glucose homeostasis, and gestational diabetes mellitus in Chinese pregnant women: A repeat measurement-based prospective study.
Is Chemerin associated with gestational diabetes mellitus? An evidence-based clinical research from Chinese women.
Effects of foot complications in patients with Type 2 diabetes mellitus on public healthcare: An analysis based on the Korea National Diabetes Program Cohort.
Gastric Helicobacter pylori infection associated with risk of diabetes mellitus, but not prediabetes.
Prevalence of CHD-related metabolic comorbidity of diabetes mellitus in Northern Chinese adults: the REACTION study.
Exploring the bi-directional relationship between pancreatic cancer and diabetes mellitus: a retrospective study.
Diabetes mellitus in the young and the old: Effects on cognitive functioning across the life span.
The potential effect of type 2 diabetes mellitus on lumbar disc degeneration: a retrospective single-center study.
The influence of prehypertension, hypertension, and glycated hemoglobin on the development of type 2 diabetes mellitus in prediabetes: the Korean Genome and Epidemiology Study (KoGES).
European versus Asian differences for the associations between paraoxonase-1 genetic polymorphisms and susceptibility to type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Peri-operative management of patients with type-2 diabetes mellitus undergoing non-cardiac surgery using liraglutide, glucose-insulin-potassium infusion or intravenous insulin bolus regimens: a randomised controlled trial.
Diabetes mellitus is associated with late-onset post-stroke depression.
[Research Advances in Hydrogen Sulfide and Diabetes Mellitus as Well as Diabetic Complications].
Association of glutathione-S-transferase with patients of type 2 diabetes mellitus with and without nephropathy.
Influence of Renal Function on the 52-Week Efficacy and Safety of the Sodium Glucose Cotransporter 2 Inhibitor Luseogliflozin in Japanese Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Relationship between Immunological Abnormalities in Rat Models of Diabetes Mellitus and the Amplification Circuits for Diabetes.
Soluble urokinase receptor (suPAR) predicts microalbuminuria in patients at risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Designing Data Elements and Minimum Data Set (MDS) for Creating the Registry of Patients with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.
SKIP (Supporting Kids with diabetes In Physical activity): Feasibility of a randomised controlled trial of a digital intervention for 9-12 year olds with type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Current guidelines on the management of gestational diabetes mellitus: a content analysis and appraisal.
The geriatric depression scale and the timed up and go test predict fear of falling in community-dwelling elderly women with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a cross-sectional study.
Does diabetes appear in distinct phenotypes in young people? Results of the diabetes mellitus incidence Cohort Registry (DiMelli).
Programming Effects of Prenatal Glucocorticoid Exposure with a Postnatal High-Fat Diet in Diabetes Mellitus.
Three-year follow-up outcomes of SES and PES in a randomized controlled study stratified by the presence of diabetes mellitus: J-DEsSERT trial.
A review about biomarkers for the investigation of vascular function and impairment in diabetes mellitus.
Effects of combination of perindopril, indapamide, and calcium channel blockers in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: results from the Action In Diabetes and Vascular Disease: Preterax and Diamicron Controlled Evaluation (ADVANCE) trial.
Diabetes Mellitus, Arterial Wall, and Cardiovascular Risk Assessment.
Direct head-to-head comparison of glycaemic durability of dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitors and sulphonylureas in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A meta-analysis of long-term randomized controlled trials.
Emergency Department Visits Can Be Reduced by Having a Regular Doctor for Adults with Diabetes Mellitus: Secondary Analysis of 2013 Korea Health Panel Data.
Association of diabetes mellitus with decline in ankle-brachial index among patients on hemodialysis: A 6-year follow-up study.
Development of a plasminogen activator inhibitor (PAI-1) assay and comparison of plasma PAI-1 activity in hyperlipidemic/dyslipidemic dogs with either hyperadrenocorticism or diabetes mellitus, and healthy dogs.
The effect of hypergastrinemia following sleeve gastrectomy and pantoprazole on type 2 diabetes mellitus and beta-cell mass in Goto-Kakizaki rats.
Indigenous plant medicines for health care: treatment of Diabetes mellitus and hyperlipidemia.
Assessing variation across 8 established East Asian loci for type 2 diabetes mellitus in American Indians: Suggestive evidence for new sex-specific diabetes signals in GLIS3 and ZFAND3.
A comparison study on efficacy, insulin sensitivity and safety of Glimepiride/Metformin fixed dose combination versus glimepiride single therapy on type 2 diabetes mellitus patients with basal insulin therapy.
Cardio-ankle vascular index is associated with diabetic retinopathy in younger than 70 years patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Route to improving Type 1 diabetes mellitus glycaemic outcomes: real-world evidence taken from the National Diabetes Audit.
Physical exercise and non-insulin glucose-lowering therapies in the management of Type 2 diabetes mellitus: a clinical review.
The Association between Social Jetlag, the Metabolic Syndrome, and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in the General Population: The New Hoorn Study.
Effects of diabetes mellitus on biomechanical properties of the rabbit cornea.
Prevalence of hyperglycaemia without previously recognised diabetes mellitus in the Emergency Department and subsequent management - A retrospective cross-sectional study.
Association between serum HbA1c levels and adenomatous polyps in patients with the type 2 diabetes mellitus.
[Clinical Characteristics of Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Obstructive Sleep Apnea Syndrome].
Osteopontin and clusterin levels in type 2 diabetes mellitus: differential association with peripheral autonomic nerve function.
Intestinal fatty acid binding protein Ala54Thr polymorphism is associated with peripheral atherosclerosis combined with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Clinical and Audiometric Assessment of Hearing Loss in Diabetes Mellitus.
Maturity Onset Diabetes of the Young due to Glucokinase, HNF1-A, HNF1-B, and HNF4-A Mutations in a Cohort of Turkish Children Diagnosed as Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus.
[Investigation of pregestational diabetes mellitus in 15 hospitals in Guangdong province].
Islet Amyloid in Whole Pancreas Transplants for Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus (DM): Possible Role of Type 2 DM for Graft Failure.
Disordered eating behaviour in young adults with type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Family support in caring for older people with diabetes mellitus: a phenomenology study.
Pretransplant diabetes mellitus predicts worse outcomes of liver transplantation: evidence from meta-analysis.
Biochemical, Hormonal and Histological Changes in Prostate of Wistar Rats Following Long Term Streptozotocin-induced Diabetes Mellitus.
Relationship between healthy lifestyle behaviors and cardiovascular risk factors in Chinese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a subanalysis of the CCMR-3B STUDY.
Pharmacokinetic and Pharmacodynamic Properties of Faster-Acting Insulin Aspart versus Insulin Aspart Across a Clinically Relevant Dose Range in Subjects with Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus.
Decreased blood glucose at admission has a prognostic impact in patients with severely decompensated acute heart failure complicated with diabetes mellitus.
Effect of Gum Arabic (Acacia Senegal) supplementation on visceral adiposity index (VAI) and blood pressure in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus as indicators of cardiovascular disease (CVD): a randomized and placebo-controlled clinical trial.
Glucose-Lowering Therapies and Heart Failure in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: Mechanistic Links, Clinical Data, and Future Directions.
Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Alzheimer's Disease: Overlapping Biologic Mechanisms and Environmental Risk Factors.
Type 1 diabetes mellitus effects on dental enamel formation revealed by microscopy and microanalysis.
Influencing factors in quantitative measurement using activated platelet levels and platelet-activating capacity for the assessment of thrombosis in pre-metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Definition, classification and diagnosis of diabetes mellitus.
[Pathogenesis of diabetes mellitus and diabetic complications. Studies on diabetic mouse models].
[Type 2 diabetes mellitus and obesity: should we treat the obesity or the diabetes?].
[Subfoveal choroidal thickness of Chinese aged over 50 years and patients with diabetes mellitus and glaucoma].
Pharmaceutical care of adolescents with diabetes mellitus type 1: the DIADEMA study, a randomized controlled trial.
Brain complications of diabetes mellitus: a cross-sectional study of awareness among individuals with diabetes and the general population in Ireland.
Determinants of bone strength and quality in diabetes mellitus in humans.
Type 2 diabetes mellitus in children and adolescents.
Risk of pneumonia and pneumococcal disease in people hospitalized with diabetes mellitus: English record-linkage studies.
CKD and the risk of acute, community-acquired infections among older people with diabetes mellitus: a retrospective cohort study using electronic health records.
Assessment of health system challenges and opportunities for possible integration of diabetes mellitus and tuberculosis services in South-Eastern Amhara Region, Ethiopia: a qualitative study.
A French patient cohort with low prevalence of diabetes mellitus and Takotsubo syndrome.
alphaENaC-mediated lithium absorption promotes nephrogenic diabetes insipidus.
High Rates of Diabetes Mellitus, Pre-diabetes and Obesity Among Somali Immigrants and Refugees in Minnesota: A Retrospective Chart Review.
[The clinical values of VEMP in the diagnosis of vestibular nerve impairment in the patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus].
The influence of real-time blood glucose levels on left ventricular myocardial strain and strain rate in pediatric patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus - a speckle tracking echocardiography study.
The <i>MTNR1B</i> rs10830963 Variant in Interaction with Pre-Pregnancy BMI is a Pharmacogenetic Marker for the Initiation of Antenatal Insulin Therapy in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.
Drug-drug interactions between immunosuppressants and antidiabetic drugs in the treatment of post-transplant diabetes mellitus.
Two different types of diabetes mellitus in pancreatic cancer population. Comparative study between new onset and long standing diabetes mellitus on 76 patients with pancreatic cancer.
Testosterone supplementation improves glucose homeostasis despite increasing hepatic insulin resistance in male mouse model of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Clinical and genetic predictors of dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitor treatment response in Type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Real-world glycemic, blood pressure, and weight control in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus treated with canagliflozin-an electronic health-record-based study.
PGC-1α, glucose metabolism and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
[Effects of physical training in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a systematic review].
Circulating endothelium-enriched microRNA-126 as a potential biomarker for coronary artery disease in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients.
Clinical Study to Evaluate the Association Between Sensorineural Hearing Loss and Diabetes Mellitus in Poorly Controlled Patients Whose HbA1c >8.
Association between mean platelet volume in the pathogenesis of type 2 diabetes mellitus and diabetic macrovascular complications in Japanese patients.
MicroRNA-351 eases insulin resistance and liver gluconeogenesis via the PI3K/AKT pathway by inhibiting FLOT2 in mice of gestational diabetes mellitus.
Amelioration of dry eye syndrome in db/db mice with diabetes mellitus by treatment with Tibetan Medicine Formula Jikan Mingmu Drops.
Evaluation of unmet medical need among Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus and efficacy of Lixisenatide treatment among Asian type 2 diabetes mellitus patients.
A novel mutation of KCNJ11 gene in a patient with permanent neonatal diabetes mellitus.
Gene therapy of type 2 diabetes mellitus: state of art.
Tumour protein 53 is linked with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Growth retardation in untreated autosomal dominant familial neurohypophyseal diabetes insipidus caused by one recurring and two novel mutations in the vasopressin-neurophysin II gene.
Gestational diabetes mellitus and first trimester pregnancy-associated plasma protein A: A case-control study in a Chinese population.
Salt-losing nephrogenic diabetes insipidus caused by fetal exposure to angiotensin receptor blocker.
Hepatitis B virus infection, diabetes mellitus, and their synergism for cholangiocarcinoma development: a case-control study in Korea.
Impact of glycemic control on aortic stiffness, left ventricular mass and diastolic longitudinal function in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Correlation of retinal nerve fibre layer and macular thickness with serum uric acid among type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Metformin depresses overactivated Notch1/Hes1 signaling in colorectal cancer patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Telemedicine compared with standard care in type 2 diabetes mellitus: A randomized trial in an outpatient clinic.
Guidelines for Medical Nutrition Therapy in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: Systematic Review and Critical Appraisal.
Epicardial adipose tissue is a predictor of decreased kidney function and coronary artery calcification in youth- and early adult onset type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Preventing foot complications in people with diabetes mellitus.
[Prevalence and associated factors of diabetes mellitus in children of Han, Uigurs and Kazaks ethnicities in Xinjiang].
Socially isolated individuals are more prone to have newly diagnosed and prevalent type 2 diabetes mellitus - the Maastricht study.
Decreased VMAT2 in the pancreas of humans with type 2 diabetes mellitus measured in vivo by PET imaging.
V-Go Insulin Delivery System Versus Multiple Daily Insulin Injections for Patients With Uncontrolled Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
The interaction between apolipoprotein B insertion/deletion polymorphism and macronutrient intake on lipid profile and serum leptin and ghrelin levels in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients.
Type 2 diabetes mellitus and myocardial ischemic preconditioning in symptomatic coronary artery disease patients.
Efficacy of oral exfoliative cytology in diabetes mellitus patients: a light microscopic and confocal microscopic study.
Clinical and sociodemographic variables associated with diabetes-related distress in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
[A rare cause of diabetes mellitus].
The burden of hypertension, diabetes mellitus, and cardiovascular risk factors among adult Malawians in HIV care: consequences for integrated services.
Impact of sustained virological response to chronic hepatitic C antiviral therapy on new onset diabetes mellitus type 2 after controlling for metabolic syndrome.
Diabetes mellitus influences the expression of NPY and VEGF in neurons of rat trigeminal ganglion.
The Avoiding Diabetes After Pregnancy Trial in Moms Program: Feasibility of a Diabetes Prevention Program for Women With Recent Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.
Dietary inulin alleviates diverse stages of type 2 diabetes mellitus via anti-inflammation and modulating gut microbiota in db/db mice.
Peripheral blood mononuclear cells of patients with latent autoimmune diabetes secrete higher levels of pro- & anti-inflammatory cytokines compared to those with type-1 diabetes mellitus following <i>in vitro</i> stimulation with β-cell autoantigens.
The association of hyperglycemia and diabetes mellitus and the risk of chemotherapy-induced neutropenia among cancer patients: A systematic review with meta-analysis.
HLA-typing, clinical, and immunological characterization of youth with type 2 diabetes mellitus phenotype from the German/Austrian DPV database.
Sex Differences in Diabetes Mellitus Mortality Trends in Brazil, 1980-2012.
Plasma vascular endothelial growth factor B levels are increased in patients with newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes mellitus and associated with the first phase of glucose-stimulated insulin secretion function of β-cell.
The effectiveness of an emotion-focused educational programme in reducing diabetes distress in adults with Type 2 diabetes mellitus (VEMOFIT): a cluster randomized controlled trial.
Distribution of Cytotoxic T Lymphocyte-Associated Antigen-4 Promoter Polymorphisms in Taiwanese Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Effect of increased calcium consumption from fat-free milk in an energy-restricted diet on the metabolic syndrome and cardiometabolic outcomes in adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a randomised cross-over clinical trial.
DMTO: a realistic ontology for standard diabetes mellitus treatment.
Association of liver cirrhosis severity with type 2 diabetes mellitus in hepatocellular carcinoma.
Literacy in health and self-care in people with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Hidradenitis suppurativa and diabetes mellitus: updated systematic review and adjusted meta-analysis.
Evaluation of the relationship between microalbuminuria and 25-(OH) vitamin D levels in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Involvement of growth factors in diabetes mellitus and its complications: A general review.
Parabens exposure in early pregnancy and gestational diabetes mellitus.
Global DNA methylation profiling in peripheral blood cells of South African women with gestational diabetes mellitus.
Estimated daily quercetin intake and association with the prevalence of type 2 diabetes mellitus in Chinese adults.
Dulaglutide-induced cerebral venous thrombosis in a patient with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Physical and psychosocial factors associated with depression among adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus at a Federally Qualified Healthcare Center.
A brief campaign to prevent diabetic ketoacidosis in children newly diagnosed with type 1 diabetes mellitus: The NO-DKA Study.
Type 2 diabetes mellitus and bone.
Phenotypic and genotypic differences between Indian and Scandinavian women with gestational diabetes mellitus.
Harmony Outcomes: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of the effect of albiglutide on major cardiovascular events in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus-Rationale, design, and baseline characteristics.
Clinical Profile of Asymptomatic Bacteriuria in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: An Eastern India Perspective.
The effects of dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitors on bone fracture among patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A network meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
The pathogenesis and pathophysiology of gestational diabetes mellitus: Deductions from a three-part longitudinal metabolomics study in China.
Infective endocarditis according to type 2 diabetes mellitus status: an observational study in Spain, 2001-2015.
Exposure to Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: Impact on the Development of Early-Onset Type 2 Diabetes in Canadian First Nations and Non-First Nations Offspring.
Commentary: improving persistently elevated HbA1c in diabetes mellitus patients in Nigeria.
Sex differences in the development of diabetes in mice with deleted wolframin (Wfs1) gene.
Differences in self-monitored, blood glucose test strip utilization by therapy for type 2 diabetes mellitus.
[Association of the Types of Dementia and the Incidence of Hypertension, Diabetes Mellitus, or Bone Fracture].
The effect of metformin use on hypopharyngeal squamous cell carcinoma in diabetes mellitus patients.
Iranian neonatal diabetes mellitus due to mutation in PDX1 gene: a case report.
Association of Plasma Aβ40 Peptides, But Not Aβ42, with Coronary Artery Disease and Diabetes Mellitus.
Therapeutic strategies for type 2 diabetes mellitus in women after menopause.
Current and Emerging Aspects of Diabetes Mellitus in Acromegaly.
Association between pioglitazone use and the risk of bladder cancer among subjects with diabetes mellitus: a dose-response meta-analysis .
Bone mineral density in adult patients with type I diabetes mellitus attending specialized center for endocrinology and diabetes in Baghdad.
Rehabilitation of Tendon Problems in Patients with Diabetes Mellitus.
Impaired Cholesterol Efflux Capacity of High-Density Lipoprotein Isolated From Interstitial Fluid in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus-Brief Report.
Intermittent Vagal Nerve Block for Improvements in Obesity, Cardiovascular Risk Factors, and Glycemic Control in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: 2-Year Results of the VBLOC DM2 Study.
Diabetes mellitus--advances and challenges in human β-cell proliferation.
Serum albumin-adjusted glycated albumin as a better indicator of glycemic control in Type 2 diabetes mellitus patients with short duration of hemodialysis.
Impact of hip fracture on all-cause mortality in Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: The Fukuoka Diabetes Registry.
Dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitors (DPP-4i) combined with vitamin D3: An exploration to treat new-onset type 1 diabetes mellitus and latent autoimmune diabetes in adults in the future.
Associations between dietary intakes of iron, copper and zinc with risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus: A large population-based prospective cohort study.
The benefits of yoga practice compared to physical exercise in the management of type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Prooxidant-Antioxidant Balance and Antioxidant Properties of Thuja orientalis L: A Potential Therapeutic Approach for Diabetes Mellitus.
Metabolic Consequences of Obstructive Sleep Apnea Especially Pertaining to Diabetes Mellitus and Insulin Sensitivity.
High glucose induces dysfunction of human umbilical vein endothelial cells by upregulating miR-137 in gestational diabetes mellitus.
Association of NOS2 and NOS3 gene polymorphisms with susceptibility to type 2 diabetes mellitus and diabetic nephropathy in the Chinese Han population.
Safety and efficacy of canagliflozin in elderly patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a 1-year post-marketing surveillance in Japan.
Effects of TRPM7/miR-34a Gene Silencing on Spatial Cognitive Function and Hippocampal Neurogenesis in Mice with Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus.
The Association of Folic Acid Deficiency and Diabetic Nephropathy in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Comparing six antihypertensive medication classes for preventing new-onset diabetes mellitus among hypertensive patients: a network meta-analysis.
Beneficial effect of lixisenatide after 76 weeks of treatment in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A meta-analysis from the GetGoal programme.
Anterior mediastinal gastroenteric cyst containing pancreatic tissue influenced the diabetes mellitus status.
Factors influencing the diabetes-specific health-related quality of life in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Associations among health behaviors, body mass index, hypertension, and diabetes mellitus: A path analysis.
Association between diabetes mellitus and hearing impairment in American and Korean populations.
Clinical coaching in primary care: Capable of improving control in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus?
A postzygotic KRAS mutation in a patient with Schimmelpenning syndrome presenting with lipomatosis, renovascular hypertension, and diabetes mellitus.
Type 2 diabetes mellitus, oxidative stress and inflammation: examining the links.
Comparison of different gastric bypass procedures in gastric carcinoma patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Body mass index and the risk of all-cause mortality among patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Addressing Clinical Inertia in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Review.
Estimation of the economic and health impact of complications of type 2 diabetes mellitus in the autonomous community of Madrid (Spain).
Diabetes Mellitus: Management of Gastrointestinal Complications.
Atypical forms of diabetes mellitus in Africans and other non-European ethnic populations in low- and middle-income countries: a systematic literature review.
The Association between Depression and Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus: Inflammatory Cytokines as Ferrymen in between?
A randomized dose-finding study demonstrating the efficacy and tolerability of albiglutide in Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Plasma Placental Growth Factor Concentrations Are Elevated Well in Advance of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Onset: Prospective Data From the WHS.
Cortical thinning in type 2 diabetes mellitus and recovering effects of insulin therapy.
Human Leukocyte Antigen (HLA) Subtype-Dependent Development of Myasthenia Gravis, Type-1 Diabetes Mellitus, and Hashimoto Disease: A Case Report of Autoimmune Polyendocrine Syndrome Type 3.
Salivary innate defense system in type 1 diabetes mellitus in children with mixed and permanent dentition.
Neither Hormonal Factors Nor AGEs Explain Lower Prostate Cancer Risk in Older Men With Diabetes Mellitus.
Kinetic Chemiluminescence as a Method for Oxidative Stress Evaluation in Examinations of Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Low dose resveratrol improves cerebrovascular function in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Serum anti-Müllerian hormone concentration in women with polycystic ovary syndrome and type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Transplantation of mesenchymal stem cells improves type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Diabetes mellitus and prostate cancer metabolism: Is there a relationship?
Describing medicine therapy management of type 2 diabetes mellitus at primary health care facilities in Cape Town.
Newly diagnosed and previously known diabetes mellitus and short-term outcomes in patients with acute myocardial infarction.
The Divergent Cardiovascular Effects of Angiotensin-Converting Enzyme Inhibitors and Angiotensin II Type 1 Receptor Blockers in Adult Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Management of obesity in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus in primary care.
Low testosterone and clinical outcomes in Chinese men with type 2 diabetes mellitus - Hong Kong Diabetes Registry.
The emerging role of metformin in gestational diabetes mellitus.
The Association between Pre-existing Diabetes Mellitus and Pressure Ulcers in Patients Following Surgery: A Meta-analysis.
Safety and efficacy of percutaneous mitral valve repair using the MitraClip® system in patients with diabetes mellitus.
Health-related Quality of Life of Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus at A Tertiary Care Hospital in India Using EQ 5D 5L.
Long-term intra-individual variability of albuminuria in type 2 diabetes mellitus: implications for categorization of albumin excretion rate.
A pilot randomized controlled trial of a post-discharge program to support emerging adults with type 1 diabetes mellitus transition from pediatric to adult care.
Subclinical Left Ventricular Longitudinal and Radial Systolic Dysfunction in Children and Adolescents with Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus.
A novel SNP in 3' UTR of INS gene: A case report of neonatal diabetes mellitus.
Evaluation of glycemic variability in chronic liver disease patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus using continuous glucose monitoring.
Role of Type 2 Diabetes in Determining Retinal, Renal, and Cardiovascular Outcomes in Women With Previous Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.
Periodontitis contributes to aberrant metabolism in type 2 diabetes mellitus rats by stimulating the expression of adipokines.
[Guidelines for the management of diabetes mellitus type 2].
Histological and biomechanical analysis of the effects of streptozotocin-induced type one diabetes mellitus on healing of tenotomised Achilles tendons in rats.
Comparison of risk factors and pregnancy outcomes of gestational diabetes mellitus diagnosed during early and late pregnancy.
Effect of canagliflozin on the overall clinical state including insulin resistance in Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
A fish-based diet intervention improves endothelial function in postmenopausal women with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a randomized crossover trial.
Sudden cardiac death and diabetes mellitus.
Development of a simple tool to predict the risk of postpartum diabetes in women with gestational diabetes mellitus.
Detemir insulin for the treatment of diabetes mellitus in dogs.
Occurrence of increased arterial stiffness in a cohort of adult patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus when compared to normoglycemic controls.
Gender differences in the effect of diabetes mellitus and its treatment on osteoarthritic pain.
Factors associated with screening for glucose abnormalities after gestational diabetes mellitus: baseline cohort of the interventional IMPACT study.
Hospital-acquired Clostridium difficile infection among patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus in acute medical wards.
High-fat diet and streptozotocin in the induction of type 2 diabetes mellitus: a new proposal.
Factors associated with glycemic control in people with diabetes mellitus.
Association of Pancreatic Steatosis With Chronic Pancreatitis, Obesity, and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Inflammatory Macrophages in the Sciatic Nerves Facilitate Neuropathic Pain Associated with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Heart Failure: Epidemiology, Pathophysiology, and Management of Heart Failure in Diabetes Mellitus.
Japanese Cardiovascular Disease Patients with Diabetes Mellitus Suffer Increased Tooth Loss in Comparison to Those without Diabetes Mellitus -A Cross-sectional Study.
Retinal sensitivity in subjects with type 2 diabetes mellitus: Sankara Nethralaya Diabetic Retinopathy Epidemiology and Molecular Genetics Study (SN-DREAMS II, Report No. 4).
Interventions in type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular mortality-An overview of clinical trials.
Relationship between Proinflammatory and Antioxidant Proteins with the Severity of Cardiovascular Disease in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Cutaneous Manifestations of Diabetes Mellitus and Prediabetes.
Association of Exposure to Radio-Frequency Electromagnetic Field Radiation (RF-EMFR) Generated by Mobile Phone Base Stations with Glycated Hemoglobin (HbA1c) and Risk of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Assessing the Impact of Diabetes Mellitus on Donor Corneal Endothelial Cell Density.
Ameliorative potential of acupressure on gestational diabetes mellitus: A randomized controlled trial.
Link between retinopathy and nephropathy caused by complications of diabetes mellitus type 2.
A novel AVPR2 missense mutation in a Chinese boy with severe inherited nephrogenic diabetes insipidus.
Nursing management of gestational diabetes mellitus in Ghana: Perspectives of nurse-midwives and women.
Angiotensin II Silencing Alleviates Erectile Dysfunction Through Down-Regulating the Rhoa/Rho Kinase Signaling Pathway in Rats with Diabetes Mellitus.
Metformin Use Reverses the Increased Mortality Associated With Diabetes Mellitus During Tuberculosis Treatment.
Safety, tolerability and pharmacodynamics of apical sodium-dependent bile acid transporter inhibition with volixibat in healthy adults and patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a randomised placebo-controlled trial.
Vildagliptin loaded triangular DNA nanospheres coated with eudragit for oral delivery and better glycemic control in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Short-term effect of add on bell pepper (Capsicum annuum var. grossum) juice with integrated approach of yoga therapy on blood glucose levels and cardiovascular functions in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A randomized controlled study.
Evaluation of Quality of Life in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Patients Using Quality of Life Instrument for Indian Diabetic Patients: A Cross-Sectional Study.
The Effect of Stem Cell Transplantation Therapy for Post Viral Chronic Liver Cell Failure on Associated Type II Diabetes Mellitus: A pilot study.
Severity of Diabetes Mellitus and Total Hip or Knee Replacement: A Population-Based Case-Control Study.
Long-Term Diabetes Mellitus Is Associated with an Increased Risk of Pancreatic Cancer: A Meta-Analysis.
Corneal thickness and endothelial cell density in children with type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Bariatric surgery, compared to medical treatment, reduces morbidity at all ages but does not reduce mortality in patients aged < 43 years, especially if diabetes mellitus is present: a post hoc analysis of two retrospective cohort studies.
A High Level of Intestinal Alkaline Phosphatase Is Protective Against Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Irrespective of Obesity.
Kallistatin as a marker of microvascular complications in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus: Relation to carotid intima media thickness.
The beneficial effects of zinc on diabetes-induced kidney damage in murine rodent model of type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Plasma triglycerides as a risk factor for chronic kidney disease in type 2 diabetes mellitus: Evidence from northeastern Thailand.
Intuitive eating is associated with weight and glucose control during pregnancy and in the early postpartum period in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM): A clinical cohort study.
Longitudinal associations between sex, diabetes self-care, and health-related quality of life among youth with type 1 or type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Increasing prevalence of type 2 diabetes mellitus and impact of ethnicity in north Sudan.
Pharmacologic management of types 1 and 2 diabetes mellitus and their complications in women of childbearing age.
Multiple Antihyperglycemic Drug Use is Associated with Undernutrition Among Older Adults with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Resistance Training Improves Muscle Function and Cardiometabolic Risks But Not Quality of Life in Older People With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
Effects of addition of a dipeptidyl peptidase IV inhibitor to metformin on sirolimus-induced diabetes mellitus.
Pancreatic Elastase Levels in Feces As A Marker of Exocrine Pancreatic Function in Patients With Diabetes Mellitus.
Overcoming the Challenges in Implementing Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Prevention Programs Can Decrease the Burden on Healthcare Costs in the United States.
Attitude and Empowerment as Predictors Of Self-Reported Self-Care and A1C Values among African Americans With Diabetes Mellitus.
Circulating Endothelial Microparticles and Aortic Stiffness in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Gestational diabetes mellitus in mothers and long term cardiovascular disease in both parents: Results of over a decade follow-up of the Iranian population.
Impaired Glucose Tolerance or Newly Diagnosed Diabetes Mellitus Diagnosed during Admission Adversely Affects Prognosis after Myocardial Infarction: An Observational Study.
A Novel c.125 T>G (p.Val42Gly) Mutation in The Human INS Gene Leads to Neonatal Diabetes Mellitus via a Decrease in Insulin Synthesis.
High Prevalence of Obstructive Sleep Apnea among People with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in a Tertiary Care Center.
Individual and partner's level of occupation and the association with HbA<sub>1c</sub> levels in people with Type 2 diabetes mellitus: the Dutch Diabetes Pearl cohort.
[Future prevalence evolution of the diabetes mellitus. Analysis in the Spanish case].
What is the impact of gestational diabetes mellitus on frequency of structural chromosome aberrations in pregnant women and their offspring?
Streptococcus pneumoniae oropharyngeal colonization in school-age children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus: Impact of the heptavalent pneumococcal conjugate vaccine.
The Impact of Sleep Debt on Excess Adiposity and Insulin Sensitivity in Patients with Early Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Metformin Has a Positive Therapeutic Effect on Prostate Cancer in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Diabetes Mellitus Induces Alzheimer's Disease Pathology: Histopathological Evidence from Animal Models.
Assessment of atrial electromechanical delay and P-wave dispersion in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Prevalence of impaired fasting glucose and type 1 and 2 diabetes mellitus in a large nationwide working population in Spain.
Dapagliflozin for the treatment of type 1 diabetes mellitus.
HbA1c for screening and diagnosis of diabetes mellitus.
Healthful dietary patterns and long-term weight change among women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus.
Incidence and prevalence of type 2 diabetes mellitus with HIV infection in Africa: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Spontaneous resolution of diabetes insipidus after pituitary stalk sectioning during surgery for large craniopharyngioma. Endocrinological evaluation and clinical implications for surgical strategy.
The Pathophysiology of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.
Visit-to-visit glycemic variability is a strong predictor of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: Competing risk analysis using a national cohort from the Taiwan diabetes study.
Effectiveness of a diabetes prevention program for rural women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus: study protocol of a multi-site randomized clinical trial.
Retrospective database analysis of cancer risk in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus in China.
Syndrome of inappropriate antidiuretic hormone secretion and diabetes insipidus in an infant following surgery.
Effects of α-tocopherol on bone marrow mesenchymal cells derived from type II diabetes mellitus rats.
[The state of ocular neurosensory apparatus in diabetes mellitus].
Targeting α -(1,4)-Glucosidase in Diabetes Mellitus Type 2: The Role of New Synthetic Coumarins as Potent Inhibitors.
Elevated serum lipocalin 2 levels are associated with indexes of both glucose and bone metabolism in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
The influence of metformin and the presence of type 2 diabetes mellitus on mortality and hospitalisation in patients with heart failure.
[The association between enpp1 rs997509 polymorphism and type 2 diabetes mellitus development in ukrainian population].
[Efficiency of neuromultivit in complex therapy of patients with rheumatoid arthritis associated with diabetes mellitus].
Environmental Risk Factors for Developing Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Systematic Review.
Cardiovascular Outcomes and Safety of Empagliflozin in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Peripheral Artery Disease: A Subanalysis of EMPA-REG OUTCOME.
Association between FTO gene polymorphisms and type 2 diabetes mellitus, serum levels of apelin and androgen hormones among Iranian obese women.
Dynamic status of metabolically healthy overweight/obesity and metabolically unhealthy and normal weight and the risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus: A cohort study of a rural adult Chinese population.
Association of hemoglobin A1c variability and the incidence of heart failure with preserved ejection fraction in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus and arterial hypertension.
Interplay between ultrastructural findings and atherothrombotic complications in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Considerations and treatment options for patients with comorbid atrial fibrillation and diabetes mellitus.
Type 1 diabetes mellitus and risk of cancer: a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Multiple diabetic complications, as well as impaired physical and mental function, are associated with declining balance function in older persons with diabetes mellitus.
Association between diabetes mellitus and multi-drug-resistant tuberculosis: a protocol for a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Managing hypertension in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Regional Variability of Lifestyle Factors and Hypertension with Prediabetes and Newly Diagnosed Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: The Population-Based KORA-F4 and SHIP-TREND Studies in Germany.
Diabetes-dependent quality of life (ADDQOL) and affecting factors in patients with diabetes mellitus type 2 in Greece.
The relationship between pancreatic atrophy after steroid therapy and diabetes mellitus in patients with autoimmune pancreatitis.
Exploring Fetal Sex Dimorphism in the Risk Factors of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus-A Prospective Cohort Study.
Fulminant Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus Caused by Drug Reaction With Eosinophilia and Systemic Symptoms (DRESS): A Case Report and Review of the Literature.
Frequency and Severity of Hypoglycemia in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Patients Treated with a Sulfonylurea-Based Regimen at University-Affiliated Hospitals in Korea: The Naturalistic Evaluation of Hypoglycemic Events in Diabetic Subjects Study.
Effects of Yoga Versus Sham Yoga on Oxidative Stress, Glycemic Status, and Anthropometry in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Single-Blinded Randomized Pilot Study.
[NEW TREATMENTS IN DIABETES MELLITUS - AN UPDATE].
Development and Validation of PREDICT-DM: A New Microsimulation Model to Project and Evaluate Complications and Treatments of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Prevalence of vitamin B12 deficiency in patients of type 2 diabetes mellitus on metformin: a case control study from Pakistan.
[Effects of vitamin D supplementation in early pregnancy on high-risk groups of gestational diabetes mellitus].
Meta-analysis of the association between maternal subclinical hypothyroidism and gestational diabetes mellitus.
Controlling type 2 diabetes mellitus with herbal medicines: A triple-blind randomized clinical trial of efficacy and safety.
Screening and Treatment for Early-Onset Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: a Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.
[Delayed complications after pancreatic surgery: Pancreatic insufficiency, malabsorption syndrome, pancreoprivic diabetes mellitus and pseudocysts].
PCSK9 inhibitors and diabetes mellitus.
[Relationships between serum cystatin C, chemerin levels and subclinical atherosclerosis in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients].
Fourfold increase in prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus after adoption of the new International Association of Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups (IADPSG) criteria.
Quality appraisal of clinical practice guidelines for diabetes mellitus published in China between 2007 and 2017 using the AGREE II instrument.
Management of Diabetes Mellitus in Adults at the End of Life: A Review of Recent Literature and Guidelines.
Long-term effects of the multidisciplinary risk assessment and management program for patients with diabetes mellitus (RAMP-DM): a population-based cohort study.
Fulminant type 1 diabetes mellitus with anti-programmed cell death-1 therapy.
A Scoping Review of Behavioral Economic Interventions for Prevention and Treatment of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Review of basal-plus insulin regimen options for simpler insulin intensification in people with Type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Effect of a low glycemic index diet versus a high-cereal fibre diet on markers of subclinical cardiac injury in healthy individuals with type 2 diabetes mellitus: An exploratory analysis of a randomized dietary trial.
Obstetric and perinatal outcomes in pregnancies complicated by diabetes, and control pregnancies, in Kronoberg, Sweden.
Homozygous deletion of TRMT10A as part of a contiguous gene deletion in a syndrome of failure to thrive, delayed puberty, intellectual disability and diabetes mellitus.
Tissue Doppler imaging is a sensitive echocardiographic technique to detect subclinical systolic and diastolic dysfunction of both ventricles in type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Developing a Screening Algorithm for Type II Diabetes Mellitus in the Resource-Limited Setting of Rural Tanzania.
Increased Glycated Hemoglobin Level is Associated With SYNTAX Score II in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Efficacy and safety of the addition of ertugliflozin in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus inadequately controlled with metformin and sitagliptin: The VERTIS SITA2 placebo-controlled randomized study.
The prelude on novel receptor and ligand targets involved in the treatment of diabetes mellitus.
[Actuality of problem of coexistent diabetes mellitus and pulmonary tuberculosis in patients, when surgical treatment is necessary].
Comparison of annual variability in HbA1c and glycated albumin in patients with type 1 vs. type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Diabetes mellitus in genetically isolated populations in Jordan: prevalence, awareness, glycemic control, and associated factors.
HBA1C AS AN INDIRECT MARKER OF HYPERTRIGLYCERIDEMIA IN TYPE-2 DIABETES MELLITUS.
Increased circulating heat shock protein 70 (HSPA1A) levels in gestational diabetes mellitus: a pilot study.
Glucose Effectiveness from Short Insulin-Modified IVGTT and Its Application to the Study of Women with Previous Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.
An Evidence-Based Medicine Approach to Antihyperglycemic Therapy in Diabetes Mellitus to Overcome Overtreatment.
Sex differences in factors associated with metabolic syndrome among Korean adults without diabetes mellitus: results from the Korea National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey from 2010 to 2013.
Body mass index growth trajectories from birth through 24 months in Iranian infants of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus.
Diabetes mellitus stimulates pancreatic cancer growth and epithelial-mesenchymal transition-mediated metastasis via a p38 MAPK pathway.
Chemical components of respirable particulate matter associated with emergency hospital admissions for type 2 diabetes mellitus in Hong Kong.
Obesity, type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease risk: an uptodate in the management of polycystic ovary syndrome.
Is diabetes mellitus a negative prognostic factor for the treatment of advanced non-small-cell lung cancer?
Drug Non-Adherence In Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus; Predictors And Associations.
Mean platelet volume-to-lymphocyte ratio: a novel marker of poor short- and long-term prognosis in patients with diabetes mellitus and acute myocardial infarction.
Diabetes mellitus induced impairment of male reproductive functions: a review.
Diabetes Prevalence Survey of Pakistan (DPS-PAK): prevalence of type 2 diabetes mellitus and prediabetes using HbA1c: a population-based survey from Pakistan.
Remitting seronegative symmetrical synovitis with pitting edema syndrome in individuals with type 2 diabetes mellitus or impaired glucose tolerance.
Environmental risk assessment of chronic arsenic in drinking water and prevalence of type-2 diabetes mellitus in Pakistan.
Evaluation of blood glucose fluctuation in Japanese patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus by self-monitoring of blood glucose and continuous glucose monitoring.
Screening of gestational diabetes mellitus in early pregnancy by oral glucose tolerance test and glycosylated fibronectin: study protocol for an international, prospective, multicentre cohort trial.
The prevalence of hypertension in relation with the normal albuminuria range in type 2 diabetes mellitus within the South Korean population: The Korean National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey, 2011-2012.
Osteoprotegerin, RANKL, ADMA, and Fetuin-A serum levels in children with type I diabetes mellitus.
Sol-gel transition of nanoparticles/polymer mixtures for sustained delivery of exenatide to treat type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Diabetes mellitus and long-term mortality of ovarian cancer patients. A systematic review and meta-analysis of 12 cohort studies.
Dietary EPA Increases Rat Mortality in Diabetes Mellitus, A Phenomenon Which Is Compensated by Green Tea Extract.
A closer look at heart failure in patients with concurrent diabetes mellitus using glucose lowering drugs.
Head and neck cancer patients: impact of diabetes mellitus on surgical outcomes.
Risk of ketoacidosis in children at the time of diabetes mellitus diagnosis by primary caregiver status: a population-based retrospective cohort study.
Hemoglobin A1c Targets for Glycemic Control With Pharmacologic Therapy for Nonpregnant Adults With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Guidance Statement Update From the American College of Physicians.
Does diabetes mellitus impact prognosis after transcatheter aortic valve implantation? Insights from a meta-analysis.
Utility of urinary biomarkers as a diagnostic tool for early diabetic nephropathy in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Impact of Insulin Delivery Method on Hypoglycemia Incidence in Pediatric Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus Patients.
[THE ROLE OF OSTEOCALCIN IN COURSE OF OSTEOARTHRITIS AND TYPE 2 DIABETES MELLITUS].
Ethnic differences in glycaemic control in people with type 2 diabetes mellitus living in Scotland.
An increasing incidence of type 1 diabetes mellitus in Romanian children aged 0 to 17 years.
Design and rationale of the Cardiovascular Health and Text Messaging (CHAT) Study and the CHAT-Diabetes Mellitus (CHAT-DM) Study: two randomised controlled trials of text messaging to improve secondary prevention for coronary heart disease and diabetes.
Association between type 1 diabetes mellitus and educational attainment in childhood: a systematic review protocol.
Development of Perinatal Mental Illness in Women With Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Population-Based Cohort Study.
Early Formation of Serum Advanced Glycation End-Products in Children with Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus: Relationship with Glycemic Control.
Optimal first trimester HbA1c threshold to identify Singaporean women at risk of gestational diabetes mellitus and adverse pregnancy outcomes: A pilot study.
Prevalence, Awareness, Treatment and Control of Diabetes Mellitus in a Chinese Population.
Genetic and clinic predictors of new onset diabetes mellitus after transplantation.
Long-term outcomes associated with triple-goal achievement in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM).
Racial/ethnic disparities in prevalence and care of patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Sex hormones and the risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus: A 9-year follow up among elderly men in Finland.
Topical corticosteroids and risk of diabetes mellitus: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Expression profile of endothelin receptors (ETA and ETB) and microRNAs-155 and -199 in the corpus cavernosum of rats submitted to chronic alcoholism and diabetes mellitus.
Barriers to Postpartum Follow-Up and Glucose Tolerance Testing in Women with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.
Medical claims-based case-control study of temporal relationship between clinical visits for hand syndromes and subsequent diabetes diagnosis: implications for identifying patients with undiagnosed type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Mouse model of inducible nephrogenic diabetes insipidus produced by floxed aquaporin-2 gene deletion.
Effects of Pomegranate Seed Oil on Metabolic State of Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Health information regarding diabetes mellitus reduces misconceptions and underestimation of consequences in the general population.
[Skin disorders in diabetes mellitus].
Development and validation of various phenotyping algorithms for Diabetes Mellitus using data from electronic health records.
Vitamin D replacement and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Diabetes mellitus and risk of prostate cancer in the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition.
Prognostic significance of diabetes mellitus in localized renal cell carcinoma.
Discovery of pancreastatin inhibitor PSTi8 for the treatment of insulin resistance and diabetes: studies in rodent models of diabetes mellitus.
In-Hospital Feeding Practices of Infants Born to Mothers With Gestational Diabetes Mellitus or Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: Evaluating Policy Implementation Effectiveness.
Use of copeptin and high-sensitive cardiac troponin T for diagnosis and prognosis in patients with diabetes mellitus and suspected acute myocardial infarction.
Faecal microbiota of cats with insulin-treated diabetes mellitus.
The crosstalk of gut microbiota and chronic kidney disease: role of inflammation, proteinuria, hypertension, and diabetes mellitus.
Biomechanical risk factors for tripping during obstacle--Crossing with the trailing limb in patients with type II diabetes mellitus.
Pharmacokinetic and Pharmacodynamic Effects of Multiple-dose Administration of Omarigliptin, a Once-weekly Dipeptidyl Peptidase-4 Inhibitor, in Obese Participants With and Without Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Long-term cost-effectiveness of a Patient Empowerment Programme for type 2 diabetes mellitus in primary care.
A Systematic Study of Dysregulated MicroRNA in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Cortisol Levels in Children With Diabetic Ketoacidosis Associated With New-Onset Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus.
Lipocalin-2 expression and serum levels as early predictors of type 2 diabetes mellitus in obese women.
Metformin therapy and risk of colorectal adenomas and colorectal cancer in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
First application of a transcutaneous optical single-port glucose monitoring device in patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Different Dietary Patterns and New-Onset Diabetes Mellitus After Kidney Transplantation: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Influence of patient characteristics on preventive service delivery and general practitioners' preventive performance indicators: A study in patients with hypertension or diabetes mellitus from Hungary.
Decreased plasma neuregulin 4 concentration is associated with increased high-sensitivity C-reactive protein in newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes mellitus patients: a cross-sectional study.
Low vitamin D levels are not a contributing factor to higher prevalence of depressive symptoms in people with Type 2 diabetes mellitus: the Hoorn study.
Multi-informant path models of the influence of psychosocial and treatment-related variables on adherence and metabolic control in adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Adherence to anti-diabetic drugs among patients with Type 2 diabetes mellitus at Muhimbili National Hospital, Dar es Salaam, Tanzania- A cross-sectional study.
Cell biological aspects of the vasopressin type-2 receptor and aquaporin 2 water channel in nephrogenic diabetes insipidus.
Short-term health and economic burden of gestational diabetes mellitus in Mexico: A modeling study.
The risk of diabetic renal function impairment in the first decade after diagnosed of diabetes mellitus is correlated with high variability of visit-to-visit systolic and diastolic blood pressure: a case control study.
Glycemic control and adherence to basal insulin therapy in Taiwanese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Evaluation of knowledge regarding gestational diabetes mellitus: a Bangladeshi study.
The association of household food insecurity with the risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus in adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Risk scores for type 2 diabetes mellitus in Latin America: a systematic review of population-based studies.
Knowledge-Based Personal Health System to empower outpatients of diabetes mellitus by means of P4 Medicine.
Renal effects of sodium glucose co-transporter 2 inhibitors in Japanese type 2 diabetes mellitus patients with home blood pressure monitoring.
Cardiac vagal tone, a non-invasive measure of parasympathetic tone, is a clinically relevant tool in Type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Clinical outcomes and medication adherence in acute coronary syndrome patients with and without type 2 diabetes mellitus: a longitudinal analysis 2006-2011.
New-onset Diabetes Mellitus After Kidney Transplantation-A Paired Kidney Analysis.
Management of diabetes insipidus in children.
TOTAL BODY ADIPOSITY, TRIGLYCERIDES, AND LEG FAT ARE INDEPENDENT RISK FACTORS FOR DIABETIC PERIPHERAL NEUROPATHY IN CHINESE PATIENTS WITH TYPE 2 DIABETES MELLITUS.
Circulating microRNAs as novel biomarkers for diabetes mellitus.
Use of Ayurveda in the Treatment of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Management of Blood Pressure and Heart Rate in Patients with Diabetes Mellitus.
Metabolite changes in risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus in cohort studies: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Long-term protective effect of lactation on the development of type 2 diabetes in women with recent gestational diabetes mellitus.
Single and combined effects of peripheral artery disease and of type 2 diabetes mellitus on the risk of cardiovascular events: A prospective cohort study.
Association of vascular endothelial growth factor expression and polymorphisms with the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus.
Diabetes insipidus in pregnancy.
Body adiposity index in assessing the risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus development: the Baependi Heart Study.
A case of nephrogenic diabetes insipidus with a novel missense mutation in the AVPR2 gene.
Effects of acute caffeine supplementation on reducing exercise-associated hypoglycaemia in individuals with Type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Cost-effectiveness of metformin plus vildagliptin compared with metformin plus sulphonylurea for the treatment of patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a Portuguese healthcare system perspective.
[Diabetes mellitus and the central nervous system].
Risk factors for post-transplant diabetes mellitus in renal transplant: Role of genetic variability in the CYP450-mediated arachidonic acid metabolism.
Resveratrol Ameliorates Arterial Stiffness Assessed by Cardio-Ankle Vascular Index in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
The role of Toujeo®, insulin glargine U-300, in the treatment of diabetes mellitus.
The association between impaired proinsulin processing and type 2 diabetes mellitus in non-obese Japanese individuals.
Effects of green tea or green tea extract on insulin sensitivity and glycaemic control in populations at risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Association of diabetes treatment with long-term glycemic patterns in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A prospective cohort study.
Diabetes mellitus with normal renal function is associated with anaemia.
[Diabetes insipidus as the first manifestation of Langerhans cell histiocytosis: a case report and literatures review].
Screening for gestational diabetes mellitus - Can we use the 50-g glucose challenge test of the previous pregnancy?
Association between diabetes mellitus and poor patient outcomes after out-of-hospital cardiac arrest: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
EVALUATION OF THE USE OF OZONE THERAPY IN TREATMENT OF INFLAMMATORY PROCESSES IN DIABETES MELLITUS IN AN EXPERIMENT.
[Type 2 diabetes mellitus and heart failure].
The relationship between of ACE I/D and the MTHFR C677T polymorphisms in the pathophysiology of type 2 diabetes mellitus in a population of Brazilian obese patients.
Adaption, translation and validation of the Diabetes Mellitus in the Offspring Questionnaire (DMOQ): The Malay version.
The effect of psychometric variables in predicting physical activity behavior among diabetes mellitus type-2 patients.
Factors that Correlate with Poor Glycemic Control in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Patients with Complications.
Characteristics and clinical course of type 1 diabetes mellitus related to anti-programmed cell death-1 therapy.
Short article: A randomized-controlled study of sitagliptin for treating diabetes mellitus complicated by nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.
[Implementation of the National Guidelines for the treatment of Diabetes mellitus type 2 in secondary diabetes centers].
Sexual dysfunction in female patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a cross-sectional single-centre study among Turkish patients.
Association of polymorphisms in angiotensin-converting enzyme gene with gestational diabetes mellitus in Indian women.
Marfan syndrome with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A case report from China.
Associations between urate-lowering therapy and the risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Type 1 diabetes mellitus induced low bone turnover in ovariectomized rats.
[Suprasellar mass and diabetes insipidus. A case of lymphocytic infundibuloneurohypophysitis self-limited with steroids].
Educational intervention to promote self-care in older adults with diabetes mellitus.
[Cardiovascular prevention in diabetes mellitus: A multifactorial challenge].
Severity of coronary artery disease in type 2 diabetes mellitus: Does the timing matter?
Association of 18bp insertion/deletion polymorphism, at -2549 position of VEGF gene, with diabetic vascular complications in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Epidemiology of type 1 diabetes mellitus in Basrah, Southern Iraq: A retrospective study.
Towards Standardized Stem Cell Therapy in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Systematic Review.
Study protocol: a randomised controlled trial of supervised resistance training versus aerobic training in Sri Lankan adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus: SL-DART study.
Empagliflozin: a new treatment option for patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Paraoxonase 1: a better atherosclerotic risk predictor than HDL in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Morphofunctional characteristics of the foot in patients with diabetes mellitus and diabetic neuropathy.
Maternal hepatitis B surface antigen carrier status increased the incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus.
Enablers and barriers for women with gestational diabetes mellitus to achieve optimal glycaemic control - a qualitative study using the theoretical domains framework.
Impact of Hemorheology Assessed by the Microchannel Method on Pulsatility Index of the Common Carotid Artery in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
The utility of the Diabetes Anxiety Depression Scale in Type 2 diabetes mellitus: The Fremantle Diabetes Study Phase II.
Survival rate of dental implant placement by conventional or flapless surgery in controlled type 2 diabetes mellitus patients: A systematic review.
Normalization of heart rate variability with taurine and meldonium complex in post-infarction patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Sex hormone binding globulin for prediction of gestational diabetes mellitus in pre-conception and pregnancy: A systematic review.
A randomized controlled trial comparing a telemedicine therapeutic intervention with routine care in adults with type 1 diabetes mellitus treated by insulin pumps.
Efficacy and safety of canagliflozin by baseline HbA1c and known duration of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Impact of Canagliflozin Treatment on Health-Related Quality of Life among People with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Pooled Analysis of Patient-Reported Outcomes from Randomized Controlled Trials.
The interactive effects of type 2 diabetes mellitus and schizophrenia on all-cause mortality: The Fremantle Diabetes Study.
Inadequate Glycaemic Control and Therapeutic Management of Adults over 65 Years Old with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in Spain.
Analysis of Serum Endothelial Cell-Specific Molecule 1 (Endocan) Level in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus With Acute ST-Segment Elevation Myocardial Infarction and its Correlation: A Pilot Study.
Influence of cytokine status on insulin resistance and circulating endothelial progenitor cells in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Changes in cerebral metabolites in type 2 diabetes mellitus: A meta-analysis of proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy.
Prevalent diabetes mellitus in patients with heart failure and disease determinants in sub-Saharan Africans having diabetes with heart failure: a protocol for a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Regulation of testicular steroidogenesis by Foxa3 via transcriptional modulation of ERα signaling in type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM).
Plasma Lipoprotein-Associated Phospholipase A₂ Levels Correlated with the Cardio-Ankle Vascular Index in Long-Term Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Patients.
Evidence of heterogeneity in statin-associated type 2 diabetes mellitus risk: A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials and observational studies.
How Adequate are Macro- and Micronutrient Intake in Pregnant Women with Diabetes Mellitus? A Study from South India.
Evaluation of Glutathione Peroxidase and KCNJ11 Gene Polymorphisms in Patients with New Onset Diabetes Mellitus After Renal Transplantation.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of diagnosing gestational diabetes mellitus with one-step or two-step approaches and associations with adverse pregnancy outcomes.
MECHANISMS IN ENDOCRINOLOGY: Mechanisms and evaluation of bone fragility in type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Back to basics: congenital nephrogenic diabetes insipidus.
Diabetic myopathy: impact of diabetes mellitus on skeletal muscle progenitor cells.
Relationships of Sexual Dysfunction with Depression and Acceptance of Illness in Women and Men with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Diabetes and blindness in people with diabetes in Hungary.
Management of diabetes mellitus in infants.
Lithium-induced nephrogenic diabetes insipidus: new clinical and experimental findings.
Characteristics of patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus newly treated with GLP-1 receptor agonists (CHADIG Study): a cross-sectional multicentre study in Spain.
Obesity and its Association with Food Consumption, Diabetes Mellitus, and Acute Myocardial Infarction in the Elderly.
Relation of Post-Coronary Artery Bypass Graft Creatine Kinase-MB Elevations and New Q Waves With Long-Term Cardiovascular Death in Patients With Diabetes Mellitus and Multivessel Coronary Artery Disease.
An observational Prospective Study to Evaluate the Preoperative Risk Factors of New-onset Diabetes Mellitus after Renal Transplantation in a Tertiary Care Centre in Eastern India.
Circulating level of hepatocyte growth factor predicts incidence of type 2 diabetes mellitus: The Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis (MESA).
Efficacy and safety of empagliflozin in type 2 diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Salivary interleukin-17 and tumor necrosis factor-α in relation to periodontitis and glycemic status in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Angiogenic and Restorative Abilities of Human Mesenchymal Stem Cells Were Reduced Following Treatment With Serum From Diabetes Mellitus Type 2 Patients.
Platelet inhibition with ticagrelor versus clopidogrel in Hispanic patients with stable coronary artery disease with or without diabetes mellitus.
Prognostic impact of high residual platelet reactivity after chronic total occlusion percutaneous coronary intervention in patients with diabetes mellitus.
[Effects related to experiences of famine during early life on diabetes mellitus and impaired fasting glucose during adulthood].
Depressive symptoms and disorders in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Plants used to manage type II diabetes mellitus in selected districts of central Uganda.
Nursing consultation for people with diabetes mellitus: experience with an active methodology.
Atorvastatin prevents type 2 diabetes mellitus--an experimental study.
Relationships between chronic comorbidities and the atherosclerosis indicators ankle-brachial index and brachial-ankle pulse wave velocity in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Cystathionine γ-Lyase Is Involved in the Renoprotective Effect of Brief and Repeated Ischemic Postconditioning After Renal Ischemia/Reperfusion Injury in Diabetes Mellitus.
Decreased serum extracellular superoxide dismutase activity is associated with albuminuria in Chinese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Risk of disseminated intravascular coagulation in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: retrospective cohort study.
Bone mineral density and markers of bone turnover and inflammation in diabetes patients with or without a Charcot foot: An 8.5-year prospective case-control study.
The Effect of Diabetes Mellitus on Prognosis of Patients with Non-Small-Cell Lung Cancer: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Repurposing of FDA-Approved NSAIDs for DPP-4 Inhibition as an Alternative for Diabetes Mellitus Treatment: Computational and in Vitro Study.
Microvascular complications of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Associations between cytotoxic T-lymphocyte-associated antigen 4 gene polymorphisms and diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis of 76 case-control studies.
Continued administration of pembrolizumab for adenocarcinoma of the lung after the onset of fulminant type 1 diabetes mellitus as an immune-related adverse effect: A case report.
Study Protocol for the Initial Choice of DPP-4 Inhibitor in Japanese Patients with Type 2 diabetes Mellitus: Effect of Linagliptin on QOL (INTEL-QOL) Trial.
[The effect of hyper- and hypoglycaemia on cognition and development of dementia for patients with diabetes mellitus Type 2].
Cell- and tissue-specific epigenetic changes associated with chronic inflammation in insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
ICOS/ICOSL upregulation mediates inflammatory response and endothelial dysfunction in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Analysis of PTEN expression and promoter methylation in Uyghur patients with mild type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Differential effects of type 1 diabetes mellitus and subsequent osteoblastic β-catenin activation on trabecular and cortical bone in a mouse model.
Public knowledge, attitude and practice toward diabetes mellitus in Hail region, Saudi Arabia.
Comparisons of Visceral Adiposity Index, Body Shape Index, Body Mass Index and Waist Circumference and Their Associations with Diabetes Mellitus in Adults.
[INTERLEUKIN-1Β AND INTERLEUKIN-6 - A NEW MARKERS OF METABOLIC DISORDERS IN DIABETES MELLITUS TYPE 2].
Educational health disparities in hypertension and diabetes mellitus among African descent populations in the Caribbean and the USA: a comparative analysis from the Spanish town cohort (Jamaica) and the Jackson heart study (USA).
Bone morphogenetic protein-7 (BMP-7) augments insulin sensitivity in mice with type II diabetes mellitus by potentiating PI3K/AKT pathway.
Increasing Medical Adherence in Elderly With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Systematic Review.
Diabetes mellitus in children and adolescents with genetic syndromes.
Effect of Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) supplementation on cardiovascular markers in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
Diabetes insipidus caused by pituitary gland metastasis accompanied by iris metastasis of small cell lung cancer: case presentation and review of the literature.
Maternal dietary pattern characterised by high protein and low carbohydrate intake in pregnancy is associated with a higher risk of gestational diabetes mellitus in Chinese women: a prospective cohort study.
Dose Modification of Antidiabetic Agents in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Heart Failure.
Racial and ethnic disparities in healthcare use, delayed care, and management of diabetes mellitus in older adults in California.
Gestational diabetes mellitus and the predisposing factors.
Evaluation of salivary glucose, amylase, and total protein in Type 2 diabetes mellitus patients.
Study of the risk factors and complications of diabetes mellitus after live kidney donation.
ATP-dependent potassium channels and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Mineralocorticoid receptor blockade prevents vascular remodelling in a rodent model of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Undiagnosed diabetes mellitus in rural communities in Sudan: prevalence and risk factors.
Acute Kidney Injury in Severe Sepsis and Septic Shock in Patients with and without Diabetes Mellitus: A Multicenter Study.
[Comorbidity of diabetes mellitus and depression in the general population in Germany].
Rates and drivers of progression to pre-diabetes and diabetes mellitus among HIV-infected adults on antiretroviral therapy: a global systematic review and meta-analysis protocol.
Type 2 diabetes mellitus and the risk of falling into poverty: an observational study.
Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease is associated with an increased risk of heart block in hospitalized patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Plasminogen Activator Inhibitor Type-1 Tag Single-Nucleotide Polymorphisms in Patients with Diabetes Mellitus Type 2 and Diabetic Retinopathy.
Diabetes mellitus and optic atrophy: a study of Wolfram syndrome in the Lebanese population.
Uromodulin mRNA from Urinary Extracellular Vesicles Correlate to Kidney Function Decline in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Role of vitamin D in energy and bone metabolism in postmenopausal women with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A 6-month follow-up evaluation.
Evaluation of microvascular changes in the perifoveal vascular network using optical coherence tomography angiography (OCTA) in type I diabetes mellitus: a large scale prospective trial.
Blood pressure and fasting lipid changes after 24 weeks' treatment with vildagliptin: a pooled analysis in >2,000 previously drug-naïve patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Can HbA1c replace OGTT for the diagnosis of diabetes mellitus among Chinese patients with impaired fasting glucose?
Uncontrolled Diabetes Mellitus Has No Major Influence on the Platelet Transcriptome.
Adenosine signalling in diabetes mellitus--pathophysiology and therapeutic considerations.
Adherence to insulin pump treatment declines with increasing age in adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Poster 365 Traumatic Brain Injury Resulting from Pontine and Extrapontine Myelinolysis due to Acute Onset of Pregnancy Induced Diabetes Insipidus: A Case Report.
The risk, perceived and actual, of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus for mothers of preschool children in urban China.
Effect of poor glycaemic control on plasma levels and activity of protein C, protein S, and antithrombin III in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Everolimus-Eluting Versus Biolimus-Eluting Coronary Stent Implantation in Patients With and Without Diabetes Mellitus.
Autonomic and sensory ganglionopathy occurring in a patient with fulminant type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Multiple metal concentrations and gestational diabetes mellitus in Taiyuan, China.
[Predictive value of body mass index combined with waist circumference for new-onset nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus].
Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) - Diagnosis, Treatment and Follow-Up. Guideline of the DDG and DGGG (S3 Level, AWMF Registry Number 057/008, February 2018).
Clinical Features and Microvascular Complications Risk Factors of Early-onset Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
PRISMA-efficacy and safety of lixisenatide for type 2 diabetes mellitus: A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
The Effects of Novel Antidiabetic Drugs on Albuminuria in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials.
Hemoglobin A1c Has Suboptimal Performance to Diagnose and Monitor Diabetes Mellitus in Patients with Cirrhosis.
Gestational diabetes mellitus-right person, right treatment, right time?
[Impact of anti-diabetic therapy based on glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonists on the cardiovascular risk of patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus].
Hypoglycemic seizures and epilepsy in type I diabetes mellitus.
Protein Kinase CK2-A Putative Target for the Therapy of Diabetes Mellitus?
Blood group AB is protective factor for gestational diabetes mellitus: a prospective population-based study in Tianjin, China.
Second-line Glucose-Lowering Therapy in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Association of the muscle/fat mass ratio with insulin resistance in gestational diabetes mellitus.
Effects of a soybean nutrition bar on the postprandial blood glucose and lipid levels in patients with diabetes mellitus.
Renal experiences of bariatric surgery in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Depression among people with type 2 diabetes mellitus, US National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES), 2005-2012.
Diabetes mellitus and mortality from all-causes, cancer, cardiovascular and respiratory disease: evidence from the Health Survey for England and Scottish Health Survey cohorts.
Diabetes Self-Care Activities and Health-Related Quality-of-Life of individuals with Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus in Shantou, China.
Non-ICU hospital care of diabetes mellitus in the elderly population.
Prevalence of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Among Urban Bihari Communities in Dhaka, Bangladesh: A Cross-sectional Study in a Minor Ethnic Group.
Albiglutide for the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus: An integrated safety analysis of the HARMONY phase 3 trials.
A 4-week study assessing the pharmacokinetics, pharmacodynamics, safety, and tolerability of the glucagon receptor antagonist PF-06291874 administered as monotherapy in subjects with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Efficacy and safety of three-times-daily versus twice-daily biphasic insulin aspart 30 in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus inadequately controlled with basal insulin combined with oral antidiabetic drugs.
Observational studies with type 2 diabetes mellitus treatments in Spain: A systematic literature review.
Effect of diabetes mellitus on the quality and cytokine content of human semen.
Relation between low-density lipoprotein cholesterol/apolipoprotein B ratio and triglyceride-rich lipoproteins in patients with coronary artery disease and type 2 diabetes mellitus: a cross-sectional study.
Synthesis, α-glucosidase inhibitory activity and in silico study of tris-indole hybrid scaffold with oxadiazole ring: As potential leads for the management of type-II diabetes mellitus.
Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Glioblastoma Multiforme-Assessing Risk and Survival: Results of a Large Retrospective Study and Systematic Review of the Literature.
Correlation between subclinical hypothyroidism and renal function in patients with diabetes mellitus.
A randomised controlled study of the effect of cholinesterase inhibition on colon function in patients with diabetes mellitus and constipation.
Impact of type 2 diabetes mellitus on quality of life in people with diabetespresenting to a specialist diabetes clinic.
Positive Impact of Continuous-Flow Left Ventricular Assist Device Implantation on Glycemic Control in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Advanced Chronic Systolic Heart Failure.
Randomized trial assessing the safety and efficacy of sitagliptin in Chinese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus inadequately controlled on sulfonylurea alone or combined with metformin.
Prevalence of diagnosed and undiagnosed type 2 diabetes mellitus among US adolescents: results from the continuous NHANES, 1999-2010.
Predictors and prognostic impact of silent coronary artery disease in asymptomatic high-risk patients with diabetes mellitus.
Systemic Cytokines in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Chronic Periodontitis.
Diabetes mellitus is associated with increased bleeding in pulmonary embolism receiving conventional anticoagulant therapy: findings from a "real-world" study.
Heart rate variability in children with type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Altered Hippocampal White Matter Connectivity in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Memory Decrements.
Hospital readmission and emergency department use based on prescribing patterns in patients with severely uncontrolled type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Overtreatment of older patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus in primary care.
[Diabetes mellitus and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease: The verges of contingency].
The Effect of Individual and Neighbourhood Socioeconomic Status on Diabetes Mellitus Survival in Working Age Patients in Taiwan.
Transient elastography as a noninvasive assessment tool for hepatopathies of different etiology in pediatric type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Gastric stimulation in treatment in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
[The influence of two-month treatment with bromocryptine on activity of the adenylyl cyclase signaling system in the myocardium and testes of rats with type 2 diabetes mellitus].
Correlation of body muscle/fat ratio with insulin sensitivity using hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamp in treatment-naïve type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Chronic inflammatory disorders and risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus, coronary heart disease, and stroke: a population-based cohort study.
Gestational diabetes mellitus its association with obesity: a prospective cohort study.
A meta-analysis of receptor for advanced glycation end products gene: four well-evaluated polymorphisms with diabetes mellitus.
Readiness for diabetes prevention and barriers to lifestyle change in women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus: rationale and study design.
[Dyslipidemia in diabetes mellitus: diagnosis and treatment].
Comparison of CGM-Derived Measures of Glycemic Variability Between Pancreatogenic Diabetes and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Prevention of Diabetes Mellitus in Patients With Prediabetes.
Increased fracture risk in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: an overview of the underlying mechanisms and the usefulness of imaging modalities and fracture risk assessment tools.
Incidence of type 2 diabetes mellitus and prediabetes in Kerala, India: results from a 10-year prospective cohort.
Coprevalence of type 2 diabetes mellitus and tuberculosis in low-income and middle-income countries: A systematic review.
Basal insulin peglispro increases lipid oxidation, metabolic flexibility, thermogenesis and ketone bodies compared to insulin glargine in subjects with type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Diabetes mellitus in patients with thalassemia major.
Long term (>1 year) postpartum glucose tolerance status among Indian women with history of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) diagnosed by IADPSG criteria.
Prevalence of Diabetes Mellitus and Associated Factors in Southern Ethiopia: A Community Based Study.
Association of Social Support and Medication Adherence in Chinese Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Meal-induced platelet activation in diabetes mellitus type 1 or type 2 is related to postprandial insulin rather than glucose levels.
[Early onset diabetes mellitus].
Frequency and predictors of confirmed hypoglycaemia in type 1 and insulin-treated type 2 diabetes mellitus patients in a real-life setting: results from the DIALOG study.
The impact of patients' involvement in cooking on their mortality and morbidity: a 19-year follow-up of patients diagnosed with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Association of KCNJ11 rs5219 gene polymorphism with type 2 diabetes mellitus in a population of Syria: a case-control study.
Association between phthalate exposure and glycosylated hemoglobin, fasting glucose, and type 2 diabetes mellitus: A case-control study in China.
Visual complications in diabetes mellitus: beyond retinopathy.
Association of coagulation profile with microvascular complications and glycemic control in type 2 diabetes mellitus - a study at a tertiary care center in Delhi.
Prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus and associated factors among women attending antenatal care at Gondar town public health facilities, Northwest Ethiopia.
[Insulin therapy of type 2 diabetes mellitus (Update 2019)].
Effects of glucose-lowering on outcome incidence in diabetes mellitus and the modulating role of blood pressure and other clinical variables: overview, meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Treatments for diabetes mellitus type II: New perspectives regarding the possible role of calcium and cAMP interaction.
Prevalence, perception and factors associated with diabetes mellitus among the adult population in central Vietnam: a population-based, cross-sectional seroepidemiological survey.
Clinical Consequences of Diabetes Mellitus in Patients After Kidney Transplantation: A Paired Kidney Analysis.
Relationship Between Body Mass Index, Antidiabetic Agents, and Midterm Mortality in Patients With Both Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Acute Coronary Syndrome.
Impact of weight changes on the incidence of diabetes mellitus: a Korean nationwide cohort study.
[Follow-up of resting-state brain function with magnetic resonance imaging in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus].
Adenosine stress CMR T1-mapping detects early microvascular dysfunction in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus without obstructive coronary artery disease.
Effect of the Polyphenol Rich Ethyl Acetate Fraction from the Leaves of Lycium chinenseMill. on Oxidative Stress, Dyslipidemia, and Diabetes Mellitus in Streptozotocin-Nicotinamide Induced Diabetic Rats.
Cardiovascular event incidence and cost in type 2 diabetes mellitus: a Medicare claims-based actuarial analysis.
Abnormal subcortical nuclei shapes in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Efficacy of Diabetes Education in Adults With Diabetes Mellitus Type 2 in Primary Care: A Systematic Review.
Sodium-Glucose Cotransporter-2 Inhibition in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Review of Large-Scale Cardiovascular Outcome Studies and Possible Mechanisms of Benefit.
Heart failure and the prognostic impact and incidence of new-onset of diabetes mellitus: a nationwide cohort study.
Clinical usefulness of the body muscle-to-fat ratio for screening obstructive sleep apnea syndrome in patients with inadequately controlled type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Diabetes-related stigma affects the quality of life of people living with diabetes mellitus in Switzerland: implications for healthcare providers.
Diabetes mellitus in two genetically distinct populations in Jordan. A Comparison between Arabs and Circassians/Chechens Living with Diabetes.
[Nutrition in type 2 diabetes mellitus].
Adipsic diabetes insipidus following pituitary surgery for a macroprolactinoma.
[The changes in hormonal status of the cardiovascular and the thyroid systems in rats with 18-month type 2 diabetes mellitus].
Targeting Insulin-Degrading Enzyme to Treat Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Home-measured heart rate is associated with albuminuria in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a post-hoc analysis of a cross-sectional multicenter study.
Knowledge of diabetes mellitus among pregnant women in three districts of Nepal.
Coexistence of celiac disease & type 1 diabetes mellitus in children.
Comparison of the efficacy and safety of 10-mg empagliflozin every day versus every other day in Japanese patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: a pilot trial.
Early-stage Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Impairs Erectile Function and Neurite Outgrowth From the Major Pelvic Ganglion and Downregulates the Gene Expression of Neurotrophic Factors.
The effect of procyanidin on expression of STAT1 in type 2 diabetes mellitus SD rats with focal cerebral ischemia.
Hyperglycemia in non-obese patients with type 2 diabetes is associated with low muscle mass: The Multicenter Study for Clarifying Evidence for Sarcopenia in Patients with Diabetes Mellitus.
Molecular mechanism of the increased tissue uptake of trivalent inorganic arsenic in mice with type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Fragmented QRS complexes are associated with left ventricular dysfunction in patients with type-2 diabetes mellitus: a two-dimensional speckle tracking echocardiography study.
The associations of illness perception with metabolic control (HbA1c) among type 2 diabetes mellitus patients in a district hospital.
Reversibility of diabetes mellitus: Narrative review of the evidence.
Diabetes Mellitus as a Risk Factor for Acute Postoperative Complications Following Elective Adult Spinal Deformity Surgery.
Utilization of health resources in South Asian, Chinese and white patients with diabetes mellitus.
Factors associated with the glucose-lowering efficacy of sitagliptin in Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: Pooled analysis of Japanese clinical trials.
Insights into the Role of DNA Methylation and Protein Misfolding in Diabetes Mellitus.
Successful Management of New-Onset Diabetes Mellitus and Obesity With the Use of Laparoscopic Sleeve Gastrectomy After Kidney Transplantation-A Case Report.
Drug-Induced Diabetes Mellitus: Evidence for Statins and Other Drugs Affecting Glucose Metabolism.
Association of waist circumference with impaired six-minute walk in type 2 diabetes mellitus is independent of cardiac function.
Long-term prognosis in patients with type 1 and 2 diabetes mellitus after coronary artery bypass grafting.
Prospective clinical trial of hepatitis B vaccination in adults with and without type-2 diabetes mellitus.
Relation of mitochondrial oxygen consumption in peripheral blood mononuclear cells to vascular function in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Neurologic infections in diabetes mellitus.
Basal Insulin Regimens for Adults with Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus: A Cost-Utility Analysis.
Five-year outcomes of percutaneous versus surgical coronary revascularization in patients with diabetes mellitus (from the CREDO-Kyoto PCI/CABG Registry Cohort-2).
Diabetes empowerment scores among type 2 diabetes mellitus patients and its correlated factors: A cross-sectional study in a primary care setting in Malaysia.
Peripapillary Microvascular and Neural Changes in Diabetes Mellitus: An OCT-Angiography Study.
Efficacy and safety of otelixizumab use in new-onset type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Effect of diabetes mellitus on perioperative complications and hospital outcomes after ankle arthrodesis and total ankle arthroplasty.
Screening for Gestational Diabetes Mellitus by Measuring Glycated Hemoglobin Can Reduce the Use of the Glucose Challenge Test.
Insulin degludec/insulin aspart in Japanese patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus: Distinct prandial and basal glucose-lowering effects.
Clinical outcomes of deferred revascularisation using fractional flow reserve in patients with and without diabetes mellitus.
Type 2 diabetes mellitus is associated with altered CD8(+) T and natural killer cell function in pulmonary tuberculosis.
Update on Prevention of Cardiovascular Disease in Adults With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in Light of Recent Evidence: A Scientific Statement From the American Heart Association and the American Diabetes Association.
Metformin reduces ovarian cancer risk in Taiwanese women with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Self-knowledge of HbA1c in people with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and its association with glycaemic control.
Effects of type 2 diabetes mellitus on the pharmacokinetics of berberine in rats.
Correlative Light-Electron Microscopy detects lipopolysaccharide and its association with fibrin fibres in Parkinson's Disease, Alzheimer's Disease and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Retinal blood flow reduction after panretinal photocoagulation in Type 2 diabetes mellitus: Doppler optical coherence tomography flowmeter pilot study.
Predictors of poor glycaemic control in older patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
[Diabetes mellitus and periodontal disease].
Region-Specific Vulnerability to Oxidative Stress, Neuroinflammation, and Tau Hyperphosphorylation in Experimental Diabetes Mellitus Mice.
Metabolomic profile related to cardiovascular disease in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A pilot study.
Diabetes mellitus and sensorineural hearing loss: is there an association? Baseline of the Brazilian Longitudinal Study of Adult Health (ELSA-Brasil).
Adiposity, physical activity and risk of diabetes mellitus: prospective data from the population-based HUNT study, Norway.
Diabetes Mellitus is Associated With Higher Risk of Developing Decompensated Cirrhosis in Chronic Hepatitis C Patients.
Study Protocol for a Prospective, Multicenter, Randomized, Open-Label, Parallel-Group Clinical Trial Comparing the Efficacy and Safety of a Needle-Free Insulin Injector and a Conventional Insulin Pen in Controlling Blood Glucose Concentrations in Chinese Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (The FREE Study).
SGLT-2 Inhibitors in Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus: A Comprehensive Review of the Literature.
SGLT-2 Inhibitors and Cardiovascular Risk in Diabetes Mellitus: A Comprehensive and Critical Review of the Literature.
Diabetic peripheral neuropathy and prevalence of erectile dysfunction in Japanese patients aged <65 years with type 2 diabetes mellitus: The Dogo Study.
Text message-based intervention to improve treatment adherence among rural patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a qualitative study.
Functional status of immune cells in patients with long-lasting type 2 diabetes mellitus.
[Geriatric aspects for the management of diabetes mellitus (Update 2019)].
Screening for gestational diabetes mellitus in primary versus secondary care: The clinical outcomes of a randomised controlled trial.
The World Health Organization (WHO) versus The International Association of Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Group (IADPSG) diagnostic criteria of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and their associated maternal and neonatal outcomes.
Relationships of oxidized HDL with blood coagulation and fibrinolysis in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Alarming increase in HbA1c and near misdiagnosis of diabetes mellitus resulting from a clinical laboratory instrument upgrade and haemoglobin variant.
Cost-effectiveness analysis of dapagliflozin versus glimepiride as monotherapy in a Chinese population with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
First trimester glycosylated hemoglobin as a predictor of gestational diabetes mellitus.
Bioreactors addressing diabetes mellitus.
Economic costs of implementing group interventions to reduce diabetes distress in adults with type 1 diabetes mellitus in the T1-REDEEM trial.
Evaluation of abdominal aortic elasticity by strain rate imaging in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Thyroid autoimmunity and function among Ugandan children and adolescents with type-1 diabetes mellitus.
Effect of treatment with rosiglitazone on high-sensitivity cardiac troponin levels among patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Decreased Serum Thrombospondin-1 Levels in Pancreatic Cancer Patients Up to 24 Months Prior to Clinical Diagnosis: Association with Diabetes Mellitus.
Prevalence of metabolic syndrome and diabetes mellitus in Sami and Norwegian populations. The SAMINOR-a cross-sectional study.
Predictors of type 2 diabetes among Taiwanese women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus.
Achievement of national clinical practice recommendations among those in the Puerto Rican population with diabetes mellitus.
Diabetes mellitus is independently associated with more severe cognitive impairment in Parkinson disease.
Relationship between bullying and type 1 diabetes mellitus in children and adolescents: a systematic review.
The Certification of Fatalities Related to Diabetes Mellitus: A Shot in the Dark?
Delivery of antagomiR204-conjugated gold nanoparticles from PLGA sheets and its implication in promoting osseointegration of titanium implant in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Glycemic Variability and Vascular Complications in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Effects of the Selective Sodium-Glucose Cotransporter 2 Inhibitor Empagliflozin on Vascular Function and Central Hemodynamics in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
GLIS3 rs7020673 and rs10758593 polymorphisms interact in the susceptibility for type 1 diabetes mellitus.
[Patients' preferences in the medicamentous treatment of diabetes mellitus type 2: A systematic classification and meta-comparison of patient preference studies].
Self-reported Adherence to Medication among Patients with Type II Diabetes Mellitus attending a Tertiary Care Hospital of Delhi.
Clinical relevance of epigenetics in the onset and management of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Impact of structured self-monitoring of blood glucose on the quality of life of insulin-treated Chinese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: Results from the COMPASS study.
Culture characterization of the skin microbiome in Type 2 diabetes mellitus: A focus on the role of innate immunity.
Prevalence of abnormal serum liver enzymes in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a cross-sectional study from China.
Dental Health Status and Hygiene in Children and Adolescents with Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus.
[Prognostic value of glycemic variability in patients with decompensated chronic heart failure and diabetes mellitus].
Adherence to postpartum diabetes mellitus screening, do associated pregnancy complications make a difference?
Incidence and Outcomes of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Using the New International Association of Diabetes in Pregnancy Study Group Criteria in Hôpital Maisonneuve-Rosemont.
Using qualitative methods in developing an instrument to identify barriers to self-care among persons with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
A case of IgG4-related multifocal fibrosclerosis complicated by central diabetes insipidus.
Congenital nephrogenic diabetes insipidus: what can we learn from mouse models?
Fitness, Body Habitus, and the Risk of Incident Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in Korean Men.
Pharmaceutical care of elderly patients with poorly controlled   type 2 diabetes mellitus: a randomized controlled trial.
Beliefs about medicines and non-adherence in patients with stroke, diabetes mellitus and rheumatoid arthritis: a cross-sectional study in China.
Expression characteristics of proteins of IGF-1R, p-Akt, and survivin in papillary thyroid carcinoma patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Membranous nephropathy occurring with type 2 diabetes mellitus .
Telemedicine in the Management of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Ten-year hemoglobin A1c trajectories and outcomes in type 2 diabetes mellitus: The Diabetes & Aging Study.
Differentiation of Diabetes by Pathophysiology, Natural History, and Prognosis.
Glycemic control and use of A1c in primary care patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Association of Toll-like Receptor 4 Gene polymorphisms with susceptibility to type 2 diabetes mellitus in the Chinese population.
Role of ceramide in diabetes mellitus: evidence and mechanisms.
N-acetyltransferase-2 genotypes among Jordanian patients with diabetes mellitus.
Factors associated with breastfeeding to 3 months postpartum among women with type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus: An exploratory study.
Acute Endothelial Benefits of Fat Restriction over Carbohydrate Restriction in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: Beyond Carbs and Fats.
Bone quality assessment in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Environmental effects of ambient temperature and relative humidity on insulin pharmacodynamics in adults with type 1 diabetes mellitus.
New-Onset Diabetes Mellitus in Liver Transplant Recipients With Hepatitis C: Analysis of the National Database.
Effect of Canagliflozin on Urinary Albumin Excretion in Japanese Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Microalbuminuria: A Pilot Study.
Safety and Efficacy of High Versus Standard Starting Doses of Insulin Glargine in Overweight and Obese Chinese Individuals with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Inadequately Controlled on Oral Antidiabetic Medications (Beyond VII): Study Protocol for a Randomized Controlled Trial.
Concordance of glycaemic and cardiometabolic traits between Indian women with history of gestational diabetes mellitus and their spouses: an opportunity to target the household.
Intercellular Adhesion Molecule-1 Lys469Glu Polymorphism, Systemic Redox Homeostasis and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus in Pregnant Women.
Mortality rates and the causes of death related to diabetes mellitus in Shanghai Songjiang District: an 11-year retrospective analysis of death certificates.
Diabetes mellitus and abnormal glucose tolerance development after gestational diabetes: A three-year, prospective, randomized, clinical-based, Mediterranean lifestyle interventional study with parallel groups.
The Association of Cardio-Ankle Vascular Index and Ankle-Brachial Index with Macroangiopathy in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Myocardial Infarction Subtypes in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and the Effect of Liraglutide Therapy (from the LEADER Trial).
Serum folate predicts muscle strength: a pilot cross-sectional study of the association between serum vitamin levels and muscle strength and gait measures in patients >65 years old with diabetes mellitus in a primary care setting.
Increased dementia risk predominantly in diabetes mellitus rather than in hypertension or hyperlipidemia: a population-based cohort study.
Prevalence and Predictors of Diabetes Mellitus and Hypertension in Armenian Americans in Los Angeles.
Empagliflozin Treatment Is Associated With Improved β-Cell Function in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Prevalence and awareness of diabetes mellitus among a rural population in China: results from Liaoning Province.
Low frequency of toothbrushing practices is an independent risk factor for diabetes mellitus in male and dyslipidemia in female: A large-scale, 5-year cohort study in Japan.
Chitosan-microcapsulated insulin alleviates mesenteric microcirculation dysfunction via modulating COX-2 and VCAM-1 expression in rats with diabetes mellitus.
Obesity alters composition and diversity of the oral microbiota in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus independently of glycemic control.
Screening of circular RNAs and validation of circANKRD36 associated with inflammation in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Study and evaluation the impact of vitamin D receptor variants on the risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus in Han Chinese.
Association between carotid plaque characteristics and acute cerebral infarction determined by MRI in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Pulse wave analysis and diabetes mellitus. A systematic review.
Dietary pattern in pregnancy and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM).
Prevalence and risk factors of gestational diabetes mellitus in a population of pregnant women attending three health facilities in Limbe, Cameroon: a cross-sectional study.
microRNA-96 protects pancreatic β-cell function by targeting PAK1 in gestational diabetes mellitus.
Comparing the adverse clinical outcomes in patients with non-insulin treated type 2 diabetes mellitus and patients without type 2 diabetes mellitus following percutaneous coronary intervention: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Assessment of Peripheral Neuropathy Using Measurement of the Current Perception Threshold with the Neurometer® in patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus.
The Association Between the Levels of Thyroid Hormones and Peripheral Nerve Conduction in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Risk factors for the development of glucocorticoid-induced diabetes mellitus.
Effectiveness of Following Mediterranean Diet Recommendations in the Real World in the Incidence of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) and Adverse Maternal-Foetal Outcomes: A Prospective, Universal, Interventional Study with a Single Group. The St Carlos Study.
Correlation between Glycated Hemoglobin and Triglyceride Level in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Drug usage patterns and treatment costs in newly-diagnosed type 2 diabetes mellitus cases, 2007 vs 2012: findings from a large US healthcare claims database analysis.
Group VIA phospholipase A2 mediates enhanced macrophage migration in diabetes mellitus by increasing expression of nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate oxidase 4.
Clinical impact of acute hyperglycemia on development of diabetes mellitus in non-diabetic patients with acute myocardial infarction.
Smoking habits and type 2 diabetes mellitus in women.
Palmitic and Oleic Acid: The Yin and Yang of Fatty Acids in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
A case-control study: The association of serum paraoxonase 1 activity and concentration with the development of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
A cross-sectional survey to study the relationship of periodontal disease with cardiovascular disease, respiratory disease, and diabetes mellitus.
[Diabetes mellitus].
Harvesting experiential expertise to support safe driving for people with diabetes mellitus: a qualitative study evaluated by peers in a survey.
Differential impact of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus on breast reconstruction outcomes.
Long-term patient survival and kidney allograft survival in post-transplant diabetes mellitus: a single-center retrospective study.
Mood state as a blood glucose modulator in a patient with bipolar disorder and diabetes mellitus: A case report.
New insights on diabetes mellitus and obesity in Africa-Part 2: prevention, screening and economic burden.
Reduced size at birth and persisting reductions in adiposity in recent, compared with earlier, cohorts of infants born to mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus.
Genetic predisposition to gestational glucose metabolism and gestational diabetes mellitus risk in a Chinese population.
Psychosocial interventions for reducing diabetes distress in vulnerable people with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Improved Glycemic Control and Vascular Function and Reduction of Abdominal Fat Accumulation with Liraglutide in a Case of Werner Syndrome with Diabetes Mellitus.
Serum calcium changes and risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus in Asian population.
Evaluating Traditional Chinese Medicine and Herbal Products for the Treatment of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.
The application of chromatographic breath analysis in the search of volatile biomarkers of chronic kidney disease and coexisting type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Effect of Pitavastatin Compared with Atorvastatin andRosuvastatin on New-Onset Diabetes Mellitus in PatientsWith Acute Myocardial Infarction.
Prevalence, correlates and management of type 2 diabetes mellitus in Lebanon: findings from a national population-based study.
Translation and Validation of the Sinhalese Version of the Brief Medication Questionnaire in Patients with Diabetes Mellitus.
High baseline C-reactive protein levels predict partial type 2 diabetes mellitus remission after biliopancreatic diversion.
Association between circulating adipocytokine concentrations and microvascular complications in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A systematic review and meta-analysis of controlled cross-sectional studies.
Diabetes mellitus in patients with cirrhosis: clinical implications and management.
Television viewing time and risk of incident diabetes mellitus: the English Longitudinal Study of Ageing.
Baseline characteristics of the patient population in the Saxagliptin Assessment of Vascular Outcomes Recorded in patients with diabetes mellitus (SAVOR)-TIMI 53 trial.
Treatment outcomes in a cohort of Palestine refugees with diabetes mellitus followed through use of E-Health over 3 years in Jordan.
[The value of hemoglobin A1c for diagnosis of diabetes mellitus and other changes in carbohydrate metabolism in women with recent gestational diabetes mellitus].
Diabetes mellitus is an independent risk factor for colorectal cancer.
Ten-Year Mortality Trends for Adults with and without Diabetes Mellitus in South Korea, 2003 to 2013.
Circulating LECT2 levels in newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes mellitus and their association with metabolic parameters: An observational study.
Enhanced Oxidative Damage and Nrf2 Downregulation Contribute to the Aggravation of Periodontitis by Diabetes Mellitus.
Population-based cohort study of diabetes mellitus and mortality in gastric adenocarcinoma.
A case of transient diabetes insipidus following cardiopulmonary bypass.
Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus as a Risk Factor for Female Breast Cancer in the Population of Northern Pakistan.
Socioeconomic inequities and payment coping mechanisms used in the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus in Nigeria.
Renal posttransplantation diabetes mellitus: An overview.
Vascular and Endothelial Function in Youth with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Air pollution exposures and blood pressure variation in type-2 diabetes mellitus patients: A retrospective cohort study in China.
Inflammatory reaction in chronic periodontopathies in patients with diabetes mellitus. Histological and immunohistochemical study.
Meta-Analysis of Effects of Sodium-Glucose Cotransporter 2 Inhibitors on Cardiovascular Outcomes and All-Cause Mortality Among Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Variant rs2237892 of KCNQ1 Is Potentially Associated with Hypertension and Macrovascular Complications in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in A Chinese Han Population.
Lipid Status and Predisposing Genes in Patients with Diabetes Mellitus Type 1 from Various Ethnic Groups.
Comparison of the antidiabetic effects of linagliptin among groups with a normal renal function and a mild or severe renal impairment - retrospective observation study of Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
[Association of nt3434A&#8594;G Mutation in Mitochondrial DNA <i>ND</i>1 Gene with Diabetes Mellitus].
Aldosterone and myocardial extracellular matrix expansion in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Does farm environment protect against type 1 diabetes mellitus?
Association between visceral, cardiac and sensorimotor polyneuropathies in diabetes mellitus.
Gingival crevicular fluid adrenomedullin level in individuals with and without diabetes mellitus type 2.
Glucose effectiveness, but not insulin sensitivity, is improved after short-term interval training in individuals with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a controlled, randomised, crossover trial.
Persistent organic pollutants in early pregnancy and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus.
The Prevalence and Specificity of Depression Diagnosis in a Clinic-Based Population of Adults With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Diabetes Mellitus, a New Risk Factor for Lumbar Spinal Stenosis: A Case-Control Study.
"DIABETIC TAX" - Cost of Care among Persons with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in an Urban Underprivileged Area of Bengaluru.
Management of Diabetes Mellitus in Patients with Chronic Liver Diseases.
[Risks of diabetes mellitus and impaired glucose tolerance induced by intermittent versus continuous androgen-deprivation therapy for advanced prostate cancer].
Effects of supportive telephone counseling in the metabolic control of elderly people with diabetes mellitus.
Impact of health workforce availability on health care seeking behavior of patients with diabetes mellitus in China.
Post-partum plasma C-peptide and ghrelin concentrations are predictive of type 2 diabetes in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus.
Plant non-starch polysaccharides that inhibit key enzymes linked to type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Excessive daytime somnolence is associated with hypoglycemia in adult Latinos with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Type 2 diabetes mellitus correlates with systolic function during myocardial stress perfusion scanning with Nitrogen-13 ammonia PET.
Body mass index and mortality in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A prospective cohort study of 11,449 participants.
Comparison of Long-Term Survival Benefits With Cardiac Resynchronization Therapy in Patients With Mild Heart Failure With Versus Without Diabetes Mellitus (from the Multicenter Automatic Defibrillator Implantation Trial With Cardiac Resynchronization Therapy [MADIT-CRT]).
Immunoablation and autologous hematopoietic stem cell transplantation in the treatment of new-onset type 1 diabetes mellitus: long-term observations.
Association of glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonist use and rates of acute myocardial infarction, stroke and overall mortality in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus in a large integrated health system.
Lipoprotein (a) is not significantly associated with type 2 diabetes mellitus: cross-sectional study of 1604 cases and 7983 controls.
Evaluation and comparison of serum vitamin D and calcium levels in periodontally healthy, chronic gingivitis and chronic periodontitis in patients with and without diabetes mellitus - a cross-sectional study.
Diagnostic value of haemoglobin A<sub>1c</sub> in post-partum screening of women with gestational diabetes mellitus.
Prognostic Importance of C-Reactive Protein in High Cardiovascular Risk Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: The Rio de Janeiro Type 2 Diabetes Cohort Study.
[Diabetes insipidus: etiology, diagnosis, and therapy].
Prevalence, Awareness, and Risk Factors of Diabetic Retinopathy among Adults with Known Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in an Urban Community in China.
Obesity and type 1 diabetes mellitus management.
Utilization of International Association of Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups criteria vs. a two-step approach to screening for gestational diabetes mellitus in Chinese women with twin pregnancies.
Decline of insulin therapy and delays in insulin initiation in people with uncontrolled diabetes mellitus.
Liraglutide vs. sitagliptin add-on to metformin treatment for type 2 diabetes mellitus: Short-term cost-per-controlled patient in Italy.
Association between direct measurement of active serum calcium and risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus: A prospective study.
Genetic variants of nuclear factor erythroid-derived 2-like 2 associated with the complications in Han descents with type 2 diabetes mellitus of Northeast China.
Genetic and environmental factors affect the onset of type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Gut microbiota and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
The characteristic of cognitive function in Type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Agreement of Point-of-Care Capillary Glycated Hemoglobin Levels with Conventional Screening Tests for Diabetes Mellitus in a Canadian First Nations Population.
Influence of diabetes mellitus duration on the efficacy of ischemic preconditioning in a Zucker diabetic fatty rat model.
Association of Vitamin D Levels and type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in Asian Indians is Independent of Obesity.
Effect of non-surgical periodontal treatment on gingival crevicular fluid and serum leptin levels in periodontally healthy chronic periodontitis and chronic periodontitis patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Type 2 diabetes mellitus reduces clinical complications and mortality in Stanford type B aortic dissection after thoracic endovascular aortic repair: A 3-year follow-up study.
Association of Education and Smoking Status on Risk of Diabetes Mellitus: A Population-Based Nationwide Cross-Sectional Study.
Glycated haemoglobin A<sub>1c</sub> (HbA<sub>1c</sub>) for detection of diabetes mellitus and impaired fasting glucose in Malawi: a diagnostic accuracy study.
Adverse Oncologic Impact of New-Onset Diabetes Mellitus on Recurrence in Resected Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma: A Comparison With Long-standing and Non-Diabetes Mellitus Patients.
Diabetes mellitus is an independent prognostic factor for mid-term and long-term survival following transcatheter aortic valve implantation: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
New onset diabetes mellitus induced by statins: current evidence.
Low Carbohydrate-Diet Scores and Long-term Risk of Type 2 Diabetes Among Women With a History of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Prospective Cohort Study.
Different associations of diabetes with β-cell dysfunction and insulin resistance among obese and nonobese Chinese women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus.
Prevalence and clinical profile of metabolic syndrome among type 1 diabetes mellitus patients in southern India.
Diabetes mellitus secondary to treatment with immune checkpoint inhibitors.
Impact of Diabetes Mellitus on Ventricular Structure, Arterial Stiffness, and Pulsatile Hemodynamics in Heart Failure With Preserved Ejection Fraction.
The concept of low glycemic index and glycemic load foods as panacea for type 2 diabetes mellitus; prospects, challenges and solutions.
Prevention of type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: Potential of pharmacological agents.
Risk of epilepsy in type 1 diabetes mellitus: a population-based cohort study.
Effect of treatment guidance using a retrospective continuous glucose monitoring system on glycaemic control in outpatients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A randomized controlled trial.
Diabetes mellitus secondary to pancreatic diseases (Type 3c)--are we neglecting an important disease?
The Roles of 27 Genera of Human Gut Microbiota in Ischemic Heart Disease, Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus, and Their Risk Factors: A Mendelian Randomization Study.
GLP-1 Agonists in Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus.
Psychological distress and type 2 diabetes mellitus: a 4-year policemen cohort study in China.
The role of red blood cell deformability and Na,K-ATPase function in selected risk factors of cardiovascular diseases in humans: focus on hypertension, diabetes mellitus and hypercholesterolemia.
Diabetes risk in women with gestational diabetes mellitus and a history of polycystic ovary syndrome: a retrospective cohort study.
Cardiovascular disease prevention strategies for type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Circulating levels of cortistatin are correlated with metabolic parameters in patients with newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes mellitus.
The Relationship Between Brown Adipose Tissue Content in Supraclavicular Fat Depots and Insulin Sensitivity in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Prediabetes.
Association of type 2 diabetes susceptible genes GCKR, SLC30A8, and FTO polymorphisms with gestational diabetes mellitus risk: a meta-analysis.
Delayed small intestinal transit in patients with long-standing type 1 diabetes mellitus: investigation of the relationships with clinical features, gastric emptying, psychological distress, and nutritional parameters.
Poor glycemic control impacts heart rate variability in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a cross sectional study.
Impact of gestational diabetes mellitus and high maternal weight on the development of diabetes, hypertension and cardiovascular disease: a population-level analysis.
Underlying pathways for interferon risk to type II diabetes mellitus.
Laparoscopic Sleeve Gastrectomy for the Management of Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus.
The pre-mir-27a variant rs895819 may contribute to type 2 diabetes mellitus susceptibility in an Iranian cohort.
Granulomatous Insulitis as a Cause of Acute-Onset Insulin-Dependent Diabetes Mellitus in a Patient With a Pancreatic Endocrine Carcinoma.
[Analysis of dyslipidemia among patients with diabetes mellitus in Jilin Province communities].
Impact of disease-management programs on metabolic control in patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus: A cohort study in Shantou, China.
Type 2 diabetes mellitus management among Ghanaian migrants resident in three European countries and their compatriots in rural and urban Ghana - The RODAM study.
Diabetes Mellitus Heightens the Risk of Hepatocellular Carcinoma Except in Patients With Hepatitis C Cirrhosis.
Job Strain as a Risk Factor for Incident Diabetes Mellitus in Middle and Older Age U.S. Workers.
Autosomal dominant neurohypophyseal diabetes insipidus in two families. Molecular analysis of the vasopressin-neurophysin II gene and functional studies of three missense mutations.
Diabetes augments cognitive dysfunction in chronic cerebral hypoperfusion by increasing neuronal cell death: implication of cilostazol for diabetes mellitus-induced dementia.
Depressive symptoms and type 2 diabetes mellitus in rural appalachia: an 18-month follow-up study.
Hypercholesterolemia as the first manifestation of metabolic abnormalities in normoglycemic young adult male with family history of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Quality of life in subjects with type 2 diabetes mellitus with diabetic retinopathy: A case-control study.
The impact of telemedicine on patient self-management processes and clinical outcomes for patients with Types I or II Diabetes Mellitus in the United States: A scoping review.
Frailty predicts a higher risk of incident urolithiasis in 525 368 patients with diabetes mellitus: a population-based study.
Prevalence of diabetes mellitus in newly diagnosed pulmonary tuberculosis in Beira, Mozambique.
A Systematic Review of Cost-Effectiveness Models in Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus.
Effectiveness of laparoscopic Roux-en-Y gastric bypass on obese class I type 2 diabetes mellitus patients.
Healthcare Professionals' Perceptions of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Care in the Mediterranean Region.
Undiagnosed Diabetes Mellitus and Related Factors in East Gojjam (NW Ethiopia) in 2016: A Community-Based Study.
Depression, anxiety disorders, and metabolic syndrome in a population at risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Air pollution as a risk factor for depressive episode in patients with cardiovascular disease, diabetes mellitus, or asthma.
Association between famine exposure in early life and type 2 diabetes mellitus and hyperglycemia in adulthood: Results from the China Health And Retirement Longitudinal Study (CHARLS).
Statin Therapy: Diabetes Mellitus Risk and Cardiovascular Benefit in Primary Prevention.
The effects of vitamin D supplementation on hepatic dysfunction, vitamin D status, and glycemic control in children and adolescents with vitamin D deficiency and either type 1 or type 2 diabetes mellitus.
DPP-4 Inhibitors: Renoprotective Potential and Pharmacokinetics in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Patients with Renal Impairment.
Inverse association between habitual alcohol drinking and d-dimer in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Higher prevalence and earlier appearance of geriatric phenotypes in old adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Is the number of fast-food outlets in the neighbourhood related to screen-detected type 2 diabetes mellitus and associated risk factors?
Policies and clinical practices relating to the management of gestational diabetes mellitus in the public health sector, South Africa - a qualitative study.
Paclitaxel-eluting stents versus sirolimus-eluting stents in patients with diabetes mellitus undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
[Prevalence of arterial hypertension, diabetes mellitus, and adherence to behavioral measures in the city of São Paulo, Brazil, 2003-2015].
Prescription Patterns and the Cost of Antihyperglycemic Drugs in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in Germany.
Relevance of sodium/glucose cotransporter-1 (SGLT1) to diabetes mellitus and obesity in dogs.
Nephrogenic diabetes insipidus with dilatation of bilateral renal pelvis, ureter and bladder.
Association of the Dietary-Based Diabetes-Risk Score (DDS) with the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus in the Seguimiento Universidad de Navarra (SUN) project.
Efficacy and cost-effectiveness of a web-based intervention with mobile phone support to treat depressive symptoms in adults with diabetes mellitus type 1 and type 2: design of a randomised controlled trial.
Premorbid risk perception, lifestyle, adherence and coping strategies of people with diabetes mellitus: A phenomenological study in the Brong Ahafo Region of Ghana.
Hypertension with diabetes mellitus: physiology and pathology.
Incidence of diabetic ketoacidosis among patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus treated with SGLT2 inhibitors and other antihyperglycemic agents.
Incretin-based pharmacotherapy and risk of adverse pancreatic events in the ethnic Chinese with diabetes mellitus: A population-based study in Taiwan.
Correlation between circulating level of tumor necrosis factor-alpha and insulin resistance in Nigerian women with gestational diabetes mellitus.
Ghrelin in Serum and Urine of Post-Partum Women with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.
Disparities in diabetes mellitus among Caribbean populations: a scoping review.
Glycogenic hepatopathy as a cause of severe deranged liver enzymes in a young patient with type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Dietary vitamin and mineral intakes in a sample of pregnant women with either gestational diabetes or type 1 diabetes mellitus, assessed in comparison with Polish nutritional guidelines.
[Serum Uric Acid and Islet β-cell Function in Patients with Pre-diabetes and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus].
Hsa_circRNA_0054633 is highly expressed in gestational diabetes mellitus and closely related to glycosylation index.
Association of obesity and long-term mortality in patients with acute myocardial infarction with and without diabetes mellitus: results from the MONICA/KORA myocardial infarction registry.
Patterns of glycaemic control in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus initiating second-line therapy after metformin monotherapy: Retrospective data for 10 256 individuals from the United Kingdom and Germany.
Body mass index and cancer risk among Chinese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Possible association of the TERT promoter polymorphisms rs2735940, rs7712562 and rs2853669 with diabetes mellitus in obese elderly Polish population: results from the national PolSenior study.
Behavioral Programs for Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Systematic Review and Network Meta-analysis.
Characterization of thalassemia major and diabetes mellitus patients at a reference center in Brazil.
Natural Products Modulating Autophagy Pathway Against the Pathogenesis of Diabetes Mellitus.
Systemic expression of genes related to inflammation and lipid metabolism in patients with dyslipidemia, type 2 diabetes mellitus and chronic periodontitis.
Prognostication of clinical outcomes in diabetes mellitus: Emerging role of cardiac biomarkers.
Heart failure is associated with non-adherence to pharmacotherapy in elderly with type 2 diabetes mellitus in public health system Brazilians.
The importance of measurement of plasma fibrinogen level among patients with type- 2 diabetes mellitus.
Status and trends in the use of insulin analogs, insulin delivery systems and their association with glycemic control: comparison of the two consecutive recent cohorts of Japanese children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Left atrial appendage occlusion for stroke prevention in diabetes mellitus patients with atrial fibrillation: Long-term results.
Prevalence of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus among Urban Sikh Population of Amritsar.
Lifestyle interventions to reduce risk of diabetes among women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus.
Evaluation of the use of therapeutic footwear in people with diabetes mellitus - a scoping review.
Experimental transmission of systemic AA amyloidosis in autoimmune disease and type 2 diabetes mellitus model mice.
Kidney Injury Molecule Levels in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Patient-level predictors of achieving early glycaemic control in Type 2 diabetes mellitus: a population-based study.
Rationale, study design and methodology of the LANDMARC trial: a 3-year, pan-India, prospective, longitudinal study to assess management and real-world outcomes of diabetes mellitus.
Effects of Whole-Body Vibration in Older Adult Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Early screening for gestational diabetes mellitus is not associated with improved pregnancy outcomes: an observational study including 9795 women.
[Effect of vitamin D supplementation on gestational diabetes mellitus:a Meta-analysis].
Evaluation of trace and toxic elements in the samples of different cigarettes and their impact on human health of Irish diabetes mellitus patients.
Enhanced Platelet Sensitivity to IGF-1 in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Management of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus through Telemedicine.
Ultrastructural alterations of pancreatic beta cells in human diabetes mellitus.
Altered expression of SDF-1 and CXCR4 during fracture healing in diabetes mellitus.
Association between 28 single nucleotide polymorphisms and type 2 diabetes mellitus in the Kazakh population: a case-control study.
Nailfold capillaroscopy in diabetes mellitus.
Pharmacogenetics of Glucagon-like Peptide-1 Agonists for the Treatment of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Forty-Year Trends in Tooth Loss Among American Adults With and Without Diabetes Mellitus: An Age-Period-Cohort Analysis.
Biallelic RFX6 mutations can cause childhood as well as neonatal onset diabetes mellitus.
Differential proteome analysis of serum proteins associated with the development of type 2 diabetes mellitus in the KK-A(y) mouse model using the iTRAQ technique.
Periodontal treatment and HbA1c levels in subjects with diabetes mellitus.
Nonenzymatic Glycation and Degree of Mineralization Are Higher in Bone From Fractured Patients With Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus.
Cost-effectiveness of vildagliptin for people with type 2 diabetes mellitus in Brazil; findings and implications.
Inadequate Triglyceride Management Worsens the Durability of Dipeptidyl Peptidase-4 Inhibitor in Subjects with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Self-care competence in the case of Brazilian patients with diabetes mellitus in a multiprofessional educational programme.
Ileal interposition reduces blood glucose levels and decreases insulin resistance in a type 2 diabetes mellitus animal model by up-regulating glucagon-like peptide-1 and its receptor.
Sustaining Effect of Intensive Nutritional Intervention Combined with Health Education on Dietary Behavior and Plasma Glucose in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Patients.
Diabetes mellitus is associated with early chronic venous disorder of the lower extremities in Chinese patients with cardiometabolic risk factors.
Efficacy and safety of sitagliptin as compared with glimepiride in Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus aged ≥ 60 years (START-J trial).
Trends in prevalence of diabetes mellitus and mean fasting glucose in Portugal (1987-2009): a systematic review.
Organized Management of Diabetes Mellitus in Lung Transplantation: Study of Glycemic Control and Patient Survival in a Single Center.
Carbohydrate Estimation by a Mobile Phone-Based System Versus Self-Estimations of Individuals With Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus: A Comparative Study.
Differences in the Force-Interval. Relationship of Isolated Human Myocardium with Chronic Coronary Artery Diseasein Patients with and without Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and the Role of Ca²⁺-ATPase of Sarcoplasmic Reticulum.
Viral infections in type 1 diabetes mellitus--why the β cells?
The impact of diabetes mellitus on the clinical phenotype of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy.
Poor Sleep Quality Is Associated with a Higher Risk of Pulmonary tuberculosis in Patients with a Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Course for More than 5 Years.
[Has the pregnancy outcome of women with pregestational diabetes mellitus improved in ten years?].
Improving postpartum glucose screening after gestational diabetes mellitus: a cohort study to evaluate the multicentre IMPACT initiative.
Achievement of treatment goals with canagliflozin in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a pooled analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Sociodemographic patterning of long-term diabetes mellitus control following Japan's 3.11 triple disaster: a retrospective cohort study.
Development and performances of a Japanese quail line homozygous for the diabetes insipidus (di) mutation.
Cognitive Frailty in Older People with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: the Central Role of Hypoglycaemia and the Need for Prevention.
Evaluation of different obesity indices as predictors of type 2 diabetes mellitus in a Chinese population.
Insulin-Like Growth Factor Axis and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Longitudinal Study in a Multiracial Cohort.
Efficacy and safety of gemigliptin as add-on therapy to insulin, with or without metformin, in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (ZEUS II study).
Diabetes mellitus may worsen the prognosis in hepatocellular carcinoma patients undergoing curative microwave ablation.
Usefulness of Complement C1q to Predict 10-Year Mortality in Men With Diabetes Mellitus Referred for Coronary Angiography.
Diabetes mellitus does not negatively impact outcomes and satisfaction following unicompartmental knee arthroplasty in well-controlled disease.
Aspirin for primary prevention of cardiovascular outcomes in diabetes mellitus: An updated systematic review and meta-analysis.
Pulmonary Function and Retrobulbar Hemodynamics in Subjects With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Association of plasma fetuin-a levels with peripheral arterial disease and lower extremity arterial calcification in subjects with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Burden of diabetes mellitus and prediabetes in tribal population of India: a systematic review.
Immunomodulatory ECM-like Microspheres for Accelerated Bone Regeneration in Diabetes Mellitus.
Changing relative contribution of abdominal obesity and a family history of diabetes on prevalence of diabetes mellitus in Korean men and women aged 30-49 years from 2001 to 2010.
Diabetes Mellitus Management Among Patients with Limited English Proficiency: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
[Alterations in gene expression profiles in children with Type 2 diabetes mellitus and its mechanisms].
Insulin pumps use in Greece: efficacy and safety data from 140 patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Early (≤ 30 Days), Late (31-360 Days) and Very Late (> 360 Days) Stent Thrombosis in Patients with Insulin-Treated versus Non-Insulin-Treated Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Meta-Analysis.
Is a Previously or Currently Reduced Testosterone Level in Male Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus a Risk Factor for the Development of Coronary Artery Disease? A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.
The optimal blood pressure target in diabetes mellitus: a quest coming to an end?
Altered expression of COX-1, COX-2, and mPGES in rats with nephrogenic and central diabetes insipidus.
Evidence of left atrial remodeling and left ventricular diastolic dysfunction in type 2 diabetes mellitus with preserved systolic function.
Socioeconomic disparities in type 2 diabetes mellitus prevalence and self-management behaviors in rural southwest China.
The incidence risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus in female nurses: a nationwide matched cohort study.
Heart Transplant Outcomes in Patients With Pretransplant Diabetes Mellitus.
Vitamin D and glycemic control in diabetes mellitus type 2.
Trends in Mortality From Diabetes Mellitus in Spain: 1998-2013.
Association and interaction analysis of diabetes mellitus and <i>SCN10A</i> for cardiovascular autonomic neuropathy in a Chinese population.
Adherence to the recommended physical activity duration among Saudis with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Serum Lipids and Proliferative Diabetic Retinopathy and Macular Edema in Persons With Long-term Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus: The Wisconsin Epidemiologic Study of Diabetic Retinopathy.
New-onset type 2 diabetes mellitus among patients receiving HIV care at Newlands Clinic, Harare, Zimbabwe: retrospective cohort analysis.
Cardiovascular disease in diabetes mellitus: risk factors and medical therapy.
Higher parity is associated with increased risk of Type 2 diabetes mellitus in women: A linear dose-response meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Circulating chemerin levels and gestational diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Cardiovascular and all-cause mortality in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus in the MADIABETES Cohort Study: Association with chronic kidney disease.
What is the association between social capital and diabetes mellitus? A systematic review.
Polydatin ameliorates lipid and glucose metabolism in type 2 diabetes mellitus by downregulating proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 (PCSK9).
The Association of Transcription Factor 7 like 2 Gene Polymorphism with Diabetic Nephropathy in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Type 2 diabetes mellitus treatment patterns in U.S. nursing home residents.
Metformin Improves Insulin Sensitivity and Vascular Health in Youth With Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus.
The relationship between low maternal serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels and gestational diabetes mellitus according to the severity of 25-hydroxyvitamin D deficiency.
The better effect of Roux-en-Y gastrointestinal reconstruction on blood glucose of nonobese type 2 diabetes mellitus patients.
A COMMENTARY ON CLASSIFICATION OF DIABETES: LATENT AUTOIMMUNE DIABETES IN ADULTS (LADA) OR INTERMEDIARY DIABETES MELLITUS (IDM)?
Diabetes mellitus--a global pandemic. Keynote lecture presented at the Wonca conference in Prague in June 2013.
Cardiovascular risk in Gullah African Americans with high familial risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus: project SuGAR.
Testing Components of a Self-Management Theory in Adolescents With Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus.
Epidemiology of Diabetes Mellitus in Oman: Results from two decades of research.
Hypercalcemia and diabetes insipidus in a patient previously treated with lithium.
Effect of atorvastatin, cholesterol ester transfer protein inhibition, and diabetes mellitus on circulating proprotein subtilisin kexin type 9 and lipoprotein(a) levels in patients at high cardiovascular risk.
Variation of plantar pressure in Chinese diabetes mellitus.
Ketoacidosis with euglycemia in a patient with type 2 diabetes mellitus taking dapagliflozin: A case report.
Gene Variants Associated with Transient Neonatal Diabetes Mellitus in the Very Low Birth Weight Infant.
Survival among patients with pancreatic cancer and long-standing or recent-onset diabetes mellitus.
The incidence of mild and severe hypoglycaemia in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus treated with sulfonylureas: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Insulin secretagogues for prevention or delay of type 2 diabetes mellitus and its associated complications in persons at increased risk for the development of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
[Urinary iodine concentration in adult patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus].
[Efficacy of nasal CPAP and aerobic exercise of different intensity in patients with obstructive sleep apnea hypopnea syndrome and type 2 diabetes mellitus].
Relationships between Body Composition and Plasma Levels of Pancreatic, Gut, and Adipose Tissue Hormones in db/db Mice, a Model of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Identification of Novel <i>CXCL12</i> Genetic Polymorphisms Associated with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Chinese Sib-Pair Study.
Sodium Butyrate Improves Liver Glycogen Metabolism in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Vardenafil and cilostazol can improve vascular reactivity in rats with diabetes mellitus and rheumatoid arthritis co-morbidity.
Developing a case definition for type 1 diabetes mellitus in a primary care electronic medical record database: an exploratory study.
Vitamin B status in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus with and without incipient nephropathy.
Serum angiopoietin-2 is associated with angiopathy in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Excessive Neutrophil Activity in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: Could It Contribute to the Development of Preeclampsia?
Vitamin D receptor gene polymorphisms and type 1 diabetes mellitus in a Korean population.
Comparison of the effects of intensive insulin treatment modalities on cardiovascular biomarkers in type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Association between numbers of decayed teeth and HbA1c in Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Effectiveness of a 12-week school-based educational preventive programme on weight and fasting blood glucose in "at-risk" adolescents of type 2 diabetes mellitus: Randomized controlled trial.
Transient central diabetes insipidus followed by pituitary apoplexy treated in a conservative way.
Effects of two different doses of epidural steroid on blood glucose levels and pain control in patients with diabetes mellitus.
Comparison of antidiabetic drugs added to sulfonylurea monotherapy in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A network meta-analysis.
Hypoglycemia is associated with dementia in elderly patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: An analysis based on the Korea National Diabetes Program Cohort.
Bilateral cataracts as the first manifestation of type 1 diabetes mellitus: A case report.
Magnitude Squared Coherence Method based on Weighted Canonical Correlation Analysis for EEG Synchronization Analysis in Amnesic Mild Cognitive Impairment of Diabetes Mellitus.
Intravenous Ferric Carboxymaltose in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Iron Deficiency: CLEVER Trial Study Design and Protocol.
Is A Healthy Diet Associated with Lower Anthropometric and Glycemic Alterations in Predisposed Children Born from Mothers with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus?
Prevalence of Diabetes Mellitus in Patients with Chronic Kidney Disease.
Effect of Intensive Blood Pressure Lowering on Left Ventricular Hypertrophy in Patients With Diabetes Mellitus: Action to Control Cardiovascular Risk in Diabetes Blood Pressure Trial.
Management of Pregnant Women with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and the Consequences of Fetal Programming in Their Offspring.
Effect of patient characteristics on medication adherence among patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a cross-sectional survey.
Effect of Sodium Glucose Co-Transporter-2 Inhibition on the Aldosterone/Renin Ratio in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
A Selective Role of Dietary Anthocyanins and Flavan-3-ols in Reducing the Risk of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Review of Recent Evidence.
Reducing Risk for Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) Through a Preconception Counseling Program for American Indian/Alaska Native Girls: Perceptions From Women With Type 2 Diabetes or a History of GDM.
Impact of different dietary approaches on blood lipid control in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Mechanism of Glucagon-Like Peptide 1 Improvements in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Obesity.
Decreased placental and muscular expression of the fibroblast growth factor 19 in gestational diabetes mellitus.
Retinal microvascular calibre and risk of diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and participant-level meta-analysis.
Retinal Capillary Rarefaction in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
The association between single nucleotide polymorphisms of the Apelin gene and diabetes mellitus in a Chinese population.
Chromosome 18q deletion syndrome with autoimmune diabetes mellitus: putative genomic loci for autoimmunity and immunodeficiency.
Association of CTLA-4 gene 49A/G polymorphism with the incidence of type 1 diabetes mellitus in the Iranian Kurdish population.
Short-term effects of continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion therapy in perioperative patients with diabetes mellitus.
Management and quality indicators of diabetes mellitus in people with intellectual disabilities.
Gestational diabetes mellitus: Confusion among medical doctors caused by multiple international criteria.
Assessment guidance of carbohydrate counting method in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
[DIAGNOSTIC MARKERS FOR CHRONIC PANCREATITIS IN PATIENTS WITH TYPE 2 DIABETES MELLITUS WITH DIFFERENT PHENOTYPE].
Nuclear Magnetic Resonance-Assisted Metabolic Analysis of Plasma for Mild Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Patients.
Type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus and risk of acute kidney injury after coronary artery bypass grafting.
Prediction of individual life-years gained without cardiovascular events from lipid, blood pressure, glucose, and aspirin treatment based on data of more than 500 000 patients with Type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Commentary: Diagnostic Validity and Clinical Utility of HbA1c Tests for Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Pharmacotherapy of Children and Adolescents with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Risk of microangiopathy in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients with or without chronic hepatitis C: Results of a retrospective long-term controlled cohort study.
Efficacy and acceptability of very low energy diets in overweight and obese people with Type 2 diabetes mellitus: a systematic review with meta-analyses.
Randomized controlled feasibility trial of supported self-management in adults with Type 2 diabetes mellitus and an intellectual disability: OK Diabetes.
The Impact of a Cultural Lifestyle Intervention on Metabolic Parameters After Gestational Diabetes Mellitus A Randomized Controlled Trial.
Diabetes Mellitus in Saudi Arabia: A Review of the Recent Literature.
Vitamin D deficiency--prognostic marker or mortality risk factor in end stage renal disease patients with diabetes mellitus treated with hemodialysis--a prospective multicenter study.
Prevalence, Pathophysiology, and Management of Androgen Deficiency in Men with Metabolic Syndrome, Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus, or Both.
Impact of Information Technology-Based Interventions for Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus on Glycemic Control: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Metabolic syndrome, hypertension, and diabetes mellitus after gastric banding: the role of aging and of duration of obesity.
Diabetes risk score in the United Arab Emirates: a screening tool for the early detection of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Effect of n-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Supplementation on Metabolic and Inflammatory Biomarkers in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Patients.
Utility estimates for patients with Type 2 diabetes mellitus after experiencing a myocardial infarction or stroke: a systematic review.
Plasma levels of the proprotein convertase furin and incidence of diabetes and mortality.
Sex-dependent effects of diabetes mellitus on the revascularization rate in mid-term follow up of young patients with coronary artery disease.
Utilising a milk-based meal replacement programme in a bariatric patient with poorly controlled type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Multivariate Prediction Equations for HbA<sub>1c</sub> Lowering, Weight Change, and Hypoglycemic Events Associated with Insulin Rescue Medication in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: Informing Economic Modeling.
Assessment of type II diabetes mellitus using irregularly sampled measurements with missing data.
The prevalence and characteristics of latent autoimmune diabetes in adults subset among type two diabetes mellitus patients in Northern Nigeria.
Association of Oxidative Stress and Obesity with Insulin Resistance in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Bipolar disorders, type 2 diabetes mellitus, and the brain.
A randomized, placebo-controlled study of the cardiovascular safety of the once-weekly DPP-4 inhibitor omarigliptin in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Vitamin D deficiency increases risk of nephropathy and cardiovascular diseases in Type 2 diabetes mellitus patients.
Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) diagnosis, therapy and follow-up care: Practice Guideline of the German Diabetes Association(DDG) and the German Association for Gynaecologyand Obstetrics (DGGG).
Molecular regulation of the renin-angiotensin system by sodium-glucose cotransporter 2 inhibition in type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Dietary patterns as a red flag for higher risk of eating disorders among female teenagers with and without type I diabetes mellitus : Adolescents with type I diabetes mellitus are a risk factor for eating disorders: a case-control study.
Renal morphology in cats with diabetes mellitus.
Time in range and HbA<sub>1C</sub> after 6 months with a multidisciplinary program for children and adolescents with diabetes mellitus, real world data from Mexico City.
Thyroid Dysfunction and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: Screening Strategies and Implications for Management.
Prevention of type 2 diabetes among women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus.
Early transition from insulin to sulfonylureas in neonatal diabetes and follow-up: Experience from China.
[Gestational diabetes mellitus].
Loss of microRNA-145 expression is involved in the development and prognosis of breast cancer complicated by type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Statistical Study of Dental Changes in Patients Diagnosed with Diabetes Mellitus.
Association of reduced glyoxalase 1 activity and painful peripheral diabetic neuropathy in type 1 and 2 diabetes mellitus patients.
Mauriac Syndrome: A Rare Complication of Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus.
Synergistic increase in cardiovascular risk in diabetes mellitus with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease: a meta-analysis.
Intensive systolic blood pressure control and incident chronic kidney disease in people with and without diabetes mellitus: secondary analyses of two randomised controlled trials.
Diabetes mellitus and its impact on long-term outcomes after coronary artery bypass graft surgery.
Cardiovascular disease prevalence in patients with inflammatory arthritis, diabetes mellitus and osteoarthritis: a cross-sectional study in primary care.
Association between diabetic ketoacidosis hospitalizations and driving distance to outpatient diabetes centres in adults with type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Written reflection in an eHealth intervention for adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a qualitative study.
Risk Factors for Failure of Direct Current Cardioversion in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Atrial Fibrillation.
Comorbidities and Ethnocultural Factors Limit the Physical Activity of Rural Sri Lankan Patients with Diabetes Mellitus.
Diabetes mellitus prevention.
sFasL-mediated induction of neutrophil activation in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Multiple genetic variations confer risks for obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus in arab descendants from UAE.
Prolonged survival in patients with lung cancer with diabetes mellitus.
Synaptosomal and mitochondrial oxidative damage followed by behavioral impairments in streptozotocin induced diabetes mellitus: restoration by Malvastrum tricuspidatum.
DPP-4 Inhibitors as Treatments for Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Inequalities in glycaemic control, hypoglycaemia and diabetic ketoacidosis according to socio-economic status and area-level deprivation in Type 1 diabetes mellitus: a systematic review.
Safety, tolerability and efficacy of lixisenatide as monotherapy in Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: An open-label, multicenter study.
Self-efficacy, self-care and glycemic control in Saudi Arabian patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A cross-sectional survey.
Anti-diabetic agents for prevention of type 2 diabetes mellitus in people with pre-diabetes: a systematic review and network meta-analysis protocol.
Remission of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus after Bariatric Surgery: Fact or Fiction?
SGLT-2 inhibitors in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A systematic review.
Effect of astaxanthin on metabolic cataract in rats with type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Perioperative Outcomes of Roux-en-Y Gastric Bypass and Sleeve Gastrectomy in Patients with Diabetes Mellitus: an Analysis of the Metabolic and Bariatric Surgery Accreditation and Quality Improvement Program (MBSAQIP) Database.
Improving cardiometabolic and mental health in women with gestational diabetes mellitus and their offspring: study protocol for <i>MySweetHeart Trial</i>, a randomised controlled trial.
Aldosterone, Renin, and Diabetes Mellitus in African Americans: The Jackson Heart Study.
Simultaneous Pancreas and Kidney Transplantation-Is It a Treatment Option for Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus? An Analysis of the International Pancreas Transplant Registry.
The mTOR Signaling Pathway in Myocardial Dysfunction in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Evaluating the costs of glycemic response with canagliflozin versus dapagliflozin and empagliflozin as add-on to metformin in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus in the United Arab Emirates.
Safety and Efficacy of Incretin-Based Therapies in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and CKD: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.
Gingival crevicular fluid levels of human beta-defensin-1 in type 2 diabetes mellitus and periodontitis.
Non-dioxin-like polychlorinated biphenyls in early pregnancy and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus.
Estimation of magnesium level in type 2 diabetes mellitus and its correlation with HbA1c level.
Correlation between plasma ferritin level and gestational diabetes mellitus and its impact on fetal macrosomia.
Effect of Exendin-4 on Autophagy Clearance in Beta Cell of Rats with Tacrolimus-induced Diabetes Mellitus.
[PERIOPERATIVE MANAGEMENT OF PATIENTS WITH DIABETES MELLITUS.]
Epidemiology of Diabetes Mellitus among 193,435 Cats Attending Primary-Care Veterinary Practices in England.
Diabetes Mellitus and Risk of Bronchopleural Fistula After Pulmonary Resections: A Meta-Analysis.
Prevalence of overweight, obesity and metabolic syndrome components in children, adolescents and young adults with type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Reduced muscle mass and accumulation of visceral fat are independently associated with increased arterial stiffness in postmenopausal women with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Role of telomeres and associated maintenance genes in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A review.
Neurogenic diabetes insipidus presenting in a patient with subacute liver failure: a case report.
[A case of sarcoidosis with diabetes insipidus].
Vitamin supplements in type 2 diabetes mellitus management: A review.
Diagnosis of diabetes mellitus using HbA1c in Asians: relationship between HbA1c and retinopathy in a multiethnic Asian population.
High prevalence of diabetes mellitus in a five-generation Chinese family with Huntington's disease.
Mobile Phone Applications for Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: Appraisal and Perspectives.
Inverse relation between fruit and vegetable intake and the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus.
Interactive role of diabetes mellitus and female sex in the risk of cholangiocarcinoma: A population-based nested case-control study.
Waist circumference trajectories and risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus in Korean population: the Korean genome and epidemiology study (KoGES).
Factors associated with glycemic control in community-dwelling elderly individuals with type 2 diabetes mellitus in Zhejiang, China: a cross-sectional study.
Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Is Associated with the Risk of Cognitive Impairment: a Meta-Analysis.
Altered erythrocyte morphology in Mexican adults with prediabetes and type 2 diabetes mellitus evaluated by scanning electron microscope.
Prevalence of celiac disease in omani children with type 1 diabetes mellitus: a cross sectional study.
Predictors of low diabetes risk perception in a multi-ethnic cohort of women with gestational diabetes mellitus.
Association between Von Willebrand factor, disintegrin and metalloproteinase with thrombospondin type 1 motif member 13, d-Dimer and cystatin C levels with retinopathy in type 1 diabetes mellitus.
The efficiency of telemedicine to optimize metabolic control in patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus: Telemed study.
Type 2 diabetes mellitus in children and adolescents.
The predictors of recovery from diabetes mellitus following neurosurgical treatment of acromegaly: A prospective study over a decade.
Current perspective on the role of insulin and glucagon in the pathogenesis and treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Comparative effectiveness and safety of antiplatelet drugs in patients with diabetes mellitus and acute coronary syndrome.
Spine-Hip Thickness Difference Measured by Dual-Energy X-ray Absorptiometry Is Associated With Diabetes Mellitus in Women and Men.
Assessing the trend of diabetes mellitus by analyzing metformin as a biomarker in wastewater.
Vanadium compounds for the treatment of human diabetes mellitus: A scientific curiosity? A review of thirty years of research.
Effects of mineralocorticoid receptor antagonists in patients with hypertension and diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of smoking and its cessation on creatinine- and cystatin C-based estimated glomerular filtration rates and albuminuria in male patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: the Fukuoka Diabetes Registry.
[A new conceptual approach for searching for molecular causes of diabetes mellitus, based on the study of functioning of hormonal signaling systems].
Autonomic nervous system function assessed by conventional and spectral analysis might be useful in terms of predicting retinal deterioration in persons with type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Leptin but not adiponectin is related to type 2 diabetes mellitus in obese adolescents.
Inability of Turbidimetry Method in Detecting Glycated Hemoglobin to Select Diabetes Mellitus Patients According to Their Concentrations of Blood Glucose Levels.
High calorie intake is associated with worsening insulin resistance and β-cell function in Hispanic women after gestational diabetes mellitus.
First-line renin-angiotensin system inhibitors vs. other first-line antihypertensive drug classes in hypertensive patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Adiponectin gene polymorphisms as a predictor for development of type 2 diabetes mellitus in Iraqi population.
The Association Between Endocan Levels and Subclinical Atherosclerosis in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Complications of diabetes insipidus: the significance headache.
The relationship between vitamin D status and cardiac autonomic neuropathy in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Serum Proenkephalin A Levels and Mortality After Long-Term Follow-Up in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (ZODIAC-32).
The FOXO1 Gene-Obesity Interaction Increases the Risk of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in a Chinese Han Population.
Risk factors and predictors of uncontrolled hyperglycemia and diabetic ketoacidosis in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus in Jeddah, western Saudi Arabia.
Diabetes Mellitus as the Presenting Feature of Friedreich's Ataxia.
Efficacy and safety of the second generation basal insulin analogs in type 2 diabetes mellitus: A critical appraisal.
Regulation of glucose metabolism by bioactive phytochemicals for the management of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Self-assembling lisofylline-fatty acid conjugate for effective treatment of diabetes mellitus.
Intranasal Administration of Insulin and Gangliosides Improves Spatial Memory in Rats with Neonatal Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
A systematic review and meta-analysis: Vinegar consumption on glycaemic control in adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Benefits of modest weight loss on the management of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Association between periodontal disease and gestational diabetes mellitus-A prospective cohort study.
Diabetes mellitus and cognitive functioning in a Serbian sample.
Effect of photodynamic therapy as an adjuvant to non-surgical periodontal therapy: Periodontal and metabolic evaluation in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Gastric emptying of solids and its relationship with microalbuminuria in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Association between socioeconomic status and metabolic control and diabetes complications: a cross-sectional nationwide study in Chinese adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Associations between non-traditional lipid measures and risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus in a Chinese community population: a cross-sectional study.
Increasing trend in emergency department visits for hypoglycemia from patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus in Taiwan.
Risk of hypoglycemia in hospitalized patients with diabetes mellitus.
[DIABDEM project: A pilot study of prevalence of cognitive impairment in diabetes mellitus in 2 Hispanic countries].
Does Parkinson's disease and type-2 diabetes mellitus present common pathophysiological mechanisms and treatments?
Molecular biology of hereditary diabetes insipidus.
Total and subtypes of dietary fat intake and risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus in the Prevención con Dieta Mediterránea (PREDIMED) study.
Effect of exercise on the quality of life in type 2 diabetes mellitus: a systematic review.
Efficacy of SGLT2 Inhibitors as the Fifth Drug in the Management of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in Asian Indians not Controlled with at least 4 Oral Antidiabetic Drugs.
A simple model to predict risk of gestational diabetes mellitus from 8 to 20 weeks of gestation in Chinese women.
[Checkpoint inhibitor induced diabetes mellitus].
[Use of Flash Glucose Monitoring during the Perioperative Period of Cardiac Surgery in a Patient with Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus].
Diabetes mellitus is associated with increased mortality during tuberculosis treatment: a prospective cohort study among tuberculosis patients in South-Eastern Amahra Region, Ethiopia.
High frequency of hypoglycaemia in patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus attending a tertiary diabetes clinic in Durban, South Africa.
AKAP150 contributes to enhanced vascular tone by facilitating large-conductance Ca2+-activated K+ channel remodeling in hyperglycemia and diabetes mellitus.
Association of Single Nucleotide Polymorphisms of Adiponectin Gene with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus, and Their Influence on Cardiovascular Risk Markers.
Tear Film and Ocular Surface Evaluation in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.
Galectin-3 is independently associated with progression of nephropathy in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
An elderly patient with sarcoidosis manifesting panhypopituitarism with central diabetes insipidus.
Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Is Associated with More Serious Small Intestinal Mucosal Injuries.
Blunted glucagon but not epinephrine responses to hypoglycemia occurs in youth with less than 1 yr duration of type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Economic evaluations of pharmacist-managed services in people with diabetes mellitus: a systematic review.
Apical Periodontitis and Endodontic Treatment in Patients with Type II Diabetes Mellitus: Comparative Cross-sectional Survey.
The Utility of Brief Cognitive Tests for Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Systematic Review.
Interaction between diabetes mellitus and hypertension on risk of hearing loss in highly endogamous population.
Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus: Pediatric Team-Based Learning Module.
Pattern of dyslipidaemia and impact of increasing age and duration of type 2 diabetes mellitus on dyslipidaemia, insulin levels and insulin resistance.
Psychiatric referral and glycemic control of Egyptian type 2 diabetes mellitus patients with depression.
Association between statin treatment and new-onset diabetes mellitus: a population based case-control study.
Quantitation of serum 25(OH)D2 and 25(OH)D3 concentrations by liquid chromatography tandem mass spectrometry in patients with diabetes mellitus.
Multiple Glycation Sites in Blood Plasma Proteins as an Integrated Biomarker of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Association between blood microbiome and type 2 diabetes mellitus: A nested case-control study.
Blood pressure control and impact on cardiovascular events in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A critical analysis of the literature.
Endurance training alters YKL40, PERM1, and HSP70 skeletal muscle protein contents in men with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
[Diabetes mellitus: Definition, classification and diagnosis].
Acatalasemia and diabetes mellitus.
Interleukin-18 gene polymorphism and risk of CVD in older patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Risk of mortality associated to chronic kidney disease in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a 13-year follow-up.
New-onset diabetes mellitus after living-donor liver transplantation: association with graft synthetic function.
Metabolic Risk Factors of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Correlated Glycemic Control/Complications: A Cross-Sectional Study between Rural and Urban Uygur Residents in Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region.
Increased GABA concentrations in type 2 diabetes mellitus are related to lower cognitive functioning.
Nutritional composition of Stevia rebaudiana, a sweet herb, and its hypoglycaemic and hypolipidaemic effect on patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.
Real life treatment of diabetes mellitus type 2 patients: an analysis based on a large sample of 394,828 German patients.
Relationship between Diabetes Mellitus and Coronary Heart Disease.
Traditional plants used for the treatment of diabetes mellitus in Sursagar constituency, Jodhpur, Rajasthan - An ethnomedicinal survey.
Does preoperative diabetes mellitus affect weight loss outcome after biliopancreatic diversion with duodenal switch?
A Review of Emerging Technologies for the Management of Diabetes Mellitus.
Computed Tomographic Angiography of the Pancreas in Cats with Chronic Diabetes Mellitus Compared to Normal Cats.
Acquired nephrogenic diabetes insipidus in a dog with leptospirosis.
Significant disparities in risks of diabetes mellitus and metabolic syndrome among chronic hepatitis C virus patients in the U.S.
Nanotechnology Advanced Strategies for the Management of Diabetes Mellitus.
Role of fibroblast growth factor 21 in gestational diabetes mellitus: A mini-review.
Association of protein tyrosine phosphatase non-receptor type 22 gene functional variant C1858T, HLA-DQ/DR genotypes and autoantibodies with susceptibility to type-1 diabetes mellitus in Kuwaiti Arabs.
Efficacy and safety of dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitors in the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus patients with moderate to severe renal impairment: a meta-analysis.
Pancreas Transplantation at a Single Latin-American Center; Overall Results with Type 1 and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Diabetes insipidus with deficient thirst: report of a patient and review of the literature.
The Initial Oral Microbiota of Neonates Among Subjects With Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.
Study of association of serum uric acid with albuminuria and carotid atherosclerosis in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients.
Implications of resistin in type 2 diabetes mellitus and coronary artery disease: Impairing insulin function and inducing pro-inflammatory cytokines.
Type 1 diabetes mellitus: can coaching improve health outcomes?
Trace elements in early phase type 2 diabetes mellitus-A population-based study. The HUNT study in Norway.
