The effect of intradermal microdosing of a transient receptor potential cation channel subfamily V member 1 antagonist on heat evoked pain and thermal thresholds in normal and ultraviolet-C exposed skin in healthy volunteers.
Association between systemic activity ındex and dry eye severity in patients with primary Sjögren syndrome.
Pediatric primary Sjögren syndrome presenting with bilateral ranulas: A case report and systematic review of the literature.
Sjögren syndrome-related plasma cell disorder and multifocal nodular AL amyloidosis: clinical picture and pathological findings.
Neurodegeneration in an adolescent with Sjogren-Larsson syndrome: a decade-long follow-up case report.
Unusual presentation Of Sjögren-associated neuropathy with plasma cell-rich infiltrate.
Virtual Touch Quantification of the Salivary Glands for Diagnosis of Primary Sjögren Syndrome.
[Sjögren-Larsson syndrome: Pediatric case report].
Analysis of ocular surface damage and visual impact in patients with primary and secondary Sjögren syndrome.
Understanding fetal factors that contribute to preterm birth: Sjögren-Larsson syndrome as a model.
Prognostic markers of lymphoma development in primary Sjögren syndrome.
Intrathecal Baclofen Therapy for the Treatment of Spasticity in Sjögren-Larsson Syndrome.
Small fiber neuropathy in Sjögren syndrome: Comparison with other small fiber neuropathies.
Lymphoepithelial Sialadenitis Involving HIV-Infected and Sjogren Syndrome Patients: A Cytologic Study.
Genotype and phenotype variability in Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
Clinical and molecular characterization and response to acitretin in three families with Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
The Importance of Minor Salivary Gland Biopsy in Sjögren Syndrome Diagnosis and the Clinicopathological Correlation.
The Association Between Sjögren Syndrome and Adverse Postoperative Outcomes: A Historical Cohort Study Using Administrative Health Data.
[Primary Sjögren syndrome in a child].
[Gastroparesis may be the cause of unexplained dyspepsia in patients with primary Sjögren syndrome].
Complete Hypokalemic Quadriparesis as a First Presentation of Sjögren Syndrome.
Mucosal-associated Lymphoid Tissue (MALT) Lymphoma in Association With Pediatric Primary Sjogren Syndrome: 2 Cases and Review.
Somatosensory profile of a patient with mixed connective tissue disease and Sjögren syndrome.
Sjögren SER: National registry of the Spanish Society of Rheumatology of patients with primary Sjögren syndrome: Objectives and methodology.
Compound heterozygous mutations in the <i>ALDH3A2</i> gene cause Sjögren-Larsson syndrome: a case report.
Genetic assessment of ten Egyptian patients with Sjögren-Larsson syndrome: expanding the clinical spectrum and reporting a novel ALDH3A2 mutation.
Neural symptoms in a gene knockout mouse model of Sjögren-Larsson syndrome are associated with a decrease in 2-hydroxygalactosylceramide.
[Biomarkers for anorexia nervosa].
Neurologic Manifestations of Primary Sjögren Syndrome.
Oral mucosal manifestations in primary and secondary Sjögren syndrome and dry mouth syndrome.
Diffuse Cystic Lung Disease as the Presenting Manifestation of Sjögren Syndrome.
Sex differential association of dermatomyositis with Sjögren syndrome.
Childhood Sjögren syndrome presenting as acute brainstem encephalitis.
[The level of oral health and oral care in patients with Sjögren syndrome].
Recurrent Cerebral Infarctions in Primary Sjögren Syndrome: A Case Report and Literature Review.
Systemic Lupus Erythematosus, Sjögren Syndrome, and Mixed Connective Tissue Disease in Children and Adolescents.
Lymphocytic hidradenitis: A distinctive histopathological finding of annular erythema of Sjögren syndrome.
OPHTHALMIC FINDINGS IN LATE STAGE SJOGREN-LARSSON SYNDROME.
SIL1 mutations and clinical spectrum in patients with Marinesco-Sjogren syndrome.
Retinal Morphology in Sjögren-Larsson Syndrome on OCT: From Metabolic Crystalline Maculopathy to Early-Onset Macular Degeneration.
Clinical practice guidelines for oral management of Sjögren disease: Dental caries prevention.
Childhood Sjögren syndrome: insights from adults and animal models.
Sjögren-Like Lacrimal Keratoconjunctivitis in Germ-Free Mice.
Clinical significance of serum bilirubin in primary Sjögren syndrome patients.
Pulmonary Langerhans Histiocytosis: an uncommon cause of interstitial pneumonia in a patient with Sjögren syndrome.
Comparison of Meibomian Gland Imaging Findings and Lipid Layer Thickness between Primary Sjögren Syndrome and Non-Sjögren Syndrome Dry Eyes.
Sjögren Syndrome and Pregnancy: A Literature Review.
Outcomes of Thermal Pulsation Treatment for Dry Eye Syndrome in Patients With Sjogren Disease.
Correlation of clinical symptoms and signs with conjunctival gene expression in primary Sjögren syndrome dry eye patients.
Neuro-Sjögren: Peripheral Neuropathy With Limb Weakness in Sjögren's Syndrome.
Clinical, biochemical, and genetic aspects of Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
Differential diagnosis of IgG4-related sialadenitis, primary Sjögren syndrome, and chronic obstructive submandibular sialadenitis.
Association Between Early Sjögren Markers and Symptoms and Signs of Dry Eye.
Case report of primary Sjögren Syndrome with simple trigeminal lesion as initial symptom.
Salivary-gland-protective regulatory T-cell dysfunction underlies female-specific sialadenitis in the non-obese diabetic mouse model of Sjögren syndrome.
Update on Sjögren Syndrome and Other Causes of Sicca in Older Adults.
Rheumatoid factor isotype and Ro epitope distribution in primary Sjögren syndrome and rheumatoid arthritis with keratoconjunctivitis sicca.
Sjögren-Larsson syndrome: optical coherence tomography and a novel mutation.
Protective role of commensal bacteria in Sjögren Syndrome.
Secondary Sjögren syndrome: A case report using silver diamine fluoride and glass ionomer cement.
Phenotypic and mutational spectrum of thirty-five patients with Sjögren-Larsson syndrome: identification of eleven novel ALDH3A2 mutations and founder effects.
White matter water diffusion changes in primary Sjögren syndrome.
Salivary epidermal growth factor concentrations in patients with Sjögren syndrome and laryngopharyngeal reflux.
Thymic lymphoid hyperplasia with multilocular thymic cysts diagnosed before the Sjögren syndrome diagnosis.
The gut-eye-lacrimal gland-microbiome axis in Sjögren Syndrome.
Thrombus aspiration during ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction.
Sialendoscopy-assisted treatment for chronic obstructive parotitis related to Sjogren syndrome.
Increased GITRL Impairs the Function of Myeloid-Derived Suppressor Cells and Exacerbates Primary Sjögren Syndrome.
Anti-Ro52 antibodies are a risk factor for interstitial lung disease in primary Sjögren syndrome.
Daily Functioning and Quality of Life in Patients with Sjögren-Larsson Syndrome.
Meibomian Gland Dysfunction in Primary and Secondary Sjögren Syndrome.
Biopsy-proven renal involvement and prognosis in 13 hispanic patients with primary Sjögren syndrome.
Sjögren Syndrome in Primary Salivary Gland LymphomaA Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Altered hippocampal functional connectivity in primary Sjögren syndrome: a resting-state fMRI study.
CT findings of thoracic manifestations of primary Sjögren syndrome: radiologic-pathologic correlation.
Factors Associated With Disease Damage in Puerto Ricans With Primary Sjögren Syndrome.
Sjögren Syndrome without Focal Lymphocytic Infiltration of the Salivary Glands.
CNS involvement in primary Sjogren Syndrome: assessment of gray and white matter changes with MRI and voxel-based morphometry.
Risk of obstructive sleep apnea in patients with Sjögren syndrome and Behçet's disease: a nationwide, population-based cohort study.
Inclusion-body myositis and primary Sjögren syndrome: mechanisms for shared etiologies.
Comprehensive in silico screening and molecular dynamics studies of missense mutations in Sjogren-Larsson syndrome associated with the ALDH3A2 gene.
Sjogren-Larsson Syndrome: Mechanisms and Management.
Association of HLA Alleles with Primary Sjögren Syndrome in the South Tunisian Population.
Serum components and clinical efficacies of autologous serum eye drops in dry eye patients with active and inactive Sjogren syndrome.
Extended high-frequency audiometry as early detection of hearing loss in primary Sjögren syndrome.
Sjögren syndrome and MIG.
Sex Effects on Gene Expression in Lacrimal Glands of Mouse Models of Sjögren Syndrome.
MicroRNA-mediated Regulation of Mucin-type O-glycosylation Pathway: A Putative Mechanism of Salivary Gland Dysfunction in Sjögren Syndrome.
Pulmonary Involvement in Sjögren Syndrome.
Stem cells  from exfoliated  deciduous  teeth alleviate hyposalivation caused by Sjögren syndrome.
Cryoglobulinemia in Sjögren Syndrome: A Disease Subset that Links Higher Systemic Disease Activity, Autoimmunity, and Local B Cell Proliferation in Mucosa-associated Lymphoid Tissue.
Late-Stage Sjögren-Larsson Syndrome Maculopathy Imaged With OCT Angiography.
Safety and Efficacy of Cortisol Phosphate in Hyaluronic Acid Vehicle in the Treatment of Dry Eye in Sjogren Syndrome.
How immunological profile drives clinical phenotype of primary Sjögren's syndrome at diagnosis: analysis of 10,500 patients (Sjögren Big Data Project).
Invariant NKT Cells and Rheumatic Disease: Focus on Primary Sjogren Syndrome.
[Palliative care: research and development].
How Are Ocular Signs and Symptoms of Dry Eye Associated With Depression in Women With and Without Sjögren Syndrome?
The Prevalence of Dry Eye and Sjögren Syndrome in Patients with Migraine.
Reversible lacrimal gland-protective regulatory T-cell dysfunction underlies male-specific autoimmune dacryoadenitis in the non-obese diabetic mouse model of Sjögren syndrome.
Sjögren-Larsson syndrome: a complex metabolic disease with a distinctive ocular phenotype.
New temptations in SMC research.
Novel mutation in Sjogren-Larsson syndrome is associated with divergent neurologic phenotypes.
Cytokines as therapeutic targets in primary Sjögren syndrome.
Differential effects of specific cathepsin S inhibition in biocompartments from patients with primary Sjögren syndrome.
Association of Smoking and Obesity on the Risk of Developing Primary Sjögren Syndrome: A Population-based Cohort Study.
Sjögren-Larsson syndrome: a rare disease of the skin and central nervous system.
Sjögren Syndrome and Other Causes of Sicca in Older Adults.
Identification of Cellular Pathogenicity Markers for SIL1 Mutations Linked to Marinesco-Sjögren Syndrome.
Prevalence, risk factors, and prognosis of interstitial lung disease in a large cohort of Chinese primary Sjögren syndrome patients: A case-control study.
Tear Proteomics Approach to Monitoring Sjögren Syndrome or Dry Eye Disease.
Validation of Oral Health Impact Profile-14 and its association with Hypossialia in a Sjögren Syndrome Portuguese Population.
Value of Somatostatin Receptor Scintigraphy with <sup>99m</sup>Tc-HYNIC-TOC in Patients with Primary Sjögren Syndrome.
[Marrow megakaryocyte count as a response predictor of severe thrombocytopenia in patients with primary Sjögren syndrome].
Comparison of telomere length and association with progenitor cell markers in lacrimal gland between Sjögren syndrome and non-Sjögren syndrome dry eye patients.
Sjögren syndrome presenting with hypopotassemic periodic paralysis due to renal tubular acidosis.
P300 values in patients diagnosed with primary Sjogren syndrome.
Overactive bladder symptom bother and health-related quality of life in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus and primary Sjögren syndrome.
An unusual manifestation of Sjögren syndrome encephalitis.
Risk estimate of ischaemic heart disease in workers exposed to beryllium.
A Swedish consensus on the surgical treatment of concomitant atrial fibrillation.
Reduced Corneal Innervation in the CD25 Null Model of Sjögren Syndrome.
Pathological changes of renal biopsy in Sjögren Syndrome.
Cutaneous features and diagnosis of primary Sjögren syndrome: An update and review.
Sjögren-Larsson syndrome: definitive diagnosis on magnetic resonance spectroscopy.
Marathon of eponyms: 19 Sjögren syndrome.
Neurophysiological features of peripheral nervous system involvement and immunological profile of patients with primary Sjögren syndrome.
Tongue Atrophy in Sjögren Syndrome Patients with Mucosa-associated Lymphoid Tissue Lymphoma: Autoimmune Epithelitis beyond the Epithelial Cells of Salivary Glands?
Sjögren Syndrome and Cryoglobulinemic Glomerulonephritis.
Early onset primary Sjögren syndrome, clinical and laboratory characteristics.
Differential Diagnosis of Sjögren Versus Non-Sjögren Dry Eye Through Tear Film Biomarkers.
Type I Interferon Signaling Is Required for Dacryoadenitis in the Nonobese Diabetic Mouse Model of Sjögren Syndrome.
Dry skin manifestations in Sjögren syndrome and atopic dermatitis related to aberrant sudomotor function in inflammatory allergic skin diseases.
Athetoid Movements as Initial Manifestation of Primary Sjögren Syndrome.
Epidemiology of chronic pain and critical issues on opioid use.
Resting-state fMRI in primary Sjögren syndrome.
Antibody Conjugations via Glycosyl Remodeling.
Suppression of high-mobility group box 1 ameliorates xerostomia in a sjogren syndrome-triggered mouse model.
Sjogren-Larsson syndrome associated hypermelanosis.
Spectrum of Autonomic Nervous System Impairment in Sjögren Syndrome.
Clinical periodontal status and inflammatory cytokines in primary Sjögren syndrome and rheumatoid arthritis.
Patients with chronic periodontitis present increased risk for primary Sjögren syndrome: a nationwide population-based cohort study.
sICAM-1 as potential additional parameter in the discrimination of the Sjögren syndrome and non-autoimmune sicca syndrome: a pilot study.
Upregulation of long noncoding RNA TMEVPG1 enhances T helper type 1 cell response in patients with Sjögren syndrome.
Role of the IL-12/IL-35 balance in patients with Sjögren syndrome.
Leptin deficiency reverses high metabolic state and weight loss without affecting central pathology in the R6/2 mouse model of Huntington's disease.
Comparison of Effect on Sicca Symptoms of Anticentromere Antibody-positive Sjögren Syndrome and Primary Sjögren Syndrome Alone.
Effect of mesenchymal stem cells on Sjögren-like mice and the microRNA expression profiles of splenic CD4+ T cells.
Imaging of Sjögren Syndrome and Immunoglobulin G4-Related Disease of the Salivary Glands.
Hypokalemic Paralysis Due to Primary Sjogren Syndrome.
Sjögren Syndrome With Associated Lymphocytic Interstitial Pneumonia Successfully Treated With Tacrolimus and Abatacept as an Alternative to Rituximab.
Risk factors for primary Sjögren syndrome-associated interstitial lung disease.
Risk factors for caries development in primary Sjogren syndrome.
Targeting the enhanced ER stress response in Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome.
Early hearing loss detection in rheumatoid arthritis and primary Sjögren syndrome using extended high frequency audiometry.
Diagnostic dilemma between sarcoidosis and primary Sjögren syndrome: mimicry, concomitance or coincidence? An up-to-date clinician's perspective.
Evidence for the Detection of Subclinical Retinal Involvement in Systemic Lupus Erythematosus and Sjögren Syndrome: A Potential Association with Therapies.
Decreased microRNA-181a and -16 expression levels in the labial salivary glands of Sjögren syndrome patients.
Pediatric Sjogren syndrome with distal renal tubular acidosis and autoimmune hypothyroidism: an uncommon association.
Gastrointestinal and Hepatic Disease in Sjogren Syndrome.
Heterogeneity of Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome: report of two cases.
Testosterone Influence on Gene Expression in Lacrimal Glands of Mouse Models of Sjögren Syndrome.
Ciliopathy: Sjögren-Larsson Syndrome.
Combined disease with pulmonary arterial hypertension and pulmonary venous hypertension revealed after treatment of heart failure with preserved ejection fraction in a case with primary Sjögren syndrome.
Identification of a novel deletion within <i>ALDH3A2 gene in an Iranian Family</i> with Sjögren-Larsson Syndrome.
GBA2 Mutations Cause a Marinesco-Sjögren-Like Syndrome: Genetic and Biochemical Studies.
Functional connectivity and microstructural changes of the brain in primary Sjögren syndrome: the relationship with depression.
Macular fibrosis complicating macular pigment deficient maculopathy in Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
A 45-Year-Old Woman With Multiple Pulmonary Nodules and Sjögren Syndrome.
Botulinum Toxin for the Management of Sjögren Syndrome-Associated Recurrent Parotitis.
Relation of Autoimmune Cytopenia to Glandular and Systemic Manifestations in Primary Sjögren Syndrome: Analysis of 113 Korean Patients.
Interleukin-27 Is Essential for Type 1 Diabetes Development and Sjögren Syndrome-like Inflammation.
Quality of Sexual Life in Women with Primary Sjögren Syndrome.
Women With Primary Sjögren Syndrome and With Non-Sjögren Sicca Syndrome Show Similar Vulvar Histopathologic and Immunohistochemical Changes.
Neurologic complications of systemic lupus erythematosus, sjögren syndrome, and rheumatoid arthritis.
Case of Sjögren-Larsson syndrome with a large deletion in the ALDH3A2 gene confirmed by single nucleotide polymorphism array analysis.
Acquired Gitelman syndrome in a primary Sjögren syndrome patient with a SLC12A3 heterozygous mutation: A case report and literature review.
Emerging In Vitro Systems to Screen and Predict Drug-Induced Kidney Toxicity.
Subclinical carotid atherosclerosis in elderly patients with primary Sjögren syndrome: a duplex Doppler sonographic study.
Tear Film Stability in Sjögren Syndrome Patients Treated with Hyaluronic Acid Versus Crosslinked Hyaluronic Acid-Based Eye Drops.
Ichthyosis in Sjögren-Larsson syndrome reflects defective barrier function due to abnormal lamellar body structure and secretion.
Epidermal Fatty Acid-Binding Protein: A Novel Marker in the Diagnosis of Dry Eye Disease in Sjögren Syndrome.
Hydroxychloroquine and risk of cancer in patients with primary Sjögren syndrome: propensity score matched landmark analysis.
Asymptomatic Atherosclerosis in Primary Sjögren Syndrome: Correlation Between Low Ankle Brachial Index and Autoantibodies Positivity.
The potential relationship between Flammer and Sjögren syndromes: the chime of dysfunction.
The Risk of Deep Venous Thrombosis and Pulmonary Embolism in Primary Sjögren Syndrome: A General Population-based Study.
Erythema Gyratum Repens-Like Purpura in a Patient with Sjögren Syndrome.
Vitamin D and Sjögren syndrome.
Gastrointestinal and liver lesions in primary childhood Sjögren syndrome.
Influence of geolocation and ethnicity on the phenotypic expression of primary Sjögren's syndrome at diagnosis in 8310 patients: a cross-sectional study from the Big Data Sjögren Project Consortium.
Compound selection and annotation to validate the predictivity of in vitro toxicity assays for use in drug discovery, in response to Commentary by Dr. Zink (Zink, D. Arch Toxicol (2018)).
Bilateral medialization thyroplasty in patients with vocal fold atrophy with or without sulcus.
Pasteurized <i>Akkermansia muciniphila</i> protects from fat mass gain but not from bone loss.
Unilateral parotid gland enlargement in a patient with primary Sjögren syndrome.
In-depth phenotyping of lymphoblastoid cells suggests selective cellular vulnerability in Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome.
Predictable biomarkers of developing lymphoma in patients with Sjögren syndrome: a nationwide population-based cohort study.
A novel multi-parametric high content screening assay in ciPTEC-OAT1 to predict drug-induced nephrotoxicity during drug discovery.
On enzymatic remodeling of IgG glycosylation; unique tools with broad applications.
Ectopic germinal center and megalin defect in primary Sjogren syndrome with renal Fanconi syndrome.
Effects of hydroxychloroquine on symptomatic improvement in primary Sjögren syndrome: the JOQUER randomized clinical trial.
Disruption of the Sjögren-Larsson Syndrome Gene Aldh3a2 in Mice Increases Keratinocyte Growth and Retards Skin Barrier Recovery.
Sjögren-Larsson syndrome in clinical practice.
Characterization and risk estimate of cancer in patients with primary Sjögren syndrome.
Treatment studies with cannabinoids in anorexia nervosa: a systematic review.
Associations between dietary patterns at age 71 and the prevalence of sarcopenia 16 years later.
Contemporary management and full mouth rehabilitation of a patient with Sjögren syndrome.
Clinical guidelines for management of dry eye associated with Sjögren disease.
Mutations in INPP5K Cause a Form of Congenital Muscular Dystrophy Overlapping Marinesco-Sjögren Syndrome and Dystroglycanopathy.
The Interleukin 33/ST2 axis in patients with primary Sjögren syndrome: expression in serum and salivary glands, and the clinical association.
The value of MiR-146a and MiR-4484 expressions in the diagnosis of anti-SSA antibody positive Sjogren syndrome and the correlations with prognosis.
The Big Data Sjögren Consortium: a project for a new data science era.
Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease is common in never-smoking patients with primary Sjögren syndrome.
An Atypical Syndrome in an Elderly Patient With Systemic Lupus Erythematosus, Sjögren Syndrome, and Primary Biliary Cirrhosis.
Drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms/drug-induced hypersensitivity syndrome (DRESS/DIHS) caused by levofloxacin in a patient with systemic scleroderma, rheumatoid arthritis, and Sjogren syndrome.
Detailed Analysis of the Articular Domain in Patients with Primary Sjögren Syndrome.
B Cell Depletion Therapy Normalizes Circulating Follicular Th Cells in Primary Sjögren Syndrome.
Central nervous system involvement in primary Sjogren`s syndrome manifesting as multiple sclerosis.
Work Disability in Newly Diagnosed Patients with Primary Sjögren Syndrome.
Brachial plexopathy with Sjögren syndrome.
Anxiety and Depression in Bereaved Parents After Losing a Child due to Life-Limiting Diagnoses: A Danish Nationwide Questionnaire Survey.
Vasoactive Intestinal Peptide Protects Salivary Glands against Structural Injury and Secretory Dysfunction via IL-17A and AQP5 Regulation in a Model of Sjögren Syndrome.
Regulator of G protein signaling proteins as drug targets: current state and future possibilities.
Hospitalisation associated with a deterioration in oral health.
A systematic review of blood-based serotonergic biomarkers in Bulimia Nervosa.
[Clinicopathological Features and Treatment of Renal Impair in Primary Sjögren Syndrome].
Recurrent Attacks of Hypokalemic Quadriparesis: An Unusual Presentation of Primary Sjögren Syndrome.
Rituximab-Bendamustine (R-Benda) in MALT lymphoma complicating primary Sjögren syndrome (pSS).
Involvement of the Anterior Commissure in Early Glottic Cancer (Tis-T2): A Review of the Literature.
Usefulness of IgA Anti-α-fodrin Antibodies in Combination with Rheumatoid Factor and/or Antinuclear Antibodies as Substitute Immunological Criterion in Sjögren Syndrome with Negative Anti-SSA/SSB Antibodies.
Sjögren Syndrome Complicated with Cystic Lung Disease and Pulmonary Amyloidosis.
Novel mutations and a severe neurological phenotype in Sjögren-Larsson syndrome patients from Iran.
Identification of Homozygous Likely Pathogenic Variant of ALDH3A2 in a Korean Boy with Sjögren-Larsson Syndrome.
Survival and Prognostic Factors for Outcome after Radiotherapy for T2 Glottic Carcinoma.
Sjögren Syndrome-Related Membranous Glomerulonephritis Progressing to Membranoproliferative Glomerulonephritis.
Osteomicrobiology: A New Cross-Disciplinary Research Field.
End-of-life communication: a nationwide study of bereaved parents' perceptions.
Polygenetic risk for coronary artery disease increases hospitalization burden and mortality.
Bilateral vocal fold injection with autologous fat in patients with vocal fold atrophy with or without sulcus.
Effectiveness of Technology-Based Distance Physical Rehabilitation Interventions for Improving Physical Functioning in Stroke: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials.
How are we treating our systemic patients with primary Sjögren syndrome? Analysis of 1120 patients.
Combined spinal-epidural anesthesia for radical hysterectomy in a patient with Sjȍgren syndrome with progressive interstitial lung disease.
Multiobserver Reliability of Ultrasound Assessment of Salivary Glands in Patients with Established Primary Sjögren Syndrome.
Increased lipid and lipoprotein concentrations in anorexia nervosa: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Voice outcome after unilateral ELS type III or bilateral type II resections for T1-T2 glottic carcinoma: Results after 1 year.
A case of pathology-proven neuromyelitis optica spectrum disorder with Sjögren syndrome manifesting aphasia and apraxia due to a localized cerebral white matter lesion.
Down-regulation of the inflammatory response after short-term exposure to low levels of chemical vapours.
Shear wave elastography as a new method to identify parotid lymphoma in primary Sjögren Syndrome patients: an observational study.
Prevalence, severity, and predictors of dry eye and dry mouth in Chinese patients with primary Sjögren syndrome.
Cystic Lung Disease Among Patients With Sjögren Syndrome: Frequency, Natural History, and Associated Risk Factors.
Growth Arrest-Specific 6 Protein in Patients with Sjögren Syndrome: Determination of the Plasma Level and Expression in the Labial Salivary Gland.
Novel SIL1 nonstop mutation in a Chinese consanguineous family with Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome and Dandy-Walker syndrome.
Oral lesions as presenting feature of childhood Sjögren syndrome.
Sjögren Syndrome: Why Do Clinical Trials Fail?
Parotid Gland Biopsy, the Alternative Way to Diagnose Sjögren Syndrome.
Polyautoimmunity in Sjögren Syndrome.
Genetics in Sjögren Syndrome.
A rare cause of pruritic ichthyosis: Sjögren-Larsson syndrome in the first reported patients of Cypriot descent.
Ocular complications of primary Sjögren syndrome in men.
Sjögren-Larsson syndrome: report of monozygote twins and a case with a novel mutation.
Sjögren-Larsson syndrome: novel mutations in the ALDH3A2 gene in a French cohort.
Sjögren syndrome/scleroderma autoantigen 1 is a direct Tankyrase binding partner in cancer cells.
Fluctuations of antimitochondrial antibodies and anti-gp210 antibody in a patient with primary biliary cholangitis and Sjögren syndrome with subsequent autoimmune hemolytic anemia: A case report.
Mechanisms of Disease in Sjögren Syndrome-New Developments and Directions.
Bilateral trial vocal fold injection with hyaluronic acid in patients with vocal fold atrophy with or without sulcus.
Quality of life and voice outcome of patients treated with transoral CO<sub>2</sub> laser microsurgery for early glottic carcinoma (T1-T2): a 2-year follow-up study.
Steroids for Acute Vestibular Neuronitis-the Earlier the Treatment, the Better the Outcome?
The Prevalence of Dental Implants and Related Factors in Patients with Sjögren Syndrome: Results from a Cohort Study.
Nasal and paranasal involvement in primary Sjogren`s syndrome.
Segmentation of Retinal Layers in Sjögren-Larsson Syndrome.
Ghrelin rescues skeletal muscle catabolic profile in the R6/2 mouse model of Huntington's disease.
Increased adipose tissue aromatase activity improves insulin sensitivity and reduces adipose tissue inflammation in male mice.
The Association of Serum Vitamin D Level With the Severity of Dry Eye Parameters in Primary Sjögren Syndrome.
Can We Expect Any Effect of Rituximab on Fatigue in Primary Sjögren Syndrome?: A Systematic Review and Critical Appraisal.
Achaete-Scute Homologue 2-Regulated Follicular Helper T Cells Promote Autoimmunity in a Murine Model for Sjögren Syndrome.
Prevalence of Novel Candidate Sjögren Syndrome Autoantibodies in the Penn Sjögren's International Collaborative Clinical Alliance Cohort.
Systematic fast-track transition from oncological treatment to dyadic specialized palliative home care: DOMUS - a randomized clinical trial.
A rare case of Sjogren-Larsson syndrome with recurrent pneumonia and asthma.
Increased Frequency of Hand Osteoarthritis in Patients with Primary Sjögren Syndrome Compared with Systemic Lupus Erythematosus.
Sjögren Syndrome in the Intensive Care Unit: An Observational Study.
Anti-DNase I Antibody: A New Serological Reactivity in Primary Sjögren Syndrome.
CD8 T cells contribute to lacrimal gland pathology in the nonobese diabetic mouse model of Sjögren syndrome.
Comparison of MicroRNA Expression in Tears of Normal Subjects and Sjögren Syndrome Patients.
Added Value of Parotid R2* Values for Evaluation of Sjögren Syndrome: A Preliminary Study.

Accuracy of Thyroid Cartilage Fenestration During Montgomery Medialization Thyroplasty.
Potential Therapy for Rheumatoid Arthritis and Sjögren Syndrome With Human Chorionic Gonadotropin.
Cardiac Rehabilitees' Technology Experiences Before Remote Rehabilitation: Qualitative Study Using a Grounded Theory Approach.
Sjögren Syndrome Associated with Inflammatory Muscle Diseases.
A very rare neurocutaneous disorder in 2 siblings: Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
Epigenetic Regulation in the Pathogenesis of Sjögren Syndrome and Rheumatoid Arthritis.
Protein misfolding diseases - The rare case of Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome.
The Effect of Chloroquine on the Development of Dry Eye in Sjögren Syndrome Animal Model.
Systemic activity and mortality in primary Sjögren syndrome: predicting survival using the EULAR-SS Disease Activity Index (ESSDAI) in 1045 patients.
Functional Head Impulse Testing Might Be Useful for Assessing Vestibular Compensation After Unilateral Vestibular Loss.
Effect of Oral Pilocarpine in Treating Severe Dry Eye in Patients With Sjögren Syndrome.
Incidence of cancer in a cohort of patients with primary Sjögren syndrome in Argentina.
Hydroxychloroquine was associated with reduced risk of new-onset diabetes mellitus in patients with Sjögren syndrome.
Etiopathogenic role of surfactant protein d in the clinical and immunological expression of primary Sjögren syndrome.
Treatment for salivary gland hypofunction at both initial and advanced stages of Sjögren-like disease: a comparative study of bone marrow therapy versus spleen cell therapy with a 1-year monitoring period.
Discrepancies in Interpretation of the Minor Salivary Gland Biopsy in the Diagnosis of Sjögren Syndrome.
Primary sjögren syndrome manifested as localized cutaneous nodular amyloidosis.
Sjogren-Larsson syndrome: A rare neurocutaneous disorder.
Longitudinal changes in leukocyte telomere length and mortality in elderly Swedish men.
Farnesylated heat shock protein 40 is a component of membrane-bound RISC in <i>Arabidopsis</i>.
Impact of Deductible Health Plans on Parental Decision Making for Common Pediatric Otolaryngology Procedures.
Regulation of bone mass by the gut microbiota is dependent on NOD1 and NOD2 signaling.
Frequent involvement of central nervous system in primary Sjögren syndrome.
Recurrent exposure to welding fumes induces insufficient recovery from inflammation by Mi Jin Yang and coworkers (Inhalation Toxicology, 21:337-346, 2009).
Evaluation of surgical margin status in patients with early glottic cancer (Tis-T2) treated with transoral CO<sub>2</sub> laser microsurgery, on local control.
Acquisition of N-Glycosylation Sites in Immunoglobulin Heavy Chain Genes During Local Expansion in Parotid Salivary Glands of Primary Sjögren Patients.
The use of self-retained, cryopreserved amniotic membrane for the treatment of Sjögren syndrome: a case series.
Dead and buried? Variation in post-mortem histories revealed through histotaphonomic characterisation of human bone from megalithic graves in Sweden.
All-cause mortality rates and home deaths decreased in children with life-limiting diagnoses in Denmark between 1994 and 2014.
A systematic review of studies on the faecal microbiota in anorexia nervosa: future research may need to include microbiota from the small intestine.
Reproducibility of Ocular Surface Staining in the Assessment of Sjögren Syndrome-Related Keratoconjunctivitis Sicca: Implications on Disease Classification.
Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome due to SIL1 mutations with a comment on the clinical phenotype.
Detection of early markers for Sjögren syndrome in dry eye patients.
Cryoglobulinaemic vasculitis at diagnosis predicts mortality in primary Sjögren syndrome: analysis of 515 patients.
A Case Report of Nonvasculitic Autoimmune Inflammatory Meningoencephalitis with Sensory Ganglionopathy: A Rare Presentation of Sjögren Syndrome.
Child Neurology: Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
[Anesthesia for an Eleven Year Old Girl with Sjögren-Larsson Syndrome].
Generating and Purifying Fab Fragments from Human and Mouse IgG Using the Bacterial Enzymes IdeS, SpeB and Kgp.
[Neurological manifestations of Gougerot and Sjögren disease: a Black African case].
Risk of Parkinson disease in Sjögren syndrome administered ineffective immunosuppressant therapies: A nationwide population-based study.
Treatment of primary Sjögren syndrome: a systematic review.
Endothelial dysfunction in primary Sjögren syndrome.
[The refeeding syndrome in anorexia nervosa].
Oncologic and functional outcomes of patients treated with transoral CO2 laser microsurgery or radiotherapy for T2 glottic carcinoma: a systematic review of the literature.
Constrictive Bronchiolitis in Patients With Primary Sjögren Syndrome.
Coexistence of Two Rare Autosomal Recessive Disorders: Activation-Induced Cytidine Deaminase Deficiency and Sjogren-Larsson Syndrome.
Expression of ETS1 and LEF1 in salivary glands of Sjögren syndrome patients.
Immunoresponsive Autonomic Neuropathy in Sjögren Syndrome-Case Series and Literature Review.
Salivary Gland Ultrasonography as a Diagnostic Tool for Secondary Sjögren Syndrome in Rheumatoid Arthritis.
Occurrence of rheumatoid arthritis requiring oral and/or biological disease-modifying antirheumatic drug therapy following a diagnosis of primary Sjögren syndrome.
Optical coherence tomography aspect of crystalline macular dystrophy in Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
Treatment Preferences in Patients With Early Glottic Cancer.
Comparison of pediatric adenoidectomy techniques.
Sjögren Syndrome Complicated by Mucosa-Associated Lymphoid Tissue Lymphoma and Lymphocytic Interstitial Pneumonia.
Kidney biopsy findings in primary Sjögren syndrome.
Upper gastrointestinal bleeding in a patient with Sjögren syndrome.
Association between Helicobacter pylori infection and Sjögren syndrome: A meta-analysis.
Cutaneous purpura of Sjögren syndrome successfully treated with hydroxychloroquine.
Predictors of complicated airway foreign body extraction.
Effectiveness of technology-based distance physical rehabilitation interventions on physical activity and walking in multiple sclerosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
A gatekeeper helix determines the substrate specificity of Sjögren-Larsson Syndrome enzyme fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase.
Risk of Psychiatric Disorders Following Primary Sjögren Syndrome: A Nationwide Population-based Retrospective Cohort Study.
[A new mutation in the ALDH3A2 gene in a boy with Sjogren-Larsson syndrome].
Pilocarpine and artificial saliva for the treatment of xerostomia and xerophthalmia in Sjögren syndrome: a double-blind randomized controlled trial.
Survey of Ophthalmologists Regarding Practice Patterns for Dry Eye and Sjogren Syndrome.
The Effect of Immunologically Safe Plasma Rich in Growth Factor Eye Drops in Patients with Sjögren Syndrome.
Causes of Hospital Admissions in Domus: A Randomized Controlled Trial of Specialized Palliative Cancer Care at Home.
Medical management for intractable pain arising from primary sjögren syndrome involving both brain and spinal cord: a case report.
Relapsed/refractory acquired thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura in a patient with Sjögren syndrome: Case report and review of the literature.
Sjögren-Larsson syndrome: importance of early diagnosis and aggressive physiotherapy.
Relation of sensory peripheral neuropathy in Sjögren syndrome to anti-Ro/SSA.
Oral Care and Mortality in Older Adults with Pneumonia in Hospitals or Nursing Homes: Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Circulating levels of perfluoroalkyl substances are associated with dietary patterns - A cross sectional study in elderly Swedish men and women.
Primary Sjögren syndrome: report of a 10 years old girl with local edema and positivity of anti SS-A and anti SS-B autoantibodies.
Assessment of cognitive function in patients with metastatic cancer: Are we using the right tools?
Prevalence of Novel Candidate Sjogren Syndrome Autoantibodies in the Dry Eye Assessment and Management (DREAM) Study.
Pulmonary manifestations of Sjögren syndrome, systemic lupus erythematosus, and mixed connective tissue disease.
[Minimally invasive mitral valve surgery – a technique for everyone?].
Safety and Efficacy of Bridging With Low-Molecular-Weight Heparin During Temporary Interruptions of Warfarin: A Register-Based Cohort Study.
Efficacy of Pycnogenol® supplementation in remission phases of Sjögren syndrome.
Parental conceptions of the rotavirus vaccine during implementation in Stockholm: A phenomenographic study.
Effectiveness of physical activity promoting technology-based distance interventions compared to usual care. Systematic review, meta-analysis and meta-regression.
Henrik Sjögren, 1899-1986.
Interferon-γ-Induced Unfolded Protein Response in Conjunctival Goblet Cells as a Cause of Mucin Deficiency in Sjögren Syndrome.
Rumpel-Leede Phenomenon in a Patient with Laboratory Markers Positive for Sjögren Disease.
Activation of Stimulator of Interferon Genes (STING) and Sjögren Syndrome.
Conventional MRI techniques combined with MR sialography on T2-3D-DRIVE in Sjögren syndrome.
Parotid gland non-Hodgkin lymphoma in primary Sjögren syndrome.
Toileting behavior and urinary tract symptoms among younger women.
Rapid and improved characterization of therapeutic antibodies and antibody related products using IdeS digestion and subunit analysis.
Sjögren Sensory Neuronopathy (Sjögren Ganglionopathy): Long-Term Outcome and Treatment Response in a Series of 13 Cases.
Fingolimod efficacy in multiple sclerosis associated with Sjogren syndrome.
Sjögren Syndrome-associated lymphomas: an update on pathogenesis and management.
Do you know this syndrome? Sjogren-Larsson syndrome.
PERK inhibition delays neurodegeneration and improves motor function in a mouse model of Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome.
Managing the care of patients with Sjögren syndrome and dry mouth: comorbidities, medication use and dental care considerations.
Diagnosis of Liver Involvement in Primary Sjögren Syndrome.
Detection of salivary protein biomarkers of saliva secretion disorder in a primary Sjögren syndrome murine model.
The Sjögren-Larsson syndrome gene encodes a hexadecenal dehydrogenase of the sphingosine 1-phosphate degradation pathway.
Peripheral nervous system manifestations of Sjögren syndrome: clinical patterns, diagnostic paradigms, etiopathogenesis, and therapeutic strategies.
SUV2, which encodes an ATR-related cell cycle checkpoint and putative plant ATRIP, is required for aluminium-dependent root growth inhibition in Arabidopsis.
Excised segments of rat small intestine in Ussing chamber studies: A comparison of native and stripped tissue viability and permeability to drugs.
Latest Advances in Ultrasound Assessment of Salivary Glands in Sjögren Syndrome.
Management of ocular surface inflammation in Sjögren syndrome.
Evaluation of germinal center-like structures and B cell clonality in patients with primary Sjögren syndrome with and without lymphoma.
MicroRNA profiling in Chinese patients with primary Sjögren syndrome reveals elevated miRNA-181a in peripheral blood mononuclear cells.
Organisational and environmental characteristics of residential aged care units providing highly person-centred care: a cross sectional study.
Role of fractalkine in the pathogenesis of primary Sjögren syndrome: increased serum levels of fractalkine, its expression in labial salivary glands, and the association with clinical manifestations.
Ability to predict resting energy expenditure with six equations compared to indirect calorimetry in octogenarian men.
Behcet disease combined with Sjogren syndrome: A unique case report and literature review.
B cells in the pathogenesis of primary Sjögren syndrome.
Validation of the brief cognitive symptoms index in Sjögren syndrome.
The larynx ruler to measure height and profile of vocal folds: a proof of concept.
Non-vitamin K oral anticoagulants are non-inferior for stroke prevention but cause fewer major bleedings than well-managed warfarin: A retrospective register study.
Typical clinical and neuroimaging features in Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
International Frontal Sinus Anatomy Classification and anatomic predictors of low-lying anterior ethmoidal arteries.
Primary cutaneous amyloidosis associated with autoimmune hepatitis-primary biliary cirrhosis overlap syndrome and Sjögren syndrome: A case report.
Treating the Underlying Pathophysiology of Primary Sjögren Syndrome: Recent Advances and Future Prospects.
[A case of Sjögren syndrome with subacute combined degeneration-like posterior column lesion on cervical MRI].
Sjogren-Larsson syndrome.
Anatomic distribution of cervicofacial lymphatic malformations based on lymph node groups.
Evaluation of a new matrix regenerating agent in patients with Sjögren syndrome and superficial ulcerative keratitis resistant to conventional therapy: A report of 3 cases.
Sjogren Syndrome and Non-Sjogren Sicca Syndrome: Do They Affect the Vulva?
Relationship between sjögren syndrome and periodontal status: A systematic review.
Utility approach to decision-making in extended T1 and limited T2 glottic carcinoma.
From Molecular Mechanism to the Etiology of Sjogren Syndrome.
Paraneoplastic cerebellar degeneration: initial presentation of mucosa-associated lymphoid tissue lymphoma in a patient with primary Sjögren syndrome.
Patient-related outcomes in Sjögren syndrome treated with stimulants of salivary secretion: Randomized clinical trial.
The evolution of regulators of G protein signalling proteins as drug targets - 20 years in the making: IUPHAR Review 21.
Rituximab-mediated Raf kinase inhibitor protein induction modulates NF-κB in Sjögren syndrome.
Sjögren´s syndrome in present.
Elevation of autophagy markers in Sjögren syndrome dry eye.
Phenotype-genotype correlations in patients with Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome.
Subjective Complaints of Ocular Dryness and Xerostomia Among the Non-Sjögren Adult Population of Lublin Region, Poland.
Long-term ustekinumab therapy of psoriasis in patients with coexisting rheumatoid arthritis and Sjögren syndrome. Report of two cases and review of literature.
Functional Epitopes for Anti-Aquaporin 5 Antibodies in Sjögren Syndrome.
Sjögren Disease and Myelin Oligodendrocyte Glycoprotein Antibody-Associated Optic Neuritis.
With Minor Salivary Gland Biopsy in Sjögren Syndrome, Is a Negative Result Possible?
EndoS and EndoS2 hydrolyze Fc-glycans on therapeutic antibodies with different glycoform selectivity and can be used for rapid quantification of high-mannose glycans.
Analysis of tear cytokines and clinical correlations in Sjögren syndrome dry eye patients and non-Sjögren syndrome dry eye patients.
A Rare Presentation of Sjogren Syndrome as Hypokalemic Periodic Paralysis.
Neuropsychiatric presentation of Sjögren syndrome.
The MRL/lpr Mouse Model: An Important Animal Model for Systemic Sjögren Syndrome and Polyautoimmunity.
Proximal Muscle Weakness With Overlying Hypokalemic Periodic Paralysis in Sjögren Syndrome: Report of 6 Cases.
Shape of Thyroid Cartilage Influences Outcome of Montgomery Medialization Thyroplasty: A Gender Issue.
Comparison of labial minor salivary gland biopsies from childhood Sjögren syndrome and age-matched controls.
Primary Sjögren syndrome that initially presented with repeated hypergammaglobulinemic purpura after prolonged sitting: A case report.
Minor Salivary Gland Biopsy-An Important Contributor to the Diagnosis of Sjögren Syndrome.
Feasibility study of using intravoxel incoherent motion mri to detect parotid gland abnormalities in early-stage Sjögren syndrome patients.
Sporadic VACTERL association in a Japanese family with Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
Transoral Laser Microsurgery in Early Glottic Lesions.
Effectiveness of technology-based distance interventions promoting physical activity: Systematic review, meta-analysis and meta-regression.
Reply to "Comment on 'In Silico Modeling of Gastrointestinal Drug Absorption: Predictive Performance of Three Physiologically Based Absorption Models'".
Diffuse Cystic Lung Disease: Consider Sjögren Syndrome in the Differential Diagnosis.
The Utility of Major Salivary Gland Ultrasonographic Parameters in the Diagnosis of Sjögren Syndrome.
Sjögren syndrome.
The Smc5/6 Complex Is an ATP-Dependent Intermolecular DNA Linker.
Intracranial hemodynamic changes in primary Sjögren syndrome: a transcranial Doppler case-control study.
[Body dysmorphic disorder].
[Welders - a risk group for septic pneumonia].
Upper aerodigestive injuries from detergent ingestion in children.
Increased risks of deep vein thrombosis and pulmonary embolism in Sjögren syndrome: a nationwide cohort study.
Differentiating <sup>131</sup>I Radiation Sialadenitis From Autoimmune (Sjögren Syndrome) Sialadenitis: Case Report.
Numerical simulation of the fracture process in ceramic FPD frameworks caused by oblique loading.
Isolated Thrombocytopenia; A Rare Presentation of Primary Sjogren Syndrome.
First EULAR recommendations for Sjögren syndrome published.
Application of classification criteria of Sjogren syndrome in patients with sicca symptoms: Real-world experience at a medical center.
Sjögren syndrome: A case report.
Bone Mineral Density in Sjögren Syndrome Patients with and Without Distal Renal Tubular Acidosis.
The association of vitamin D deficiency with tear break-up time and Schirmer testing in non-Sjögren dry eye.
Bilateral multicystic parotid masses in primary Sjögren syndrome.
[Re: Children in vulnerable situations need child protective services].
The Structure of Murine N<sup>1</sup>-Acetylspermine Oxidase Reveals Molecular Details of Vertebrate Polyamine Catabolism.
Lake sedimentary DNA accurately records 20<sup>th</sup> Century introductions of exotic conifers in Scotland.
Does canal wall down mastoidectomy benefit syndromic children with congenital aural stenosis?
Stratifying Sjögren syndrome into symptom-based subgroups.
Serologic profile and clinical markers of Sjögren syndrome in patients with rheumatoid arthritis.
Immediate Loading of Tantalum-Based Implants in Fresh Extraction Sockets in Patient With Sjogren Syndrome: A Case Report and Literature Review.
Biological Significance of the Association Between Cutaneous Al-amyloidoma and Sjögren Syndrome.
Effect of hydroxychloroquine on the lipid profile of patients with Sjögren syndrome.
Meibomian gland features in a Norwegian cohort of patients with primary Sjögren´s syndrome.
Altered Mucosal Microbiome Diversity and Disease Severity in Sjögren Syndrome.
Image Segmentation and Machine Learning for Detection of Abdominal Free Fluid in Focused Assessment With Sonography for Trauma Examinations: A Pilot Study.
Intraductal infusion of steroids in patients with Sjögren syndrome to treat painful salivary swelling: Report of 2 cases.
Dilemmas in the recognition of Sjögren syndrome.
Assessment of Free Drug Concentration in Cyclodextrin Formulations Is Essential to Determine Drug Potency in Functional In Vitro Assays.
Prevalence and characterization of non-sicca onset primary Sjögren syndrome with interstitial lung involvement.
Deciding subsidy for pharmaceuticals based on ambiguous evidence.
TNFAIP3 Gene Polymorphisms in Three Common Autoimmune Diseases: Systemic Lupus Erythematosus, Rheumatoid Arthritis, and Primary Sjogren Syndrome-Association with Disease Susceptibility and Clinical Phenotypes in Italian Patients.
Comparison of Tear Osmolarity in Rheumatoid Arthritis Patients With and Without Secondary Sjogren Syndrome.
Increased corneal sub-basal nerve density in patients with Sjögren syndrome treated with topical cyclosporine A.
Safety in simple versus complex stenting of coronary artery bifurcation lesions. The nordic bifurcation study 14-month follow-up results.
Effect of Autologous Serum Eye Drops in Patients with Sjögren Syndrome-related Dry Eye: Clinical and In Vivo Confocal Microscopy Evaluation of the Ocular Surface.
Primary versus Secondary Sjögren Syndrome: Is It Time To Reconsider These Terms?
Incidence and Mortality of Physician-Diagnosed Primary Sjögren Syndrome: Time Trends Over a 40-Year Period in a Population-Based US Cohort.
Altered lipid profiles in the stratum corneum of Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
[The treatment of secondary Sjogren syndrome].
[When children are injured, with the best intentions].
Hormone replacement therapy and the risk of endometrial cancer: A systematic review.
Lack of Long-Term Neurologic Efficacy of Zileuton in Sjögren-Larsson's Syndrome.
Mec1-dependent phosphorylation of Mms21 modulates its SUMO ligase activity.
Impact of pain on cognitive functions in primary Sjögren syndrome with small fiber neuropathy: 10 cases and a literature review.
Ultrasound assessment of the entheses in primary Sjögren syndrome.
Complications of Sialendoscopy in Patients With Sjögren Syndrome.
[Coexistence of sarcoidosis and primary Sjögren syndrome: a clinical analysis and literature review].
Variation in costs among surgeons and hospitals in Pediatric tympanostomy tube placement.
Physiologic facial muscle uptake on 18F-FDG PET/CT by chewing-like habitual movement in patient with Sjögren syndrome.
In Silico Modeling of Gastrointestinal Drug Absorption: Predictive Performance of Three Physiologically Based Absorption Models.
Plasmalogens and fatty alcohols in rhizomelic chondrodysplasia punctata and Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
Inflammatory markers and exposure to airborne particles among workers in a Swedish pulp and paper mill.
Multisystem presentation of primary Sjögren syndrome.
A retrospective evaluation of zirconia-fixed partial dentures in general practices: an up to 13-year study.
Effects of the gut microbiota on bone mass.
Sjögren syndrome: advances in the pathogenesis from animal models.
Genetic variation and cognitive dysfunction in opioid-treated patients with cancer.
Diet and Mobility in the Corded Ware of Central Europe.
Late survival and heart failure after transcatheter aortic valve implantation.
Digoxin-Mediated Upregulation of RGS2 Protein Protects against Cardiac Injury.
Blocking CD40-CD40L interactions in Sjögren syndrome.
Aromatase controls Sjögren syndrome-like lesions through monocyte chemotactic protein-1 in target organ and adipose tissue-associated macrophages.
Classification of a palliative care population in a comprehensive cancer centre.
Minor salivary gland inflammatory lesions in Sjögren syndrome: do they evolve?
Automated Measurement of Tear Film Dynamics and Lipid Layer Thickness for Assessment of Non-Sjögren Dry Eye Syndrome With Meibomian Gland Dysfunction.
Sjögren-Larsson syndrome--unusual presentation with pathological femoral neck fracture: a case report.
[Bilateral hypertrophy of Wharton duct revealing Sjögren syndrome].
Tear Meniscus and Corneal Sub-basal Nerve Plexus Assessment in Primary Sjögren Syndrome and Sicca Syndrome Patients.
Multilocular thymic cyst in a patient with Sjögren syndrome.
Langerhans Histiocytosis Renders a Differential and Complementary Diagnosis for a Sjögren Syndrome Female Presenting with a Hypophyseal Mass, Pulmonary Emphysema and Thyroid Nodules.
Effect of Rapamycin Microspheres in Sjögren Syndrome Dry Eye: Preparation and Outcomes.
Atypical Presentation of Sjögren-Larsson Syndrome.
Hypokalemic Paralysis due to Primary Sjögren Syndrome: Case Report and Review of the Literature.
Expanding the Genotype of Sjögren-Larsson Syndrome: A New Case Due to Two Novel Mutations.
Corneal nerve structure and function in patients with non-sjogren dry eye: clinical correlations.
[Association Gougerot Sjogren syndrome and celiac disease].
DNA binding to SMC ATPases-trapped for release.
Atrial electromechanical delay and diastolic dysfunction in primary Sjögren syndrome.
Proinflammatory gene polymorphisms are potentially associated with Korean non-Sjogren dry eye patients.
Optic neuritis as an initial presentation of primary Sjögren syndrome: A case report and literature review.
Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome caused by a new SIL1 frameshift mutation.
Facial Plaque in a Woman With Sjogren Syndrome: Answer.
[Better regulatory framework needed for medical devices].
Characterization of Zebrafish Models of Marinesco-Sjögren Syndrome.
Neuroprotective modulation of the unfolded protein response in Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome: PERK signaling inhibition and beyond.
Comment on Sjögren et al. (2018) A novel multi-parametric high-content screening assay in ciPTEC-OAT1 to predict drug-induced nephrotoxicity in drug discovery. Arch Toxicol 92(10):3175-3190.
Signal hyperintensities on brain magnetic resonance imaging in patients with primary Sjögren syndrome and frequent episodic tension-type headache: relation to platelet serotonin level and disease activity.
Co-Cccurrence of Guillain-Barre Syndrome and Primary Sjögren Syndrome in an Elderly Woman.
Facial Plaque in a Woman With Sjogren Syndrome: Challenge.
Diadenosine polyphosphates in tears of Sjogren syndrome patients.
Outcome of pregnancy in Italian patients with primary Sjögren syndrome.
[Necrotizing autoimmune myopathy associated with Sjögren syndrome: report of 2 case].
Retro-odontoid Pseudotumor Associated with Sjögren Syndrome and Systemic Lupus Erythematosus Serology.
Physical Examination - Still Relevant in Sjögren Syndrome.
Glucocorticoids improve erythroid progenitor maintenance and dampen Trp53 response in a mouse model of Diamond-Blackfan anaemia.
[Rare association: Sjogren Syndrome and liposarcoma of the parotid].
Sjogren-Larsson Syndrome: A Rare Case Report.
The Efficacy of Diquafosol Ophthalmic Solution in Non-Sjögren and Sjögren Syndrome Dry Eye Patients Unresponsive to Artificial Tear.
Sjögren-Larsson Syndrome: A Neuro-Ichthyotic Disorder With Unique Magnetic Resonance Features.
Expression of Lipid Peroxidation Markers in the Tear Film and Ocular Surface of Patients with Non-Sjogren Syndrome: Potential Biomarkers for Dry Eye Disease.
Evaluation of tear osmolarity in non-Sjögren and Sjögren syndrome dry eye patients with the TearLab system.
Severity of dry eye syndrome is related to anti-dsDNA autoantibody in systemic lupus erythematosus patients without secondary Sjogren syndrome: A cross-sectional analysis.
Home-based supervised exercise versus hospital-based supervised exercise or unsupervised walk advice as treatment for intermittent claudication: a systematic review.
Treatment of primary Sjögren syndrome.
Gene expression of catalytic proteasome subunits and resistance toward proteasome inhibition of B lymphocytes from patients with primary sjogren syndrome.
Predicting the risk for lymphoma development in Sjogren syndrome: An easy tool for clinical use.
Sialendoscopy of Salivary Glands Affected by Sjögren Syndrome: A Randomized Controlled Pilot Study.
Biologics in oral medicine: Sjogren syndrome.
Novel autoantibody in Sjögren syndrome.
Aluminum-Dependent Terminal Differentiation of the Arabidopsis Root Tip Is Mediated through an ATR-, ALT2-, and SOG1-Regulated Transcriptional Response.
[Sjogren Larsson syndrome: a rare neurocutaneous disease].
Primary Sjögren's Syndrome Prevalence: What if Sjögren was Right After All? Comment on the Article by Maciel et al.
[Primitive Sjögren syndrome in the elderly: clinical and immunological characteristics].
Erratum to: Treating the Underlying Pathophysiology of Primary Sjögren Syndrome: Recent Advances and Future Prospects.
Nodular pulmonary light chain deposition disease: an entity associated with Sjögren syndrome or marginal zone lymphoma.
Effects of verapamil on the pharmacokinetics and hepatobiliary disposition of fexofenadine in pigs.
Genetics and prospective therapeutic targets for Sjögren-Larsson Syndrome.
[A case report of Sjögren syndrome combined with cardiac amyloidosis].
Primary Sjogren syndrome diagnosed simultaneously with localized amyloidosis of the lacrimal gland: A case report.
Implant survival may be high in patients with Sjögren syndrome.
Infundibuloneurohypophysitis Associated With Sjögren Syndrome Successfully Treated With Mycophenolate Mofetil: A Case Report.
Pitfalls for detecting interleukin-33 by ELISA in the serum of patients with primary Sjögren syndrome: comparison of different kits.
Pulmonary hyalinizing granuloma associated with Sjögren syndrome and ANCA MPO vasculitis.
Orofacial Manifestations and Temporomandibular Disorders of Sjögren Syndrome: An Observational Study.
Connective tissue diseases: T cells in blood mark Sjögren syndrome activity.
Hepatitis C virus infection and the risk of Sjögren or sicca syndrome: a meta-analysis.
[Palliative medicine--an independent medical specialty?].
FBXO44-Mediated Degradation of RGS2 Protein Uniquely Depends on a Cullin 4B/DDB1 Complex.
Pain management in cancer survivorship.
To what extent is the work environment of staff related to person-centred care? A cross-sectional study of residential aged care.
Risk of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease in Female Adults With Primary Sjögren Syndrome: A Nationwide Population-Based Cohort Study.
The Association of Sjögren Syndrome and Autoimmune Thyroid Disorders.
Is Corticospinal Tract Degeneration Caused by Sjögren Syndrome?
Correction to: Laser-assisted surgery of the upper aero-digestive tract: a clarification of nomenclature. A consensus statement of the European Laryngological Society.
Human in vivo regional intestinal permeability: quantitation using site-specific drug absorption data.
Safety and efficacy of well managed warfarin. A report from the Swedish quality register Auricula.
Bilateral Lacrimal Gland Lymphoma in Sjögren Syndrome.
Increased Risks of Spontaneous Bacterial Peritonitis and Interstitial Lung Disease in Primary Biliary Cirrhosis Patients With Concomitant Sjögren Syndrome.
Tubulointerstitial nephritis in primary Sjögren syndrome: clinical manifestations and response to treatment.
Neuromyelitis optica spectrum disorder complicated with Sjogren syndrome successfully treated with tocilizumab: A case report.
The inhibitory effects of antimuscarinic autoantibodies in the sera of primary Sjogren syndrome patients on the gastrointestinal motility.
Renal involvement in primary Sjögren syndrome.
Interstitial Cystitis: An uncommon revelation in primitive Sjögren syndrome.
High-resolution optical coherence tomography, autofluorescence, and infrared reflectance imaging in Sjögren reticular dystrophy.
Temporal analysis of reciprocal miRNA-mRNA expression patterns predicts regulatory networks during differentiation in human skeletal muscle cells.
Marinesco-Sjögren Syndrome in an Emirati Child with a Novel Mutation in SIL1 Affecting the 5' Untranslated Region.
Clinical and Molecular Inflammatory Response in Sjögren Syndrome-Associated Dry Eye Patients Under Desiccating Stress.
Pleuritis associated with primary Sjogren syndrome.
Gougerot-Sjogren-like syndrome under PD-1 inhibitor treatment.
Does mutual compensation of the cognitive effects induced by pain and opioids exist? An experimental study.
Sjögren syndrome or sjögren disease? The histological and immunological bias caused by the 2002 criteria.
Systematic review of randomized controlled trials in the treatment of dry eye disease in Sjogren syndrome.
Serologic Markers Are Associated With Ocular Staining Score in Primary Sjögren Syndrome.
Tubulointerstitial Nephritis in Sjögren Syndrome Treated With Mycophenolate Mofetil.
[Amyopathic dermatomyositis (DM) with anti-MDA5 antibodies, associated with bullous pemphigoid, Sjögren syndrome and gastric MALT lymphoma].
Primary Sjögren Syndrome With Pleural Effusion.
Sonographic diagnosis of Sjögren syndrome: evaluation of parotid gland vascularity as a diagnostic tool.
Large contiguous gene deletions in Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
How hepatitis C virus modifies the immunological profile of Sjögren syndrome: analysis of 783 patients.
Effect of Lid Debridement-Scaling in Sjögren Syndrome Dry Eye.
Chronic pain, opioid prescriptions, and mortality in Denmark: A population-based cohort study.
Effectiveness of Autologous Serum Eye Drops Combined With Punctal Plugs for the Treatment of Sjögren Syndrome-Related Dry Eye.
Dietary patterns and cognitive dysfunction in a 12-year follow-up study of 70 year old men.
Erratum Regarding "AJKD Atlas of Renal Pathology: Kidney Disease in Primary Sjögren Syndrome" (Am J Kidney Dis. 2017;69[6]:e29-e30).
First Pediatric Patient With Neuromyelitis Optica and Sjögren Syndrome Successfully Treated With Tocilizumab.
Erratum to: Prevalence and characterization of non-sicca onset primary Sjögren syndrome with interstitial lung involvement.
Comparative Evaluation of Silicone Hydrogel Contact Lenses and Autologous Serum for Management of Sjögren Syndrome-Associated Dry Eye.
Recurrent submandibular gland swelling as a first manifestation in a child with primary Sjögren syndrome.
Right ventricular performance after valve repair for chronic degenerative mitral regurgitation.
Multifocal Osteoarticular Tuberculosis in a Lupus With Sjogren Syndrome Patient.
The chromosomal association of the Smc5/6 complex depends on cohesion and predicts the level of sister chromatid entanglement.
Stand up for health--avoiding sedentary behaviour might lengthen your telomeres: secondary outcomes from a physical activity RCT in older people.
Efficacy and Safety of Rituximab in Systemic Lupus Erythematosus and Sjögren Syndrome Patients With Refractory Thrombocytopenia: A Retrospective Study of 21 Cases.
Interleukin (IL)-22 receptor 1 is over-expressed in primary Sjogren's syndrome and Sjögren-associated non-Hodgkin lymphomas and is regulated by IL-18.
Peripheral neuropathies in Sjogren syndrome: a new reappraisal.
Soft tissue trauma and scar revision.
Introduction. DNA damage and repair.
Risk of Thrombosis in Sjögren Syndrome: The Open Question of Endothelial Function Immune-mediated Dysregulation.
Skin Ultrastructural Findings in Acquired Generalized Hypohidrosis/Anhidrosis in a Patient with Subclinical Sjögren Syndrome.
Tracheobronchial amyloidosis in a patient with Sjogren syndrome.
Dermatophytosis and Sjögren-Larsson syndrome: foe or friend?
Comment on: "The Prevalence of Dry Eye and Sjögren Syndrome in Patients with Migraine".
Pharmacokinetics of an injectable modified-release 2-hydroxyflutamide formulation in the human prostate gland using a semiphysiologically based biopharmaceutical model.
Connective tissue diseases: Mycobacterial infection and Sjögren syndrome.
Development of new extra-glandular manifestations or associated auto-immune diseases after establishing the diagnosis of primary Sjögren's syndrome : A long-term study of the Antonius Nieuwegein Sjögren (ANS) cohort.
[Paediatric palliative care in Denmark should be strengthened].
Identification of protein kinase C activation as a novel mechanism for RGS2 protein upregulation through phenotypic screening of natural product extracts.
A new approach for sternotomy incision--a possibility for improved sternal wound healing.
A pathogenetic role for IL-21 in primary Sjögren syndrome.
Acute kidney injury assessed by cystatin C after transcatheter aortic valve implantation and late renal dysfunction.
Pediatric Neuromyelitis Optica Spectrum Disorder and Sjögren Syndrome: More Common Than Previously Thought?
Symptomatic Narcolepsy in Sjögren Syndrome.
AJKD Atlas of Renal Pathology: Kidney Disease in Primary Sjögren Syndrome.
Recurrent Hypokalemic Periodic Paralysis Unmasks Sjogren Syndrome without Sicca Symptoms.
Primary Sjögren syndrome in Han Chinese: clinical and immunological characteristics of 483 patients.
Age-Related Conjunctival Disease in the C57BL/6.NOD-Aec1Aec2 Mouse Model of Sjögren Syndrome Develops Independent of Lacrimal Dysfunction.
Prediction of 30-day mortality after transcatheter aortic valve implantation: a comparison of logistic EuroSCORE, STS score, and EuroSCORE II.
[Paediatric palliative care in Denmark should be strengthened].
The DOMUS study protocol: a randomized clinical trial of accelerated transition from oncological treatment to specialized palliative care at home.
The maintenance of chromosome structure: positioning and functioning of SMC complexes.
Occupational exposure to particles and incidence of stroke.
Sjögren-Larsson syndrome due to a novel mutation in the FALDH gene.
A case report of Sjögren syndrome manifesting bilateral basal ganglia lesions.
Connective tissue diseases: Sjögren syndrome genetics vary according to ancestry.
Oral sugar clearance and other caries-related factors of stimulated whole saliva in patients with secondary Sjögren syndrome.
18F-FDG PET/CT in multisystem Sjögren syndrome.
Critical differences in toxicity mechanisms in induced pluripotent stem cell-derived hepatocytes, hepatic cell lines and primary hepatocytes.
Association of IL-21 cytokine with severity of primary Sjögren syndrome dry eye.
Biomarkers. Saliva proteomics is a promising tool to study Sjögren syndrome.
In vivo methods for drug absorption - comparative physiologies, model selection, correlations with in vitro methods (IVIVC), and applications for formulation/API/excipient characterization including food effects.
Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome protein SIL1 regulates motor neuron subtype-selective ER stress in ALS.
Pulmonary cryptococcosis in childhood systemic lupus erythematosus and Sjögren syndrome overlap: a rare opportunistic infection.
[Cardiac manifestations in Sjogren syndrome].
Thymoma associated with myasthenia gravis and Sjögren syndrome.
Reciprocal relation between GADD153 and Del-1 in regulation of salivary gland inflammation in Sjögren syndrome.
Adult-onset hypophosphatemic osteomalacia associated with Sjogren syndrome: Clinical case report.
Meta-analysis of anti-muscarinic receptor type 3 antibodies for the diagnosis of Sjögren syndrome.
Acupuncture for Primary Sjögren Syndrome (pSS) on symptomatic improvements: study protocol for a randomized controlled trial.
Hepatitis C Virus Induced Sjogren Syndrome - Clinical and Imaging Features.
[In Process Citation].
Cystic lung lesions in Sjogren syndrome: analysis of lymphocyte subsets in tissue with clinico-radiologic-pathologic correlation.
Topical fluorometholone treatment for ocular dryness in patients with Sjögren syndrome: a randomized clinical trial in China.
[Long-term treatment with opioid drugs].
Quantitative analysis of the chloroplast molecular chaperone ClpC/Hsp93 in Arabidopsis reveals new insights into its localization, interaction with the Clp proteolytic core, and functional importance.
Sjögren Syndrome and Work Disability.
Crystal structure of microsomal prostaglandin E2 synthase provides insight into diversity in the MAPEG superfamily.
Connective tissue diseases: Refining the classification criteria for primary Sjögren syndrome.
Sensory Ganglionopathy Associated With Sjögren Syndrome.
[Clinical and histological experience of labial lip biopsy in juvenile Sjögren syndrome].
Proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy findings and clinical effects of montelukast sodium in a case with Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
Complication of chronic eosinophilic pneumonia in an elderly patient with Sjögren syndrome.
Refractory primary Sjögren syndrome successfully treated with bortezomib.
[Welders may need pneumococcal vaccine. National immunization program should include this high risk group].
Abnormal fatty alcohol metabolism in cultured keratinocytes from patients with Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
Limb weakness and pain in a patient with primary Sjögren syndrome.
Rupture of a spinal artery aneurysm attributable to exacerbated Sjögren syndrome: case report.
Identifying primary Sjögren syndrome in children: case report.
Connective tissue diseases: New cellular players in Sjögren syndrome pathogenesis.
Progressive cerebellar degeneration revealing Primary Sjögren Syndrome: a case report.
Probiotics protect mice from ovariectomy-induced cortical bone loss.
[Laryngeal MALT lymphoma with known Sjögren syndrome].
Answer to Photo Quiz: Limb weakness and pain in a patient with primary Sjögren syndrome.
Symptoms mimicking Sjögren syndrome in a heterozygous carrier of CFTR deltaF508 mutation.
Granuloma faciale, rheumatoid arthritis and Sjögren syndrome: is there a link?
Unusual presentation of Sjögren syndrome: multiple parotid cysts.
Bacterial glycosidases in pathogenesis and glycoengineering.
Dietary patterns and prostate cancer risk: report from the population based ULSAM cohort study of Swedish men.
Optimized experimental design for the estimation of enzyme kinetic parameters: an experimental evaluation.
[Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome complicated by pulmonary aspergillosis].
[Blow out hemorrhage in the head and neck region in practice. Suggestions for what we can, may and should do].
Preservation of bacterial DNA by human dentin.
Epigenetics: DNA methylation signatures in Sjögren syndrome.
Addictive behaviors related to opioid use for chronic pain: a population-based study.
Karl Gustaf Torsten Sjögren and Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
Sjögren Syndrome in the Twenty-First Century.
Effect of rebamipide ophthalmic suspension on signs and symptoms of keratoconjunctivitis sicca in Sjögren syndrome patients with or without punctal occlusions.
[Opioids can modulate the immune system].
[Penile malignant melanoma of the glans penis].
Hypokalemic quadriparesis in Sjogren syndrome.
Rituximab for Sjögren syndrome-associated type II mixed cryoglobulinemic cerebral vasculitis.
Sjögren syndrome.
Severe Sensory Neuronopathy in Primary Sjögren Syndrome Resulting in Charcot Arthropathy.
Severe Thrombocytopenia as Initial Signs of Primary Sjögren Syndrome in a 9-Year-Old Female.
Left atrial reverse remodeling following valve surgery for chronic degenerative mitral regurgitation in patients with preoperative sinus rhythm: effects on long-term outcome.
Mandibular incisor alignment and dental arch changes 1 year after extraction of deciduous canines.
Diagnosis and management of Sjögren syndrome.
Pulmonary involvement in Sjögren syndrome.
Effective visualization of integrated knowledge and data to enable informed decisions in drug development and translational medicine.
EndoS2 is a unique and conserved enzyme of serotype M49 group A Streptococcus that hydrolyses N-linked glycans on IgG and α1-acid glycoprotein.
[Two cases of myelitis associated with Sjögren syndrome without xerosis: characteristic MRI findings].
Shunt reversal due to deterioration of chloroquine-induced cardiomyopathy in a patient with primary Sjögren syndrome.
Sjogren syndrom and mixed nephropathy. Significance of early kidney biopsy.
Inhibition of the Smc5/6 complex during meiosis perturbs joint molecule formation and resolution without significantly changing crossover or non-crossover levels.
Management of hepatitis C.
Enzymatic diagnosis of Sjögren-Larsson syndrome using electrospray ionization mass spectrometry.
Comparison of clinical efficacies of autologous serum eye drops in patients with primary and secondary Sjögren syndrome.
Sjögren-Larsson syndrome: phenotypic variability in two brothers with a neurocutaneous disorder.
Prescribing opioids for chronic noncancer pain: predicting response and assessing risk factors.
Laryngeal sarcoidosis: a case report presenting transglottic involvement.
An Indian family with Sjögren-Larsson syndrome caused by a novel ALDH3A2 mutation.
Use of a novel high-resolution magnetic resonance neurography protocol to detect abnormal dorsal root Ganglia in Sjögren patients with neuropathic pain: case series of 10 patients and review of the literature.
Myopathy in Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome links endoplasmic reticulum chaperone dysfunction to nuclear envelope pathology.
Primary Sjögren Syndrome in a Child with a Neuromyelitis Optica Spectrum Disorder.
Person-centredness and its association with resident well-being in dementia care units.
Systemic light chain amyloidosis and Sjogren syndrome: an uncommon association.
The gut microbiota regulates bone mass in mice.
Sjögren-Larsson syndrome: A study of clinical symptoms in six children.
E2/Estrogen receptor/sjogren syndrome-associated autoantigen relieves coactivator activator-induced G1/S arrest to promote breast tumorigenicity.
Midterm results of surgery for adults with congenital heart disease centralized to a Swedish cardiothoracic center.
The IL33/ST2 axis in Sjogren syndrome in relation to disease activity.
Serologic Markers and Ocular Staining Score in Primary Sjögren Syndrome.
An in vitro evaluation of the biological effects of carbon nanotube-coated dental zirconia.
A nationwide survey on Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome in Japan.
Pulmonary involvement in Sjögren syndrome.
Patients with Sjögren-Larsson syndrome lack macular pigment.
In silico predictions of gastrointestinal drug absorption in pharmaceutical product development: application of the mechanistic absorption model GI-Sim.
Primary Diffuse Large B-Cell Lymphoma of the Liver in a Patient with Sjogren Syndrome.
CD8⁺ cells regulate the T helper-17 response in an experimental murine model of Sjögren syndrome.
Refractory thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura associated with primary Sjogren syndrome treated with rituximab: a case report.
Zileuton for Pruritus in Sjögren-Larsson Syndrome: A Randomized Double-blind Placebo-controlled Crossover Trial.
Psychometric evaluation of the Swedish version of the Person-Centered Care Assessment Tool (P-CAT).
Successful treatment of protein-losing gastroenteropathy with steroid pulse and immunosuppressive therapies in a patient with sjögren syndrome.
Sjogren-Larsson syndrome: A case report of a rare disease.
A case of Sjögren-Larsson syndrome with minimal MR imaging findings facilitated by proton spectroscopy.
Fatal carbon monoxide intoxication after acetylene gas welding of pipes.
Treatment of primary Sjögren syndrome with rituximab: a randomized trial.
Diagnosis of Sjögren-Larsson syndrome by magnetic resonance spectroscopy.
Retained drug-eluting stents and recalcitrant chronic rhinosinusitis: A case report.
Distal renal tubular acidosis associated with Sjogren syndrome.
Sjögren syndrome: what and where are we looking for?
[Sjögren-Larsson syndrome: 2 case reports].
[Neuromyelitis optica in a patient with Sjögren syndrome with distal renal tubular acidosis: case report].
Neurological involvement in primary Sjögren syndrome: a focus on central nervous system.
Plant-Derived Chimeric Virus Particles for the Diagnosis of Primary Sjögren Syndrome.
Use of the carbon dioxide laser for tracheobronchial lesions in children.
[Clinical characteristics of primary biliary cirrhosis complicating Sjögren syndrome].
Cost of composite and glass ionomer class II molar restorations and theoretical analyses of cost per year of function at public dental services in Sweden.
[Diagnostic (Classification) Criteria and Treatment Guidelines of Collagen-vascular Diseases: Hos to Use and Cautions on Applying Them for General Physicians. Topics: VII. Sjögren Syndrome].
[Optical coherence tomography in Sjögren-Larsson Syndrome diagnosis].
Monoclonal gammopathy related to Sjögren syndrome: a key marker of disease prognosis and outcomes.
Elevated Plasma P-Selectin Autoantibodies in Primary Sjögren Syndrome Patients with Thrombocytopenia.
DNA binding to hydroxyapatite: a potential mechanism for preservation of microbial DNA.
Syphilis in the most at-risk populations in Latin America and the Caribbean: a systematic review.
Primary Sjögren syndrome in a 2-year-old patient: role of the dentist in diagnosis and dental management with a 6-year follow-up.
ENaC in the Rabbit Lacrimal Gland and its Changes During Sjögren Syndrome and Pregnancy.
Nils Rosén von Rosenstein--the father of paediatrics.
[Relapsing vascular purpura and Sjögren syndrome: what is the link?].
Sjögren Syndrome-Associated Small Fiber Neuropathy: Characterization From a Prospective Series of 40 Cases.
Diagnosis and treatment of primary Sjögren syndrome-associated peripheral neuropathy: a six-case series.
Determinants of left atrial reverse remodeling after valve surgery for degenerative mitral regurgitation.
Prediction of mild cognitive impairment that evolves into Alzheimer's disease dementia within two years using a gene expression signature in blood: a pilot study.
Orbital Myositis and Primary Sjögren Syndrome.
Osteomalacia as inaugural manifestation of Sjögren syndrome.
Topical treatment of CHILD nevus and Sjögren-Larsson Syndrome with combined lovastatin and cholesterol.
Shrinking Lung in Primary Sjogrën Syndrome Successfully Treated with Rituximab.
MR spectroscopy and diffusion tensor imaging of the brain in Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
Teaching NeuroImages: Primary Sjögren syndrome presenting as isolated lesion of medulla oblongata.
Rare presentation of a gastrointestinal stromal tumor with spontaneous esophageal perforation: A case report.
White matter abnormalities in primary Sjögren syndrome.
Sjogren-larsson syndrome: case report and review of neurologic abnormalities and ichthyosis.
A Turkish family with Sjögren-Larsson syndrome caused by a novel ALDH3A2 mutation.
Tear osmolarity in Sjögren syndrome.
Prognostic value of pulmonary hypertension in patients undergoing surgery for degenerative mitral valve disease with leaflet prolapse.
Ethics of health screening.
Fundus autofluorescence changes in two cases of Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
Prevention of hepatitis B in nonresponders to initial hepatitis B virus vaccination.
Sjögren-Larsson syndrome: molecular genetics and biochemical pathogenesis of fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase deficiency.
[Danish Palliative Database].
Chorea as the initial manifestation of Sjögren syndrome.
[Abnormal corticogenesis in Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome].
[Question: Please explain Sjögren disease].
Visante optical coherence tomography and tear function test evaluation of cholinergic treatment response in patients with sjögren syndrome.
Elevated immunoglobulin to tissue KLK11 in patients with Sjögren syndrome.
Two-year outcome of partial lacrimal punctal occlusion in the management of dry eye related to Sjögren syndrome.
The minor salivary gland biopsy as a diagnostic tool for Sjogren syndrome.
Aquaporin-4-positive myelitis associated with Sjögren syndrome and colonic adenocarcinoma.
Safety and efficacy of 0.1% clobetasone butyrate eyedrops in the treatment of dry eye in Sjögren syndrome.
Cardiotonic steroids stabilize regulator of G protein signaling 2 protein levels.
Sjögren-Larsson syndrome: motor performance and everyday functioning in 17 patients.
Sjögren syndrome presenting with encephalopathy mimicking Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease.
Rare diagnosis of IgG4-related systemic disease by lip biopsy in an international Sjögren syndrome registry.
Evaluation of tear osmolarity in non-Sjögren and Sjögren Syndrome dry eye patients with the TearLab system.
MUC19 expression in human ocular surface and lacrimal gland and its alteration in Sjögren syndrome patients.
[Successful treatment with rituximab in a patient with primary thymic MALT lymphoma complicated with acquired von Willebrand syndrome and Sjögren syndrome].
Teaching NeuroImages: Primary Sjögren syndrome presenting as isolated lesion of medulla oblongata.
Temporomandibular joint dislocation during tracheal intubation in a patient with Sjogren syndrome.
Primary Sjögren syndrome: an update on current pharmacotherapy options and future directions.
Primary Sjögren syndrome complicated by autoimmune hemolytic anemia and pure red cell aplasia.
Functional changes in adipose tissue in a randomised controlled trial of physical activity.
Cutaneous microdialysis: cytokine evidence for altered innate reactivity in the skin of psoriasis patients?
MALT lymphoma in labial salivary gland biopsy from Sjögren syndrome: importance of follow-up in early detection.
Autoimmune haemolytic anaemia as an initial presentation of primary Sjögren syndrome.
[A case of Sjögren syndrome with nifedipine-induced pneumonia].
Severe alterations in expression and localisation of {alpha}6{beta}4 integrin in salivary gland acini from patients with Sjogren syndrome.
[A case of neuromyelitis optica spectrum disorder associated with a limited cutaneous systemic sclerosis and Sjögren syndrome].
Different lymphoproliferative disorders in different salivary glands of primary Sjögren syndrome.
Cerebral venous thrombosis revealing primary sjögren syndrome: report of 2 cases.
An unexpected diagnosis in a dyspnoeic patient with primary Sjogren syndrome.
Evaluation of lipid oxidative stress status in Sjögren syndrome patients.
Renal involvement in primary Sjogren syndrome of childhood: case report and literature review.
[Clinical usefulness of Beta2microglobulin in patients with Primary Sjögren Syndrome].
Pulmonary nodular amyloidosis in Sjögren syndrome.
A case of HIV-associated diffuse infiltrative lymphocytosis syndrome simulating primary Sjögren syndrome and BALT Lymphoma.
High-resolution copy number array in the molecular cytogenetic diagnostics             of pediatric malignant hematological disorders.
The clinical significance of anti-cyclic citrullinated peptide antibody in primary Sjögren syndrome.
Unusual presentation of Sjögren syndrome.
Lacrimal punctum occlusion in the treatment of severe keratoconjunctivitis Sicca caused by Sjögren syndrome: a uniocular evaluation.
The pharmacokinetics and hepatic disposition of repaglinide in pigs: mechanistic modeling of metabolism and transport.
Neurological involvement in Primary Sjögren Syndrome.
Primary Sjögren syndrome presenting with hemolytic anemia and pure red cell aplasia following delivery due to Coombs-negative autoimmune hemolytic anemia and hemophagocytosis.
Sjogren syndrome antigen B (SSB)/La promotes global microRNA expression by binding microRNA precursors through stem-loop recognition.
Sjögren syndrome.
Human and viral microRNA expression in Sjögren syndrome.
Parenthood and factors that influence outdoor recreational physical activity from a gender perspective.
Negative-pressure wound therapy following cardiac surgery: bleeding complications and 30-day mortality in 176 patients with deep sternal wound infection.
SIL1-negative Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome: First report of two sibs from India.
Treatment of primary Sjögren syndrome with rituximab. In response.
Long-term outcome of multidisciplinary intervention of chronic non-cancer pain patients in a private setting.
Unusual cancer in primary Sjögren syndrome.
[A case of protein-losing gastroenteropathy accompanied by Sjögren syndrome and mixed connective tissue disease].
Speech-language performance in Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
Tear proteomic analysis of Sjögren syndrome patients with dry eye syndrome by two-dimensional-nano-liquid chromatography coupled with tandem mass spectrometry.
Managing Sjögren's Syndrome and non-Sjögren Syndrome dry eye with anti-inflammatory therapy.
[The clinical observation of different therapeutic strategies in combined primary biliary cirrhosis and Sjögren syndrome].
Primary Sjogren syndrome masquerading as a false-positive venereal disease research laboratory and fluorescent treponemal antibody absorption test in an elderly woman.
Treatment of primary Sjögren syndrome with rituximab.
Pristane in diesel exhaust a possible link to multiple myeloma.
[Juvenile Gougerot Sjögren syndrome: report of 3 cases].
Sjögren's Before Sjögren: Did Henrik Sjögren (1899-1986) Really Discover Sjögren's Disease?
Progress towards mechanism-based treatment for Diamond-Blackfan anemia.
Semi-automatic segmentation of myocardium at risk in T2-weighted cardiovascular magnetic resonance.
Allogeneic mesenchymal stem cell treatment alleviates experimental and clinical Sjögren syndrome.
Fluoride exposure and respiratory symptoms in welders.
Sjögren syndrome and neuromyelitis optica spectrum disorder co-exist in a common autoimmune milieu.
Neuromyelitis optica spectrum disorder and Sjögren syndrome are overlapping disorders and participate in the same autoimmunity context?
Sjögren syndrome.
A population-based cohort study on chronic pain: the role of opioids.
Abnormal ocular electrophysiology in Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
Pulmonary alveolar proteinosis as an unusual pattern of lung involvement in Sjögren syndrome.
The classification criteria for Sjögren syndrome: issues for their improvement from the study of a large Italian cohort of patients.
Non-analgesic effects of opioids: the cognitive effects of opioids in chronic pain of malignant and non-malignant origin. An update.
The SMC complexes, DNA and chromosome topology: right or knot?
How is neuropathic cancer pain assessed in randomised controlled trials?
Mediterranean and carbohydrate-restricted diets and mortality among elderly men: a cohort study in Sweden.
Factor analysis of the clinical characteristics of primary Sjogren syndrome.
Subgroups of Sjögren syndrome patients according to serological profiles.
The diagnostic significance of Fourier-domain optical coherence tomography in Sjögren syndrome, aqueous tear deficiency and lipid tear deficiency patients.
Factors influencing dry mouth in patients with primary Sjögren syndrome: usefulness of the ESSPRI index.
Chondrodysplasia punctata associated with maternal Sjögren syndrome.
[Anti-HCV and HCV RNA in patients with the primary Sjögren syndrome].
Sjögren-larsson syndrome: a study of clinical symptoms and dermatological treatment in 34 Swedish patients.
Amicrobial pustulosis associated with autoimmune disease in a patient with Sjögren syndrome and IgA nephropathy.
Interstitial-type granuloma annulare associated with Sjögren syndrome.
Thymalfasin: an immune system enhancer for the treatment of liver disease.
Reversal of premature ovarian failure in a patient with Sjögren syndrome using an elimination diet protocol.
Orthodontic study cast analysis--reproducibility of recordings and agreement between conventional and 3D virtual measurements.
[Multiple nodular pulmonary amyloidosis complicated with Sjögren syndrome].
[Primary Sjögren syndrome].
Predictive role of tear protein expression in the early diagnosis of Sjögren's syndrome.
Bilateral sequential optic neuropathy as the initial manifestation of Sjögren syndrome.
Summaries for patients. Does rituximab help patients with primary Sjögren syndrome?
Does rituximab help patients with primary Sjögren syndrome?
Thymalfasin: an immune system enhancer for the treatment of liver disease.
Occupational exposure to air pollutants, inflammation and ischemic heart disease.
Primary Sjögren syndrome.
Renal tubular dysfunction in patients with primary Sjögren syndrome.
Renal tubular acidosis, Sjögren syndrome, and bone disease.
Challenges related to palliative care.
Genetic variants in novel pathways influence blood pressure and cardiovascular disease risk.
Mortality from ischaemic heart disease in textile workers.
[Primitive Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome revealed by a cortical cerebral thrombophlebitis].
Spinal opioids in adult patients with cancer pain: a systematic review: a European Palliative Care Research Collaborative (EPCRC) opioid guidelines project.
A gender perspective on factors that influence outdoor recreational physical activity among the elderly.
Primary anetoderma associated with primary Sjögren syndrome and anticardiolipin antibodies.
C-terminal mutations destabilize SIL1/BAP and can cause Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome.
An evidence-based oral hygiene education program for nursing staff.
Prognosis and outcome of non-Hodgkin lymphoma in primary Sjögren syndrome.
Recurrent parotitis as a presentation of primary pediatric Sjögren syndrome.
Systemic lupus erythematosus with Sjögren syndrome compared to systemic lupus erythematosus alone: a meta-analysis.
Gastrointestinal and hepatic manifestations of Sjogren syndrome.
Expression of podoplanin in minor salivary glands increases in primary Sjogren syndrome.
Study of the IgG endoglycosidase EndoS in group A streptococcal phagocyte resistance and virulence.
Optimal experimental design for assessment of enzyme kinetics in a drug discovery screening environment.
Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
[Case of Sjogren syndrome].
[Coherent palliative effort in health care].
Postoperative increase in B-type natriuretic peptide levels predicts adverse outcome after cardiac surgery.
A case of Sjögren syndrome with pulmonary amyloidosis complicating microscopic polyangiitis.
Autoantibodies present before symptom onset in primary Sjögren syndrome.
Rituximab-induced serum sickness in overlapping syndrome between sjögren syndrome and systemic lupus erythematosus.
Nonnecrobiotic necrobiotic xanthogranuloma as an initial manifestation of paraproteinemia and small lymphocytic lymphoma in a patient with Sjögren syndrome.
[The clinical relevance of opioid-induced hyperalgesia remains unresolved].
Two brominated cyclic dipeptides released by the coldwater marine sponge Geodia barretti act in synergy as chemical defense.
Primary Sjogren syndrome.
[The clinical characteristics of primary Sjögren syndrome with neuromyelitis optica].
[Vasculitic leg ulcers in primary Sjogren syndrome].
Chromosome length influences replication-induced topological stress.
Alteration of the unfolded protein response modifies neurodegeneration in a mouse model of Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome.
[Reversed halo sign in organizing pneumonia secondary to Sjögren syndrome].
Evaluation of dental hygiene education for nursing home staff.
Sjögren-larsson syndrome.
Anti-Ma2/Ta antibodies in a woman with primary lateral sclerosis-like phenotype and Sjögren syndrome.
Studying proteases and protein turnover in Arabidopsis chloroplasts.
Assembly of the chloroplast ATP-dependent Clp protease in Arabidopsis is regulated by the ClpT accessory proteins.
Hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis in a newborn infant born to a mother with Sjögren syndrome antibodies.
A 3D numerical simulation of stress distribution and fracture process in a zirconia-based FPD framework.
Are cutaneous microdialysis cytokine findings supported by end point biopsy immunohistochemistry findings?
Minor salivary gland biopsy to detect primary Sjogren syndrome in patients with interstitial lung disease.
Mass spectrometric and peptide chip characterization of an assembled epitope: analysis of a polyclonal antibody model serum directed against the Sjøgren/systemic lupus erythematosus autoantigen TRIM21.
Transapical versus transfemoral aortic valve implantation: a comparison of survival and safety.
[A case of Sjogren syndrome coexistent with MALT lymphoma occurring along the parotid gland and trachea].
New concepts in the pathogenesis of Sjögren syndrome: many questions, fewer answers.
[The licit opioid consumption in Denmark].
A survey of attitudes and perceptions toward oral hygiene among staff at a geriatric nursing home.
Classification and identification of opioid addiction in chronic pain patients.
Re: Fleming et al., 2003, National Health Interview Survey mortality among US farmers and pesticide applicators, and Lee et al., 2002, proportionate mortality of crop and livestock farmers in the United States, 1984-1993.
Persistence of dead-cell bacterial DNA in ex vivo root canals and influence of nucleases on DNA decay in vitro.
Heart transplantation with ABO-identical versus ABO-compatible cardiac grafts: influence on long-term survival.
[Acute axonal polyneuropathy and Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
The co-occurrence of endometriosis with multiple sclerosis, systemic lupus erythematosus and Sjogren syndrome.
Thinking outside of the "RGS box": new approaches to therapeutic targeting of regulators of G protein signaling.
Limbic encephalitis as the presenting feature of Sjögren syndrome.
[Fear of childbirth a challenge in health care. Cesarean section not the only way out, professional support during pregnancy and planned delivery a relief to many].
[A case of Sjögren syndrome with pulmonary nodular amyloidosis and pulmonary multiple cysts].
[Heart arrest in our fathers' tracks. Three successfully treated cases during the Vasa Ski Race 2010].
Inflammatory markers and exposure to occupational air pollutants.
A rare association of pulmonary carcinoid, lymphoma, and sjögren syndrome.
Coexistence of antilaminin-332-type mucous membrane pemphigoid, lamina lucida-type linear IgA bullous dermatosis and Sjögren syndrome.
Congenital heart block associated with Sjögren syndrome: case report.
[Sjögren syndrome].
Restoration of fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase deficiency in Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
[Saliva substitutes not very popular in patients with Sjogren Syndrome].
Degree of modification of Ro60 by the lipid peroxidation by-product 4-hydroxy-2-nonenal may differentially induce Sjögren syndrome or systemic lupus erythematosus in BALB/c mice.
[Successful treatment with prednisolone for autoimmune myelofibrosis accompanied with Sjögren syndrome].
The use of indexes in the interpretation of cerebrospinal fluid analyses.
Evaluation of patients with dry eye for presence of underlying Sjögren syndrome.
Maternal Sjögren syndrome and isolated complete fetal av block: prenatal diagnosis and therapy.
[Saliva substitutes not very popular in patients with Sjogren Syndrome].
Enlarging lung nodules and cysts in a 53-year-old woman with primary Sjögren syndrome.
Stimulation of both estrogen and androgen receptors maintains skeletal muscle mass in gonadectomized male mice but mainly via different pathways.
Typical neuroradiological features of sjogren-larsson syndrome. A case report.
Peripheral neuropathies associated with primary Sjögren syndrome: immunologic profiles of nonataxic sensory neuropathy and sensorimotor neuropathy.
[Clinical features of primary Sjogren syndrome in youth].
Multiple lesions of primary cutaneous nodular amyloidosis in Sjögren syndrome.
A child with primary Sjögren syndrome and a review of the literature.
Rituximab treatment for Sjogren syndrome-associated non-Hodgkin's lymphoma: case series.
A case of Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome: MRI observations of skeletal muscles, bone metabolism, and treatment with testosterone and risedronate.
Biomarkers of milk fat and the risk of myocardial infarction in men and women: a prospective, matched case-control study.
[Stroke--risk factors and primary prevention. Further studies on the role of air pollutants are needed].
Sjögren syndrome.
Pain and fear in connection to orthodontic extractions of deciduous canines.
[Sjögren syndrome in Obstetric and Gynecology: literature review].
Sjögren keratoconjunctivitis sicca treated with rituximab.
Juvenile Sjögren syndrome: distinctive age, unique findings.
[Macular crystalline dystrophy in Sjögren-Larsson syndrome: case report].
Neurological manifestations revealing primitive Gougerot-Sjogren syndrome: 9 cases.
Dermatologic manifestations of Sjögren syndrome.
Occurrence of Sjögren syndrome in a long-term survivor patient with metastatic colon carcinoma treated with GOLFIG regimen.
Tear evaporation rates in Sjögren syndrome and non-Sjögren dry eye patients.
Acute motor axonal neuropathy in association with Sjögren syndrome.
Sample size determination and statistical power in randomized controlled trials.
S-phase and DNA damage activated establishment of sister chromatid cohesion--importance for DNA repair.
Sustained response to rituximab in a patient with Sjögren´s syndrome and severe refractory polyneuropathy.
Epidemiology of chronic pain in Denmark: an update.
Hepatic disposition of ximelagatran and its metabolites in pig; prediction of the impact of membrane transporters through a simple disposition model.
[Quality of life more than five years after breast cancer--secondary publication].
Treatment options for HCV nonresponders and relapse patients.
[BAFF/APRIL pathway in Sjögren syndrome and systemic lupus erythematosus: relationship with chronic inflammation and disease activity].
[Sjogren syndrome: a review of the literature and a case report].
Oral involvement in primary Sjögren syndrome.
[Sjogren syndrome: are you familiar with it?].
Chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy associated with alopecia totalis and Sjögren syndrome.
[Pellucid marginal degeneration and corneal ulceration, associated with Sjögren syndrome].
The management of HCV-infected pregnant women.
Regulators of G protein signaling proteins as targets for drug discovery.
Is there progressive cognitive dysfunction in Sjögren Syndrome? A preliminary study.
Apoptosis and estrogen deficiency in primary Sjögren syndrome.
Immunization and the decline of viral hepatitis as a cause of acute liver failure.
[Intrauterine treatment of incomplete fetal heart block in a mother with Sjögren syndrome].
Mortality among British asbestos workers.
Carbonic anhydrase autoantibodies and sicca symptoms in primary Sjögren´s syndrome.
Influence of prosthesis-patient mismatch on left ventricular remodelling in severe aortic insufficiency.
Changes of chloride channels in the lacrimal glands of a rabbit model of Sjögren syndrome.
Diagnosing Sjögren-Larsson syndrome in a 7-year-old Moroccan boy.
A systematic review of the preventive effect of oral hygiene on pneumonia and respiratory tract infection in elderly people in hospitals and nursing homes: effect estimates and methodological quality of randomized controlled trials.
[Sjögren-Larsson syndrome: a novel mutation in a Moroccan child].
Sjögren syndrome: a review for the maxillofacial surgeon.
A novel homozygous missense mutation in the fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase gene causes Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
Extremely high salivary β(2) -microglobulin and Na(+)  levels in a Sjögren syndrome patient.
[Rejoiner to debate].
Voice profile after type I or II laser chordectomies for T1a glottic carcinoma.
A mandibular implant-supported fixed complete dental prosthesis in a patient with Sjogren syndrome: case report.
Sternocutaneous fistulas after cardiac surgery: incidence and late outcome during a ten-year follow-up.
A case of membranous nephropathy associated with Sjögren syndrome, polymyositis and autoimmune hepatitis.
Reduced sulfation of muc5b is linked to xerostomia in patients with Sjögren syndrome.
Multicentric reticulohistiocytosis: an autoimmune systemic disease? Case report of an association with erosive rheumatoid arthritis and systemic Sjogren syndrome.
Hypokalemic paralysis as primary presentation of Fanconi syndrome associated with Sjögren syndrome.
[Treatment of primary Sjögren syndrome].
Decreased thyroid uptake of Tc-99m pertechnetate in patients with advanced-stage Sjögren syndrome: evaluation using salivary gland scintigraphy.
Novel and recurrent ALDH3A2 mutations in Italian patients with Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
Ocular features of Sjogren-Larsson syndrome.
Discrepancy between clinical course and drug-induced lymphocyte stimulation tests in a case of saireito-induced liver injury accompanied by Sjögren syndrome.
[Sjögren syndrome].
Clinical and imaging findings of lymphoma in patients with Sjögren syndrome.
[Vacuum-assisted closure yields good clinical results. Good healing in complicated wounds--deep sternal infections an example].
[A case of Sjögren syndrome suspected, rheumatoid arthritis and Behcet's disease complicated with cochlear nerve and trigeminal nerve disorders].
Influence of previous tumours on survival in early (Tis-T1) glottic carcinoma.
Novel mutations in the SIL1 gene in a Japanese pedigree with the Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome.
High plasma concentrations of autoantibodies against native peptide 210 of apoB-100 are related to less coronary atherosclerosis and lower risk of myocardial infarction.
Salivary cytokine profiles in primary Sjögren's syndrome differ from those in non-Sjögren sicca in terms of TNF-α levels and Th-1/Th-2 ratios.
Correspondence between salivary proteomic pattern and clinical course in primary Sjögren syndrome and non-Hodgkin's lymphoma: a case report.
Periodontal disease and sjogren syndrome: a possible correlation?
Health science student teachers' perceptions of teacher competence: A qualitative study.
Alcohol and smoking behavior in chronic pain patients: the role of opioids.
Temporomandibular joint arthritis in pediatric sjogren disease and sarcoidosis.
A comparison of diagnostic tools for Sjögren syndrome, with emphasis on sialography, histopathology, and ultrasonography.
[A case of anti-aquaporin 4 antibody-positive Sjögren syndrome associated with a relapsed myelitis in pregnancy].
Starvation response and growth in serum of Fusobacterium nucleatum, Peptostreptococcus anaerobius, Prevotella intermedia, and Pseudoramibacter alactolyticus.
Elevated aromatase expression in osteoblasts leads to increased bone mass without systemic adverse effects.
Novel ALDH3A2 heterozygous mutations in a Japanese family with Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
Subclinical changes in the juvenile crystalline macular dystrophy in Sjögren-Larsson syndrome detected by optical coherence tomography.
Cognitive function and 99mTc-ECD brain SPECT are significantly correlated in patients with primary Sjogren syndrome: a case-control study.
Vacuum-assisted closure therapy for deep sternal wound infections: the impact of learning curve on survival and predictors for late mortality.
IL-12 overexpression in mice as a model for Sjögren lung disease.
Salivary dysfunction and quality of life in Sjögren syndrome: a critical oral-systemic connection.
Outcome of radiotherapy in T1 glottic carcinoma: a population-based study.
Bezafibrate induces FALDH in human fibroblasts; implications for Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
Association between Healthy Dietary Patterns and Self-Reported Sleep Disturbances in Older Men: The ULSAM Study.
Response surface optimization of polysaccharides extraction from Liriope roots and its modulatory effect on Sjogren syndrome.
[Sjögren-associated MALT-type lymphoma of labial salivary glands: rare constellation with amyloidosis and IgM-paraproteinemia].
DNase1 exon2 analysis in Tunisian patients with rheumatoid arthritis, systemic lupus erythematosus and Sjögren syndrome and healthy subjects.
In vivo confocal microscopy of conjunctival roundish bright objects: young, older, and Sjögren subjects.
Botulinum toxin injection: a novel treatment for recurrent cystic parotitis Sjögren syndrome.
B-type natriuretic peptide as a predictor of postoperative heart failure after aortic valve replacement.
Texture analysis of the epidermis based on fast Fourier transformation in Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
Hematologic manifestations and predictors of lymphoma development in primary Sjögren syndrome: clinical and pathophysiologic aspects.
[Central nervous system involvement in primary Sjögren syndrome].
Light-chain-restricted monocytoid B-cell cluster in reactive lymphadenitis associated with Sjögren syndrome.
Neuropsychiatric syndromes in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus and primary Sjögren syndrome: a comparative population-based study.
Patient-related barriers to cancer pain management: a systematic exploratory review.
Secondary cutaneous nodular AA amyloidosis in a patient with primary Sjögren syndrome and celiac disease.
Sjögren-Larsson syndrome: a case report and literature review.
Sjögren-Larsson syndrome in two brothers: a case report.
Brain abnormalities in Sjogren syndrome with recurrent CNS manifestations: association with neuromyelitis optica.
Is the blood B-cell subset profile diagnostic for Sjogren syndrome?
Decreased levels of the goblet cell mucin MUC5AC in tears of patients with Sjögren syndrome.
Criteria for diagnosis of Sjogren-Jones syndromes.
Sterile trauma to normal human dermis invariably induces IL1beta, IL6 and IL8 in an innate response to "danger".
The multiple depletion curves method provides accurate estimates of intrinsic clearance (CLint), maximum velocity of the metabolic reaction (Vmax), and Michaelis constant (Km): accuracy and robustness evaluated through experimental data and Monte Carlo simulations.
The cognitive effects of opioids in cancer: a systematic review.
Mechanistic modelling of intestinal drug absorption - The in vivo effects of nanoparticles, hydrodynamics, and colloidal structures.
Antifouling activity of the sponge metabolite agelasine D and synthesised analogs on Balanus improvisus.
[A case of subacute myelitis associated with primary Sjögren syndrome showing no MRI abnormality and diagnosed by somatosensory evoked potentials].
Atrophic change of tongue papilla in 44 patients with Sjögren syndrome.
[Small fibre neuropathy in primary Sjögren syndrome].
[Clonidine in the treatment of cancer pain].
Variants of the IL23R gene are associated with ankylosing spondylitis but not with Sjögren syndrome in Hungarian population samples.
Quantitative assessment of antibodies to ribonucleoproteins in primary Sjögren syndrome: correlation with B-cell biomarkers and disease activity.
Positive salivary gland biopsy, Sjögren syndrome, and neuropathy: clinical implications.
Expression of interferon regulatory factor 1, 3, and 7 in primary Sjögren syndrome.
Building biofilms in vital host tissues: a survival strategy of Actinomyces radicidentis.
Sjögren-Larsson syndrome in Brazil is caused by a common c.1108-1G-->C splice-site mutation in the ALDH3A2 gene.
Effect of surface treatments and aging in water on bond strength to zirconia.
Characterisation of recombinant human fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase: implications for Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
Primary and secondary Sjogren-Jones syndromes-historical evolution.
Ross syndrome with sweating anomaly associated with Sjögren syndrome: An infrared thermo-graphic case study.
Clinical outcome of T1 glottic carcinoma since the introduction of endoscopic CO2 laser surgery as treatment option.
Phenotypic variability among adult siblings with Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
Cholesterol reduction attenuates 5-HT1A receptor-mediated signaling in human primary neuronal cultures.
Treatment approaches in primary Sjogren syndrome.
[A forty-five-years-old woman suffered from Sjögren syndrome with progressive tetraparesis].
Weighted analysis of general microarray experiments.
Increased frequency of CD16+ monocytes and the presence of activated dendritic cells in salivary glands in primary Sjögren syndrome.
Experimental evidence supports the abscess theory of development of radicular cysts.
Voice outcome in T1a midcord glottic carcinoma: laser surgery vs radiotherapy.
Association of human T lymphotropic virus type I with Sjogren syndrome.
Unraveling the pathophysiology of Sjogren syndrome-associated dry eye disease.
Sjogren syndrome and dry eye: the impact of corneal refractive surgery.
Antiviral response of HCV genotype 1 to consensus interferon and ribavirin versus pegylated interferon and ribavirin.
Acquired Gitelman syndrome in a patient with primary Sjögren syndrome.
Realization of Ultrahigh Quality InGaN Platelets to be Used as Relaxed Templates for Red Micro-LEDs.
ABO blood group does not impact incidence or outcomes of surgery for acute type A aortic dissection.
Prevalence of alpha-fodrin antibodies in patients with chronic hepatitis C infection and Sjögren syndrome.
JAMA patient page. Sjögren syndrome.
Effects of hydroxychloroquine on salivary flow rates and oral complaints of Sjögren patients: a prospective sample study.
Immunological profile in primary Sjögren syndrome: clinical significance, prognosis and long-term evolution to other auto-immune disease.
[Primary Sjögren syndrome and hands edema].
Primary care in Minnesota: an academic health center's perspective.
Sjögren syndrome: more than dry eyes.
Primary Sjögren syndrome that developed after IgA nephropathy.
Proposal for a Core Outcome Set of Measurement Instruments to Assess Quality of Voice in Adductor Spasmodic Dysphonia Based on a Literature Review.
The effects of estradiol are modulated in a tissue-specific manner in mice with inducible inactivation of ERα after sexual maturation.
Well-being and thriving in sheltered housing versus ageing in place: Results from the U-age sheltered housing study.
Influence of prosthesis-patient mismatch on diastolic heart failure after aortic valve replacement.
The spatiotemporal spread of human migrations during the European Holocene.
Exploratory analyses of the Danish Palliative Care Trial (DanPaCT): a randomized trial of early specialized palliative care plus standard care versus standard care in advanced cancer patients.
In vitro prediction of organ toxicity: the challenges of scaling and secondary mechanisms of toxicity.
A study of the bending resistance of implant-supported reinforced alumina and machined zirconia abutments and copies.
[A case of multiple nodular pulmonary amyloidosis complicated with primary Sjogren syndrome].
Early specialised palliative care: interventions, symptoms, problems.
Mild to moderate cognitive impairment does not affect the ability to self-report important symptoms in cancer patients: a prospective longitudinal multi-national study (EPCCS).
Frequent false-negative FIP1L1-PDGFRA FISH analyses of bone marrow samples from clonal eosinophilia at diagnosis.
The effects of long-term opioid treatment on the immune system in chronic non-cancer pain patients: A systematic review.
Adductor spasmodic dysphonia: Botulinum toxin a injections or laser thyroarytenoid myoneurectomy? A comparison from the patient perspective.
Sjögren-like syndrome after bone marrow transplantation.
Primary Sjögren Syndrome with tumefactive central nervous system involvement.
Reduction of fatigue in Sjögren syndrome with rituximab: results of a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled pilot study.
[Neurological manifestations in Sjögren syndrome].
Imaging checklist for preoperative evaluation of laryngeal tumors to be treated by transoral microsurgery: guidelines from the European Laryngological Society.
Lipid Embolism in Obese Göttingen Minipigs.
Patient reported upper gastro-intestinal symptoms associated with fractionated image-guided conformal radiotherapy for metastatic spinal cord compression.
Disease-Modifying Effects of a Novel Cathepsin K Inhibitor in Osteoarthritis: A Randomized, Placebo-Controlled Study.
The gut microbiota is a major regulator of androgen metabolism in intestinal contents.
Open Systems Pharmacology Community-An Open Access, Open Source, Open Science Approach to Modeling and Simulation in Pharmaceutical Sciences.
A Moroccan patient with Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
Antecedents of Sjogren syndrome.
Autoimmune thyroid disease and Sjögren syndrome.
Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome with atrophy of the brain stem tegmentum and dysplastic cytoarchitecture in the cerebral cortex.
Lack of efficacy of etanercept in Sjögren syndrome correlates with failed suppression of tumour necrosis factor alpha and systemic immune activation.
Sicca syndrome and salivary gland infiltration in children with autoimmune disorders: when can we diagnose Sjögren syndrome?
Burning tongue and lips. Diagnosis: Sjögren syndrome with concurrent candidal infection.
Prescription of analgesics to long-term survivors of cancer in early adulthood, adolescence, and childhood in Norway: a national cohort study.
Development and testing of an instrument (HeSoEduCo) for health and social care educators' competence in professional education.
Embodying person-centred being and doing: Leading towards person-centred care in nursing homes as narrated by managers.
Autoantibodies against modified apolipoprotein B-100 in relation to low-density lipoprotein size and the metabolic syndrome in otherwise healthy men.
Measured and genetically predicted plasma YKL-40 levels and melanoma mortality.
Qualitative study of social and healthcare educators' perceptions of their competence in education.
Associations between person-centred climate and perceived quality of care in nursing homes: A cross-sectional study of relatives' experiences.
MR imaging and proton MR spectroscopic studies in Sjögren-Larsson syndrome: characterization of the leukoencephalopathy.
[Cyclic thrombocytopenia complicated with Sjögren syndrome and the mechanism of periodic platelet count fluctuation].
Tear lipocalin and lysozyme in Sjögren and non-Sjögren dry eye.
Novel SIL1 mutations and exclusion of functional candidate genes in Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome.
Assessment of alveolar epithelial permeability with Tc-99m DTPA aerosol scintigraphy in patients with Sjogren syndrome.
Seronegative Sjögren syndrome with asymptomatic autoimmune sclerosing pancreatitis.
Orthostatic hypotension and novel blood pressure associated gene variants in older adults: data from the TILDA Study.
THE CONCISE GUIDE TO PHARMACOLOGY 2019/20: Introduction and Other Protein Targets.
The thriving of older people assessment scale: Psychometric evaluation and short-form development.
Difference in Outcome Following Surgery for Native Aortic and Mitral Valve Infective Endocarditis.
Neutral oligosaccharides in colostrum in relation to maternal allergy and allergy development in children up to 18 months of age.
Voice outcome indicators for unilateral vocal fold paralysis surgery: A survey among surgeons.
Sjögren-Larsson syndrome: diversity of mutations and polymorphisms in the fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase gene (ALDH3A2).
MR imaging findings in hands in early rheumatoid arthritis: comparison with those in systemic lupus erythematosus and primary Sjögren syndrome.
Exercise treatment effect modifiers in persistent low back pain: an individual participant data meta-analysis of 3514 participants from 27 randomised controlled trials.
Inflammatory and coagulatory markers and exposure to different size fractions of particle mass, number and surface area air concentrations in Swedish iron foundries, in particular respirable quartz.
Effects of Pretreatment, Specimen Thickness, and Artificial Aging on Biaxial Flexural Strength of Two Types of Y-TZP Ceramics.
The evolutionary species pool concept does not explain occurrence patterns of dead-wood-dependent organisms: implications for logging residue extraction.
Neurological pictures. Primary Sjögren syndrome presenting as neuromyelitis optica.
Identification of a new homozygous frameshift insertion mutation in the SIL1 gene in 3 Japanese patients with Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome.
Exocrine function in primary Sjögren syndrome: natural course and prognostic factors.
Markers of endothelial activity are related to components of the metabolic syndrome, but not to circulating concentrations of the advanced glycation end-product N epsilon-carboxymethyl-lysine in healthy Swedish men.
The meaning of working in a person-centred way in nursing homes: a phenomenological-hermeneutical study.
doepipeline: a systematic approach to optimizing multi-level and multi-step data processing workflows.
The Coagulopathy of Acute Type A Aortic Dissection: A Prospective, Observational Study.
Adeno-associated virus vectors are able to restore fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase-deficiency. Implications for gene therapy in Sjogren-Larsson syndrome.
Sexuality after delivery with episiotomy: a long-term follow-up.
Joint and unique multiblock analysis of biological data - multiomics malaria study.
Sjögren syndrome: reduced quality of life as an oral-systemic consequence.
Conjunctival in vivo confocal scanning laser microscopy in patients with Sjögren syndrome.
Correspondence between clinical improvement and proteomic changes of the salivary peptide complex in a child with primary Sjögren syndrome.
Sudden death from ischaemic heart disease in a female patient with Sjögren syndrome: a case report.
Primary Sjögren syndrome in Spain: clinical and immunologic expression in 1010 patients.
Pulmonary Dissolution of Poorly Soluble Compounds Studied in an ex Vivo Rat Lung Model.
Mapping human mobility during the third and second millennia BC in present-day Denmark.
Vocal fold scars: a common classification proposal by the American Laryngological Association and European Laryngological Society.
Intramedullary Sjögren syndrome.
Prevalence of Sjogren syndrome among Nagasaki atomic bomb survivors.
The population history of northeastern Siberia since the Pleistocene.
The role of von Willebrand factor in acute type A aortic dissection and aortic surgery.
Chronic Pain, Opioid Therapy, Sexual Desire, and Satisfaction in Sexual Life: A Population-Based Survey.
Comments on atrophic lingual papillae and candidiasis in Sjögren syndrome.
Epistasis between the MHC and the RCA alpha block in primary Sjögren syndrome.
[The medicine and drug-abusing patient].
Poststernotomy mediastinitis: a review of conventional surgical treatments, vacuum-assisted closure therapy and presentation of the Lund University Hospital mediastinitis algorithm.
Association between carbohydrate intake and fatty acids in the de novo lipogenic pathway in serum phospholipids and adipose tissue in a population of Swedish men.
Liver Cancer Cell Lines Treated with Doxorubicin under Normoxia and Hypoxia: Cell Viability and Oncologic Protein Profile.
Patient reported outcomes and neuropsychological testing in patients with chronic non-cancer pain in long-term opioid therapy: a pilot study.
Residing in sheltered housing versus ageing in place - Population characteristics, health status and social participation.
Meland and co-workers respond.
Unraveling ancestry, kinship, and violence in a Late Neolithic mass grave.
A multi-level response to DNA damage induced by aluminium.
Does the Intake of Ethanol Affect Oral Absorption of Poorly Soluble Drugs?
Associations between job satisfaction, person-centredness, and ethically difficult situations in nursing homes-A cross-sectional study.
[Cognition disorders and associated behaviors associated with Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
Rapid automated test detects antibodies in patients with sjogren syndrome.
Progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy and CD4+ T-lymphocytopenia in a patient with Sjögren syndrome.
Right ventricular remodeling after conduit replacement in patients with corrected tetralogy of Fallot - evaluation by cardiac magnetic resonance.
Malperfusion in acute type A aortic dissection: An update from the Nordic Consortium for Acute Type A Aortic Dissection.
The influence of patient-prosthesis mismatch on in-hospital complications and early mortality after aortic valve replacement.
[Frequency of appearance systemic complications of autoimmunological diseases: primary and secondary Sjögren syndrome].
[Research in palliative care].
Caveolin-1 affects serotonin binding and cell surface levels of human 5-HT7(a) receptors.
Hypermetabolism in mice caused by the central action of an unliganded thyroid hormone receptor alpha1.
Mechanisms governing the effects of vacuum-assisted closure in cardiac surgery.
An update on the role of opioids in the management of chronic pain of nonmalignant origin.
Clinical and laboratory profiles of systemic lupus erythematosus associated with Sjögren syndrome in China: a study of 542 patients.
[Bilateral stress fractures of the pelvic rami in a woman with anorexia nervosa].
Sjögren syndrome and spinal cord stimulation: a case report.
Combined antiviral-immunosuppressive treatment in human T-lymphotrophic virus 1-Sjögren-associated myelopathy.
Massive cutaneous follicular lymphoid hyperplasia in a patient with the Sjögren syndrome: 7-year follow-up and immunohistochemical study.
Prescribed opioid analgesic use developments in three Nordic countries, 2006-2017.
[A 25-year-old woman with primary Sjögren syndrome who developed optic neuritis and encephalomyelitis associated with an anti-aquaporin 4 antibody].
[Primary Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome and Behçet disease: association or coincidence?].
[Pregnancy in multiple sclerosis requires initiated counseling and adapted therapy. Good chance of complications free pregnancy, normal labor and a healthy child].
Validation of a Battery of Neuropsychological Tests for Patients With Metastatic Cancer.
Dissolution and Translational Modeling Strategies Toward Establishing an In Vitro-In Vivo Link-a Workshop Summary Report.
Cohabitation Status Influenced Admittance to Specialized Palliative Care for Cancer Patients: A Nationwide Study from the Danish Palliative Care Database.
Mongolian spots in Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
The fellowship of the RING: the RING-B-box linker region interacts with the RING in TRIM21/Ro52, contains a native autoantigenic epitope in Sjögren syndrome, and is an integral and conserved region in TRIM proteins.
Glandular function in Sjögren syndrome: assessment with dynamic contrast-enhanced MR imaging and tracer kinetic modeling--initial experience.
Interventional Techniques to Management of Cancer-Related Pain: Clinical and Critical Aspects.
Parental alienation as a health risk.
A geographically matched control population efficiently limits the number of candidate disease-causing variants in an unbiased whole-genome analysis.
Physical activity on prescription in accordance with the Swedish model increases physical activity: a systematic review.
Resource use and its association to cognitive impairment, ADL functions, and behavior in residents of Swedish nursing homes: Results from the U-Age program (SWENIS study).
Tramadol use in Norway: A register-based population study.
Postreplicative formation of cohesion is required for repair and induced by a single DNA break.
Numerical modeling of the fracture process in a three-unit all-ceramic fixed partial denture.
CD99 expression is strongly associated with clinical outcome in children with B-cell precursor acute lymphoblastic leukaemia.
Dyadic coping in specialized palliative care intervention for patients with advanced cancer and their caregivers: Effects and mediation in a randomized controlled trial.
[Patterns of anti-nuclear antibodies in patients with primary biliary cirrhosis and primary Sjögren syndrome].
Aggravated dry eye after laser in situ keratomileusis in patients with Sjögren syndrome.
[Case no 3. Thymic lymphoma of the MALT type. Gougerot-Sjogren syndrome. Diffuse infiltrating pneumopathy (lymphocytic interstitial pneumopathy)].
Pyoderma gangrenosum associated with Sjögren syndrome.
Systematic review of measurement properties of methods for objectively assessing masticatory performance.
Emergence and Spread of Basal Lineages of Yersinia pestis during the Neolithic Decline.
The androgen receptor is required for maintenance of bone mass in adult male mice.
Growth hormone regulation of metabolic gene expression in muscle: a microarray study in hypopituitary men.
Addiction to opioids in chronic pain patients: a literature review.
Health-related quality of life in long-term breast cancer survivors: nationwide survey in Denmark.
Integration of oncology and palliative care: a Lancet Oncology Commission.
Effects of pretreatments and hydrothermal aging on biaxial flexural strength of lithium di-silicate and Mg-PSZ ceramics.
Anti-cyclic citrullinated peptide antibodies in primary Sjögren syndrome may be associated with non-erosive synovitis.
Imaging aspects of the lacrimal gland in Sjögren syndrome--case report.
Effect of dehydroepiandrosterone administration on fatigue, well-being, and functioning in women with primary Sjögren syndrome: a randomised controlled trial.
Perioperative Hyperlactemia Is a Poor Predictor of Outcome in Patients Undergoing Surgery for Acute Type-A Aortic Dissection.
The Effect of Diet-induced Obesity on Toxicological Parameters in the Polygenic Sprague-Dawley Rat Model.
Isotope values of the bioavailable strontium in inland southwestern Sweden-A baseline for mobility studies.
Danish medical schools do not meet international recommendations for teaching palliative medicine.
Author Correction: Ancient hepatitis B viruses from the Bronze Age to the Medieval period.
AMPK activation negatively regulates GDAP1, which influences metabolic processes and circadian gene expression in skeletal muscle.
Is specialized palliative cancer care associated with use of antineoplastic treatment at the end of life? A population-based cohort study.
Tumor Regression and Cure Depends on Sustained Th1 Responses.
A novel assay for the prenatal diagnosis of Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
MRI and 1H-MRS findings of three patients with Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
Chromosome segregation and double-strand break repair - a complex connection.
Ischemic heart disease mortality among miners and other potentially silica-exposed workers.
Effect of home-based specialised palliative care and dyadic psychological intervention on caregiver anxiety and depression: a randomised controlled trial.
Competence areas of health science teachers - A systematic review of quantitative studies.
Author Correction: 137 ancient human genomes from across the Eurasian steppes.
Does headgear treatment in young children affect the maxillary canine eruption path?
Sjögren-larsson syndrome and crystalline maculopathy associated with a novel mutation.
Anti-brain cholinergic auto antibodies from primary Sjögren syndrome sera modify simultaneously cerebral nitric oxide and prostaglandin biosynthesis.
Performance of the EUCAST disc diffusion method and two MIC methods in detection of Enterobacteriaceae with reduced susceptibility to meropenem: the NordicAST CPE study.
Evaluation of labial microvessels in Sjogren syndrome: a videocapillaroscopic study.
Bilateral basal ganglia lesions of primary Sjogren syndrome presenting with generalized chorea.
GGTase-I deficiency reduces tumor formation and improves survival in mice with K-RAS-induced lung cancer.
Porcine and Human In Vivo Simulations for Doxorubicin-Containing Formulations Used in Locoregional Hepatocellular Carcinoma Treatment.
Applications of Clinically Relevant Dissolution Testing: Workshop Summary Report.
MicroRNA-dependent regulation of KLF4 by glucose in vascular smooth muscle.
[Primary Sjögren syndrome and inclusion body myositis].
Amyloidosis and lymphoproliferative disease in Sjögren syndrome: thin-section computed tomography findings and histopathologic comparisons.
Clinical testing of three novel transient receptor potential cation channel subfamily V member 1 antagonists in a pharmacodynamic intradermal capsaicin model.
Cholinoreceptor autoantibodies in Sjögren syndrome.
Severe pulmonary hypertension in pediatric primary Sjögren syndrome: a case report.
Genetic inactivation of ANGPTL4 improves glucose homeostasis and is associated with reduced risk of diabetes.
Dual Therapy with Liraglutide and Ghrelin Promotes Brain and Peripheral Energy Metabolism in the R6/2 Mouse Model of Huntington's Disease.
Information from your family doctor. Sjögren syndrome.
[Pure red cell aplasia as first manifestation of primary Sjögren syndrome].
Various movement disorders in a patient with Sjögren syndrome.
Ancient human parvovirus B19 in Eurasia reveals its long-term association with humans.
Deciphering Protein O-Glycosylation: Solid-Phase Chemoenzymatic Cleavage and Enrichment.
Dabigatran, rivaroxaban and apixaban vs. high TTR warfarin in atrial fibrillation.
Late right ventricular performance after mitral valve repair assessed by exercise echocardiography.
Outcomes of CO<sub>2</sub> laser-assisted posterior cordectomy in bilateral vocal cord paralysis in 132 cases.
Tapering off long-term opioid therapy in chronic non-cancer pain patients: A randomized clinical trial.
Systematic review/meta-analysis comparing successful outcomes after single vs. double-stage laryngotracheal reconstruction.
Development of health-related quality of life and symptoms in patients with advanced cancer in Greenland.
Noninvasive interference tear meniscometry in dry eye patients with Sjögren syndrome.
Pulmonary arterial hypertension: a rare complication of primary Sjögren syndrome: report of 9 new cases and review of the literature.
Sterile corneal melt after descemet stripping endothelial keratoplasty in patients with previously undiagnosed Sjogren syndrome.
Treatment of primary Sjogren syndrome with rituximab: extended follow-up, safety and efficacy of retreatment.
Improvements in High Resolution Laryngeal Magnetic Resonance Imaging for Preoperative Transoral Laser Microsurgery and Radiotherapy Considerations in Early Lesions.
The first horse herders and the impact of early Bronze Age steppe expansions into Asia.
Pain in pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma: A multidisciplinary, International guideline for optimized management.
Sjögren syndrome.
Job strain in nursing homes-Exploring the impact of leadership.
Dyadic psychological intervention for patients with cancer and caregivers in home-based specialized palliative care: The Domus model.
Sjögren-Larsson syndrome: biochemical defects and follow up in three cases.
Attitudes, awareness and perceptions on evidence based dentistry and scientific publications among dental professionals in the county of Halland, Sweden: a questionnaire survey.
[Sjögren-Larsson syndrome].
Frontotemporal dementia--a brief review.
Long-term outcome of the MitroFlow pericardial bioprosthesis in the elderly after aortic valve replacement.

Habitual coffee consumption and cognitive function: a Mendelian randomization meta-analysis in up to 415,530 participants.
137 ancient human genomes from across the Eurasian steppes.
Ancient hepatitis B viruses from the Bronze Age to the Medieval period.
Inducible <i>Wnt16</i> inactivation: WNT16 regulates cortical bone thickness in adult mice.
Preclinical characterization of three transient receptor potential vanilloid receptor 1 antagonists for early use in human intradermal microdose analgesic studies.
Sequelae of Tympanostomy Tubes in a Multihospital Health System.
Controversies on rituximab therapy in sjögren syndrome-associated lymphoproliferation.
The Beaker phenomenon and the genomic transformation of northwest Europe.
Manipulating Aggregation Behavior of the Uncharged Peptide Carbetocin.
Interleukin 6 and its soluble receptor in a central role at the neuroimmunoendocrine interface in Sjogren syndrome: an explanatory interventional study.
Plant DNA metabarcoding of lake sediments: How does it represent the contemporary vegetation.
Very long-term Voice Handicap Index Voice Outcomes after Montgomery Thyroplasty: A cross-sectional study.
Effect estimates and methodological quality of randomized controlled trials about prevention of alveolar osteitis following tooth extraction: a systematic review.
Voice outcome indicators for unilateral vocal fold paralysis surgery: a review of the literature.
Unusual cause of hypokalemic paralysis in aged men: Sjögren syndrome.
Mutations in SIL1 cause Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome, a cerebellar ataxia with cataract and myopathy.
Diurnal saliva cortisol levels and relations to psychosocial factors in a population sample of middle-aged Swedish men and women.
Cholesterol and Alzheimer's disease--is there a relation?
[Sjogren-Syndrome. Current developments from a rheumatologists point of view].
[Clinical observation on effect of total glucosides of paeony in treating patients with non-systemic involved Sjögren syndrome].
Erratum: The Beaker phenomenon and the genomic transformation of northwest Europe.
Pulmonary absorption - estimation of effective pulmonary permeability and tissue retention of ten drugs using an ex vivo rat model and computational analysis.
[2017 ESC/EACTS Guidelines for the management of valvular heart disease].
Re: Occupational endotoxin-exposure and possible health effects on humans.
Cholesterol depletion reduces serotonin binding and signaling via human 5-HT(7(a)) receptors.
2017 ESC/EACTS Guidelines for the Management of Valvular Heart Disease.
Fluorine-Directed Glycosylation Enables the Stereocontrolled Synthesis of Selective SGLT2 Inhibitors for Type II Diabetes.
FAK tyrosine phosphorylation is regulated by AMPK and controls metabolism in human skeletal muscle.
The gene disrupted in Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome encodes SIL1, an HSPA5 cochaperone.
MR findings in acute oculomotor neuropathy, leading to a diagnosis of Sjögren syndrome.
Preclinical Effect of Absorption Modifying Excipients on Rat Intestinal Transport of Model Compounds and the Mucosal Barrier Marker <sup>51</sup>Cr-EDTA.
In Vivo Mechanisms of Intestinal Drug Absorption from Aprepitant Nanoformulations.
Specialized palliative care in advanced cancer: What is the efficacy? A systematic review.
Characteristics of highly rated leadership in nursing homes using item response theory.
Body weight homeostat that regulates fat mass independently of leptin in rats and mice.
Reply to "Comment on 'In Vivo Drug Delivery Performance of Lipiodol-Based Emulsion or Drug-Eluting Beads in Patients with Hepatocellular Carcinoma'".
Heart transplantation in arrhythmogenic right ventricular cardiomyopathy - Experience from the Nordic ARVC Registry.
Genetic risk factors influence nighttime blood pressure and related cardiovascular complications in patients with coronary heart disease.
Structural and functional insights into the chloroplast ATP-dependent Clp protease in Arabidopsis.
Breakthrough pain in opioid-treated chronic non-malignant pain patients referred to a multidisciplinary pain centre: a preliminary study.
Heat-shock protein 40 is the key farnesylation target in meristem size control, abscisic acid signaling, and drought resistance.
Outcome of patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and severe coronary artery disease who had a coronary artery bypass graft or a percutaneous coronary intervention.
[Hyperammoniemia and central pontine myelinolysis in a patient with Sjögren syndrome and chronic valproate use].
[Acalculous cholecystitis: first manifestation of polyarteritis nodosa in a patient with primary Sjögren].
Secondary renal amyloidosis due to long-standing tubulointerstitial nephritis in a patient with Sjögren syndrome.
Measures of oxidized low-density lipoprotein and oxidative stress are not related and not elevated in otherwise healthy men with the metabolic syndrome.
Recombinant factor VIIa use in acute type A aortic dissection repair: A multicenter propensity-score-matched report from the Nordic Consortium for Acute Type A Aortic Dissection.
Regional Intestinal Permeability in Rats: A Comparison of Methods.
Actinomyces radicidentis and Actinomyces haliotis, coccoid Actinomyces species isolated from the human oral cavity.
Polymorphoneutrophilic infiltration in acute interstitial nephritis of Sjögren syndrome.
2017 ESC/EACTS Guidelines for the management of valvular heart disease.
Laser-assisted surgery of the upper aero-digestive tract: a clarification of nomenclature. A consensus statement of the European Laryngological Society.
Antifouling activity of synthesized peptide analogs of the sponge metabolite barettin.
Congenital cataract, ataxia, external ophthalmoplegia and dysphagia in two siblings. A Marinesco-Sjögren-like syndrome.
The impact of vacuum-assisted closure on long-term survival after post-sternotomy mediastinitis.
Bivalirudin versus Heparin Monotherapy in Myocardial Infarction.
Small Molecule Enhancement of 20S Proteasome Activity Targets Intrinsically Disordered Proteins.
Corrigendum to '2017 ESC/EACTS Guidelines for the management of valvular heart disease' [Eur J Cardiothorac Surg 2017;52:616-664].
Neurofilament light protein in CSF and blood is associated with neurodegeneration and disease severity in Huntington's disease R6/2 mice.
Human Missense Mutations in Regulator of G Protein Signaling 2 Affect the Protein Function Through Multiple Mechanisms.
Randomised clinical trial of early specialist palliative care plus standard care versus standard care alone in patients with advanced cancer: The Danish Palliative Care Trial.
Fracture resistance of all-ceramic zirconia bridges with differing phase stabilizers and quality of sintering.
Structural basis for ligand promiscuity in cytochrome P450 3A4.
Reply to WB Grant.
Reply to Y Mao and H Yu.
Movement disorder in <i>GNAO1</i> encephalopathy associated with gain-of-function mutations.
Long-Term Risk of Ischemic Stroke After the Cox-Maze III Procedure for Atrial Fibrillation.
Erythema elevatum diutinum with primary Sjögren syndrome associated with IgA antineutrophil cytoplasmic antibody.
2017 ESC/EACTS Guidelines for the management of valvular heart disease.
Correction: A new GTF2I-BRAF fusion mediating MAPK pathway activation in pilocytic astrocytoma.
Predictors of Independent Aging and Survival: A 16-Year Follow-Up Report in Octogenarian Men.
Admittance to specialized palliative care (SPC) of patients with an assessed need: a study from the Danish palliative care database (DPD).
Evaluation of the PhysioTel™ Digital M11 cardiovascular telemetry implant in socially housed cynomolgus monkeys up to 16weeks after surgery.
Vagus nerve stimulation in patients with Alzheimer's disease: Additional follow-up results of a pilot study through 1 year.
Low-dose combretastatin A4 phosphate enhances the immune response of tumor hosts to experimental colon carcinoma.
Mycophenolate sodium treatment in patients with primary Sjögren syndrome: a pilot trial.
Persistent, aberrant Mongolian spots in Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
Clinical and biochemical effects of zileuton in patients with the Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
Receiving early information and trusting Swedish child health centre nurses increased parents' willingness to vaccinate against rotavirus infections.
A comparative study between MR sialography and salivary gland scintigraphy in the diagnosis of Sjögren syndrome.
Neuropsychological assessment of chronic non-malignant pain patients treated in a multidisciplinary pain centre.
Elevated ambulatory systolic-diastolic pressure regression index is genetically determined in hypertensive patients with coronary heart disease.
Reasons for leaving nursing care and improvements needed for considering a return: a study among Swedish nursing personnel.
Granulomatous panniculitis associated with Sjögren syndrome.
Altered miR-29 Expression in Type 2 Diabetes Influences Glucose and Lipid Metabolism in Skeletal Muscle.
Increased availability of paracetamol in Sweden and incidence of paracetamol poisoning: using laboratory data to increase validity of a population-based registry study.
[Marinescu-Sjogren syndrome--case report].
CTLA-4 +49A/G and CT60 gene polymorphisms in primary Sjögren syndrome.
Effects of a workplace physical exercise intervention on the intensity of headache and neck and shoulder symptoms and upper extremity muscular strength of office workers: a cluster randomized controlled cross-over trial.
Symptoms and health-related quality of life in patients with advanced cancer - A population-based study in Greenland.
Assessment of Mitral Valve Repair With Exercise Echocardiography: Artificial Chordae vs Leaflet Resection.
Vitamin D is not associated with incident dementia or cognitive impairment: an 18-y follow-up study in community-living old men.
[Cancer-related pain].
[Epidemiological factors relating to long-term/chronic non-cancer pain in Denmark].
Chromosomal association of the Smc5/6 complex reveals that it functions in differently regulated pathways.
Second malignant neoplasia in early (TIS-T1) glottic carcinoma.
Gender differences in role of alcohol in fatal injury events.
Peripheral neuropathy in primary sjogren syndrome: a population-based study.
Interstitial lung disease in primary Sjögren syndrome.
[Microbiological evaluation of conjunctival sac in Sjögren syndrome patients].
Simultaneous complication of multiple myeloma with Sjögren syndrome.
A randomised Phase I/II trial to evaluate the efficacy and safety of orally administered Oxalobacter formigenes to treat primary hyperoxaluria.
Is admittance to specialised palliative care among cancer patients related to sex, age and cancer diagnosis? A nation-wide study from the Danish Palliative Care Database (DPD).
A Model-Based Approach To Assessing the Importance of Intracellular Binding Sites in Doxorubicin Disposition.
Comparison of the helix-coil transition of a titrating polypeptide in aqueous solutions and at the air-water interface.
Is Sjogren myelopathy Devic disease?
A new GTF2I-BRAF fusion mediating MAPK pathway activation in pilocytic astrocytoma.
Predictors and impact of massive bleeding in acute type A aortic dissection.
Relationship between selected DNA polymorphisms and coronary artery disease complications.
Lipiodol does not affect the tissue distribution of intravenous doxorubicin infusion in pigs.
Amyloid deposition of the breast in primary Sjögren syndrome.
Identification of the predictors of cognitive impairment in patients with cancer in palliative care: a prospective longitudinal analysis.
Clinical outcome after poststernotomy mediastinitis: vacuum-assisted closure versus conventional treatment.
A person-centred and thriving-promoting intervention in nursing homes - study protocol for the U-Age nursing home multi-centre, non-equivalent controlled group before-after trial.
The safety of introducing a new generation TAVR device: one departments experience from introducing a second generation repositionable TAVR.
Chemerin-induced arterial contraction is G<sub>i</sub>- and calcium-dependent.
Circulating levels of environmental contaminants are associated with dietary patterns in older adults.
Sjögren syndrome in a child: favorable response of the arthritis to TNFalpha blockade.
Juvenile macular dystrophy associated with deficient activity of fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase in Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
In Vivo Drug Delivery Performance of Lipiodol-Based Emulsion or Drug-Eluting Beads in Patients with Hepatocellular Carcinoma.
Home-based specialized palliative care in patients with advanced cancer: A systematic review.
Teaching NeuroImage: Cervical cord atrophy with dorsal root ganglionopathy in Sjögren syndrome.
Marinesco-Sjogren syndrome, fanfare, and more.
Interferon alfacon-1 and ribavirin versus interferon alpha-2b and ribavirin in the treatment of chronic hepatitis C.
Neutralization of muscarinic receptor autoantibodies by intravenous immunoglobulin in Sjögren syndrome.
Relatives' level of satisfaction with advanced cancer care in Greenland - a mixed methods study.
Serum Fatty Acids, Desaturase Activities and Abdominal Obesity - A Population-Based Study of 60-Year Old Men and Women.
T Cell Activation Pathways: B7, LFA-3, and ICAM-1 Shape Unique T Cell Profiles.
Differences in epidemiology of candidaemia in the Nordic countries - what is to blame?
Genetic Predisposition to an Impaired Metabolism of the Branched-Chain Amino Acids and Risk of Type 2 Diabetes: A Mendelian Randomisation Analysis.
The role of opioids in cancer progression: emerging experimental and clinical implications.
Authors' Reply to Davies et al.
In Vitro Release Mechanisms of Doxorubicin From a Clinical Bead Drug-Delivery System.
Deletion of FtsH11 protease has impact on chloroplast structure and function in Arabidopsis thaliana when grown under continuous light.
[Association of a rheumatoid polyarthritis, a secondary Gougerot Sjögren syndrome and pernicious anemia].
FasL and Bax genes are differentially expressed in acinar epithelium and inflammatory cells of primary Sjögren salivary glands.
Hepatitis C eradication with sofosbuvir leads to significant metabolic changes.
Mortality in Florida professional firefighters, 1972-1999.
Proteome studies of CSF in AD patients.
Retinoid-related orphan receptor γ (RORγ) adult induced knockout mice develop lymphoblastic lymphoma.
The Expression Pattern of the Pre-B Cell Receptor Components Correlates with Cellular Stage and Clinical Outcome in Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia.
Regional Intestinal Permeability in Dogs: Biopharmaceutical Aspects for Development of Oral Modified-Release Dosage Forms.
Noninvasive tear meniscometry in dry eye patients with Sjögren syndrome.
High prevalence of autoantibodies to muscarinic-3 acetylcholine receptor in patients with juvenile-onset Sjögren syndrome.
[Observation on therapeutic effect of acupuncture and moxibustion in 60 cases of Sjogren syndrome].
Genomewide meta-analysis identifies loci associated with IGF-I and IGFBP-3 levels with impact on age-related traits.
Can gender differences in psychosocial factors be explained by socioeconomic status?
Urine oxalate biological variation in patients with primary hyperoxaluria.
Regional Intestinal Permeability of Three Model Drugs in Human.
The Relationship Between Gene Polymorphisms and Dipping Profile in Patients With Coronary Heart Disease.
Towards person-centredness in aged care - exploring the impact of leadership.
Postprandial effects of the phosphodiesterase-5 inhibitor tadalafil in people with well-controlled Type 2 diabetes mellitus: a randomized controlled trial.
Novel ALDH3A2 heterozygous mutations are associated with defective lamellar granule formation in a Japanese family of Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
[Lymphocytic interstitial pneumonia in primary Sjögren syndrome].
Short-term departures from an optimum ambient temperature are associated with increased risk of out-of-hospital cardiac arrest.
Interactions between charged polypeptides and nonionic surfactants.
Radiation dose distribution in coronary arteries in breast cancer radiotherapy.
Lymphadenopathy due to amyloidosis secondary to Sjögren syndrome and systemic lupus erythematosus detected by F-18 FDG PET.
[Salivary gland scintigraphy en Sjogren syndrome and its relation with the result of lip biopsy. Comparative study with a control population].
SERMs have substance-specific effects on bone, and these effects are mediated via ERαAF-1 in female mice.
Increased diet-induced fatty streak formation in female mice with deficiency of liver-derived insulin-like growth factor-I.
[Sjogren-Larsson syndrome: two cases with delayed diagnosis].
Effects of vacuum-assisted closure on central hemodynamics in a sternotomy wound model.
The link between cholesterol and Alzheimer's disease.
Liver-derived IGF-I regulates cortical bone mass but is dispensable for the osteogenic response to mechanical loading in female mice.
Sister Chromatid Cohesion Establishment Factor ESCO1 Operates by Substrate-Assisted Catalysis.
[Diagnosis and therapy for Sjogren syndrome].
EndoSd: an IgG glycan hydrolyzing enzyme in Streptococcus dysgalactiae subspecies dysgalactiae.
From "Breakthrough" to "Episodic" Cancer Pain? A European Association for Palliative Care Research Network Expert Delphi Survey Toward a Common Terminology and Classification of Transient Cancer Pain Exacerbations.
Outcome after percutaneous coronary intervention for different indications: long-term results from the Swedish Coronary Angiography and Angioplasty Registry (SCAAR).
Do aerobic exercises really improve aerobic capacity of stroke survivors? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Sjögren-Larsson syndrome in an Indian child.
[Chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy followed by systemic lupus erythematosus and Sjögren syndrome: a case report].
Primary Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome: a dermatological approach.
Atypical autoantibodies in patients with primary Sjögren syndrome: clinical characteristics and follow-up of 82 cases.
Corneal perforation after conductive keratoplasty in a patient with previously undiagnosed Sjögren syndrome.
[Case report of lymphocytic interstitial pneumonia associated with Sjögren syndrome].
Discovery of Genetic Variation on Chromosome 5q22 Associated with Mortality in Heart Failure.
Circulating Alpha-Tocopherol and Insulin Sensitivity Among Older Men With Chronic Kidney Disease.
Quality of life in the very elderly after cardiac surgery: a comparison of SF-36 between long-term survivors and an age-matched population.
Coincidental CFTR mutation and Sjögren syndrome revealing a pancreatic disease.
Myopathy is a prominent feature in Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome: A muscle computed tomography study.
Cardiac lymphoma in primary Sjogren syndrome: a novel case established by targeted imaging and pericardial window.
Enzalutamide Reduces the Bone Mass in the Axial But Not the Appendicular Skeleton in Male Mice.
Genetic vasopressin 1b receptor variance in overweight and diabetes mellitus.
Minimally invasive procedures for the management of vertebral bone pain due to cancer: The EAPC recommendations.
The spectrum of renal tubular acidosis in paediatric Sjögren syndrome.
[Association of Sjögren syndrome, autoimmune thyroiditis, sarcoidosis, primary biliary cirrhosis and primary amyloidosis in a single patient].
Abdominal ultrasonogram of autoimmune pancreatitis: Five cases of pancreatic lesions accompanied by Sjögren syndrome.
[Two cases of primary biliary cirrhosis accompanied with severe keratoconjunctivitis sicca due to Sjögren syndrome].
Internet-delivered acceptance-based behaviour therapy for generalized anxiety disorder: A randomized controlled trial.
Elevated Glucose Levels Promote Contractile and Cytoskeletal Gene Expression in Vascular Smooth Muscle via Rho/Protein Kinase C and Actin Polymerization.
[Impression cytology contribution to differential diagnosis of Sjögren syndrome in the ophthalmological clinic].
High-fat diet reprograms the epigenome of rat spermatozoa and transgenerationally affects metabolism of the offspring.
Sympathetic blocks for visceral cancer pain management: A systematic review and EAPC recommendations.
Remarkable efficacy of thermal therapy for Sjögren syndrome.
Sternal wound infections following open heart surgery - a review.
Genetic associations at 53 loci highlight cell types and biological pathways relevant for kidney function.
Comparison of a Supraglottic Gel Device and an Endotracheal Tube in Keratoplasty Performed Under General Anesthesia: A Randomized Clinical Trial.
Dietary patterns in Swedish adults; results from a national dietary survey.
Sjögren syndrome and systemic lupus erythematosus are distinct conditions.
Case of Sjögren reticular dystrophy.
Sjögren-Larsson syndrome: seven novel mutations in the fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase gene ALDH3A2.
MicroRNA-208b progressively declines after spinal cord injury in humans and is inversely related to myostatin expression.
Impact of Hemodynamic Instability and Organ Malperfusion in Elderly Surgical Patients Treated for Acute Type A Aortic Dissection.
Blood and exhaled air can be used for biomonitoring of hydrofluorocarbon exposure.
Patient safety in domiciliary dental care for elderly nursing home residents in Sweden.
The bone-sparing effects of estrogen and WNT16 are independent of each other.
miRNA let-7 expression is regulated by glucose and TNF-α by a remote upstream promoter.
Sjögren-Larsson syndrome: Indian and Central European similarities.
[Leukocytoclastic vasculitis in primary Sjögren syndrome: a case report].
A novel mechanism for NETosis provides antimicrobial defense at the oral mucosa.
Opioids and breast cancer recurrence: A Danish population-based cohort study.
Unusual presentation of Sjögren syndrome.
Clinical Presentation of Native Mitral Valve Infective Endocarditis Determines Long-Term Outcome after Surgery.
The clinical impact of IKZF1 deletions in paediatric B-cell precursor acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is independent of minimal residual disease stratification in Nordic Society for Paediatric Haematology and Oncology treatment protocols used between 1992 and 2013.
Direct In Vivo Human Intestinal Permeability (Peff ) Determined with Different Clinical Perfusion and Intubation Methods.
What syndrome is this? Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
Early divergent strains of Yersinia pestis in Eurasia 5,000 years ago.
Albuminuria, renal dysfunction and circadian blood pressure rhythm in older men: a population-based longitudinal cohort study.
The evidence of neuraxial administration of analgesics for cancer-related pain: a systematic review.
DNA damage-induced cohesion.
Fracture resistance of yttrium oxide partially-stabilized zirconia all-ceramic bridges after veneering and mechanical fatigue testing.
Milk-derived fatty acids are associated with a more favorable LDL particle size distribution in healthy men.
Polyunsaturated Fat Intake Estimated by Circulating Biomarkers and Risk of Cardiovascular Disease and All-Cause Mortality in a Population-Based Cohort of 60-Year-Old Men and Women.
Tentacle: distributed quantification of genes in metagenomes.
SIL1 and SARA2 mutations in Marinesco-Sjögren and chylomicron retention diseases.
Painful small-fiber neuropathy in Sjogren syndrome.
A genetic risk score for hypertension associates with the risk of ischemic stroke in a Swedish case-control study.
Efficacy and retention rate of two types of silicone punctal plugs in patients with and without Sjögren syndrome.
Scientific journalism in Africa to help fight global health emergencies.
Gene × dietary pattern interactions in obesity: analysis of up to 68 317 adults of European ancestry.
Cardiovascular autonomic dysfunction in systemic lupus, rheumatoid arthritis, primary Sjögren syndrome and other autoimmune diseases.
Regulation of smooth muscle dystrophin and synaptopodin 2 expression by actin polymerization and vascular injury.
[Neurological manifestations in Sjögren syndrome].
An integrated multi-study analysis of intra-subject variability in cerebrospinal fluid amyloid-β concentrations collected by lumbar puncture and indwelling lumbar catheter.
Evidence of peripheral nerve blocks for cancer-related pain: a systematic review.
European expert consensus on rotational atherectomy.
Structural and functional characterization of a specific antidote for ticagrelor.
Altered frequency distribution in the electroencephalogram is correlated to the analgesic effect of remifentanil.
Population genomics of Bronze Age Eurasia.
The genomic landscape of high hyperdiploid childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
A proinflammatory diet is associated with systemic inflammation and reduced kidney function in elderly adults.
Management of chronic laryngopharyngeal neuropathy in the United States and Europe.
Person-centred climate questionnaire (PCQ-S): establishing reliability and cut-off scores in residential aged care.
The use of proteomics in biomarker discovery in neurodegenerative diseases.
A 10-year prospective evaluation of CAD/CAM-manufactured (Cerec) ceramic inlays cemented with a chemically cured or dual-cured resin composite.
Optimized patient-trajectory for patients undergoing treatment with high-dose chemotherapy and autologous stem cell transplantation.
A cortical source localization analysis of resting EEG data after remifentanil infusion.
Further evidence of genetic homogeneity in Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
A novel mutation in BAP/SIL1 gene causes Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome in an extended pedigree.
[Respiratory symptoms in the Gougerot-Sjogren syndrome].
Ethical challenges when caring for dying children.
Nonesterified fatty acids and cardiovascular mortality in elderly men with CKD.
Do depressive symptoms mediate the relationship between hopelessness and diurnal cortisol rhythm?
Effect of diagnostic criteria on prevalence of frontotemporal dementia in the elderly.
Recruitment in the field of Balanus improvisus and Mytilus edulis in response to the antifouling cyclopeptides barettin and 8,9-dihydrobarettin from the marine sponge Geodia barretti.
Postreplicative recruitment of cohesin to double-strand breaks is required for DNA repair.
The Baltic Health Network - Taking Secure, Internet-based Healthcare Networks to the Next Level.
Genetic studies of body mass index yield new insights for obesity biology.
Kidney function, β-cell function and glucose tolerance in older men.
[Case of rapid progressive interstitial pneumonia associated with primary Sjogren syndrome].
Autoantibodies recognizing the 27 carboxy-terminal amino acids of calpastatin are associated with secondary Sjögren syndrome in systemic lupus erythematosus.
Health economic analyses of domiciliary dental care and care at fixed clinics for elderly nursing home residents in Sweden.
Effect of cevimeline on salivary components in patients with Sjögren syndrome.
Pulmonary capillary wedge pressure and natriuretic peptide levels in patients with sinus rhythm and severe left atrial enlargement following mitral valve surgery: early and late changes.
Concomitant intake of alcohol may increase the absorption of poorly soluble drugs.
Preservation of Fusobacterium nucleatum and Peptostreptococcus anaerobius DNA after loss of cell viability.
Inactivation of the clpC1 gene encoding a chloroplast Hsp100 molecular chaperone causes growth retardation, leaf chlorosis, lower photosynthetic activity, and a specific reduction in photosystem content.
Bibliography. Current world literature. Systemic lupus erythematosus and Sjogren syndrome.
New genetic loci link adipose and insulin biology to body fat distribution.
Estimated dietary acid load is not associated with blood pressure or hypertension incidence in men who are approximately 70 years old.
Interproximal plaque mass and fluoride retention after brushing and flossing--a comparative study of powered toothbrushing, manual toothbrushing and flossing.
Negative neurofilament light and tau immunostaining in frontotemporal dementia.
Classification of neuropathic pain in cancer patients: A Delphi expert survey report and EAPC/IASP proposal of an algorithm for diagnostic criteria.
Everyday activities for people with dementia in residential aged care: associations with person-centredness and quality of life.
Acute effects of acrolein in human volunteers during controlled exposure.
What more can be done to popularize phonosurgical ideas in everyday handling of vocal folds?
Affinity states of biocides determine bioavailability and release rates in marine paints.
Affinity maturation of a novel antagonistic human monoclonal antibody with a long VH CDR3 targeting the Class A GPCR formyl-peptide receptor 1.
Disruption of cortical connectivity during remifentanil administration is associated with cognitive impairment but not with analgesia.
Burst of autoimmunity with the emergence of primary Sjogren syndrome, cholestatic autoimmune hepatitis and latent autoimmune diabetes of adults (LADA).
Cytochrome P450 single nucleotide polymorphisms in an indigenous Tanzanian population: a concern about the metabolism of artemisinin-based combinations.
Antifungal 3-hydroxy fatty acids from Lactobacillus plantarum MiLAB 14.
Dietary fiber, kidney function, inflammation, and mortality risk.
Circulating monoclonal immunoglobulins in Sjögren syndrome: prevalence and clinical significance in 237 patients.
Clinical, biochemical and molecular genetic characteristics of 19 patients with the Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
Twelve-single nucleotide polymorphism genetic risk score identifies individuals at increased risk for future atrial fibrillation and stroke.
Combining in vitro and in silico methods for better prediction of surfactant effects on the absorption of poorly water soluble drugs-a fenofibrate case example.
[A case of primary Sjögren' s syndrome with pathological findings resembling multicentric Castleman' s disease showed multiple nodular opacities on chest CT scans].
Human blastocysts for the development of embryonic stem cells.
Successful coronary artery bypass grafting in a patient with aplastic anemia and Sjogren syndrome.
The Drosophila midkine/pleiotrophin homologues Miple1 and Miple2 affect adult lifespan but are dispensable for alk signaling during embryonic gut formation.
Osteoblast-derived WNT16 represses osteoclastogenesis and prevents cortical bone fragility fractures.
Neurophysiological studies in a case of Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
Primary Sjögren syndrome in the paediatric age: a multicentre survey.
The Huntington's Disease Dysphagia Scale.
Sjögren syndrome associated with hepatitis C virus: a multicenter analysis of 137 cases.
Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome in a male with mild dysmorphism.
Polytetrafluoroethylene neochordae is noninferior to leaflet resection in repair of isolated posterior mitral leaflet prolapse: a multicentre study.
Primary Sjögren's syndrome and the eye.
Dietary acid load, insulin sensitivity and risk of type 2 diabetes in community-dwelling older men.
Cevimeline for the treatment of xerostomia in patients with Sjögren syndrome: a randomized trial.
Detailed statistical analysis plan for the Danish Palliative Care Trial (DanPaCT).
Long-term chronic toxicity testing using human pluripotent stem cell-derived hepatocytes.
Association of BTG2, CYR61, ZFP36, and SCD gene polymorphisms with Graves' disease and ophthalmopathy.
Quality of life and symptoms in patients with malignant diseases admitted to a comprehensive cancer centre.
[Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome and achalasia].
Aspartame-induced Sjögren syndrome.
Effective density and mixing state of aerosol particles in a near-traffic urban environment.
PBPK models for the prediction of in vivo performance of oral dosage forms.
Salivary and serum beta2-microglobulin and gamma-glutamyl-transferase in patients with primary Sjögren syndrome and Sjögren syndrome secondary to systemic lupus erythematosus.
Assay for Sjögren-Larsson syndrome based on a deficiency of phytol degradation.
Devic disease in a child with primary Sjögren syndrome.
Loss of function mutations in SIL1 cause Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome.
Cardiovascular consequences of a polygenetic component of blood pressure in an urban-based longitudinal study: the Malmö diet and cancer.
Structure-based ligand design to overcome CYP inhibition in drug discovery projects.
Renal function associates with energy intake in elderly community-dwelling men.
Human mAChR antibodies from Sjögren syndrome sera increase cerebral nitric oxide synthase activity and nitric oxide synthase mRNA level.
Devic Disease in a Child With Primary Sjögren Syndrome.
Treatment of intermediate stage hepatocellular carcinoma: a review of intrahepatic doxorubicin drug-delivery systems.
Cytogenetic and spectral karyotype analyses of benign and malignant cartilage tumours.
Visual diagnosis: an infant who has a red papule on a swollen, tender arm.
Re: Pulmonary effects of welding fumes: review of worker and experimental animal studies [Antonini et al. 2003: Am. J. Ind. Med. 43:350-360].
Genomic diversity and admixture differs for Stone-Age Scandinavian foragers and farmers.
Evidence for the effectiveness of walking training on walking and self-care after stroke: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Performance of the EUCAST disk diffusion method, the CLSI agar screen method, and the Vitek 2 automated antimicrobial susceptibility testing system for detection of clinical isolates of Enterococci with low- and medium-level VanB-type vancomycin resistance: a multicenter study.
Effects of AMPK activation on insulin sensitivity and metabolism in leptin-deficient ob/ob mice.
Accuracy of ceramic restorations made using an in-office optical scanning technique: an in vitro study.
A glioma classification scheme based on coexpression modules of EGFR and PDGFRA.
A randomised trial of the effect of the glycine reuptake inhibitor Org 25935 on cognitive performance in healthy male volunteers.
Prediction of in vivo rat biliary drug clearance from an in vitro hepatocyte efflux model.
Anti-ribosomal-P antibodies in a Sjögren syndrome patient associated with lupus erythematosus.
[Spontaneous regression of MALT lymphoma of the hard palate accompanied by Sjögren syndrome].
Sjögren reticular dystrophy of the retinal pigment epithelium: a case report.
Sjögren autoantibodies modify neonatal cardiac function via M1 muscarinic acetylcholine receptor activation.
The effects of lipiodol and cyclosporin A on the hepatobiliary disposition of doxorubicin in pigs.
Antitumor activity of the glutaminase inhibitor CB-839 in triple-negative breast cancer.
[Urinary retention due to acquired closure of labia minor in a female with Sjögren syndrome].
EndoE from Enterococcus faecalis hydrolyzes the glycans of the biofilm inhibiting protein lactoferrin and mediates growth.
Barriers to cancer pain management in Danish and Lithuanian patients treated in pain and palliative care units.
Prognostic implications of mutations in NOTCH1 and FBXW7 in childhood T-ALL treated according to the NOPHO ALL-1992 and ALL-2000 protocols.
Clinical and bacteriological effects of pivmecillinam for ESBL-producing Escherichia coli or Klebsiella pneumoniae in urinary tract infections.
Prurigo pigmentosa in a patient with primary biliary cirrhosis and Sjögren syndrome.
[Segmental and focal glomerulonephritis in the course of primitive Gougerot-Sjogren syndrome].
Altered cortical causality after remifentanil administration in healthy volunteers: a novel approach for pharmaco-EEG.
Identification of key factors in Accelerated Low Water Corrosion through experimental simulation of tidal conditions: influence of stimulated indigenous microbiota.
The estrogen receptor antagonist ICI 182,780 can act both as an agonist and an inverse agonist when estrogen receptor α AF-2 is modified.
Patient Attachment to Therapist Rating Scale: development and psychometric properties.
Alzheimer biomarkers and clinical Alzheimer disease were not associated with increased cerebrovascular disease in a memory clinic population.
Sjogren-Larsson syndrome.
Vacuum-assisted closure therapy in mediastinitis after heart transplantation.
Antifouling activity of brominated cyclopeptides from the marine sponge Geodia barretti.
Altered kallikrein 7 and 10 concentrations in cerebrospinal fluid of patients with Alzheimer's disease and frontotemporal dementia.
Optimization of brain penetrant 11β-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase type I inhibitors and in vivo testing in diet-induced obese mice.
Genetic variation in NEDD4L, an epithelial sodium channel regulator, is associated with cardiovascular disease and cardiovascular death.
Late-life alcohol consumption and cognitive function in elderly men.
Atypical presentations of Sjögren disease.
[Lacrimal proteins electrophoretic analysis--diagnostic method in secondary Sjogren syndrome].
[Electrophoretic analysis of lacrimal proteins--a diagnostic method in secondary Sjogren syndrome].
Neurologic manifestations in primary Sjögren syndrome: a study of 82 patients.
Autocrine role of interleukin-13 on skeletal muscle glucose metabolism in type 2 diabetic patients involves microRNA let-7.
Reversible inhibitors of regulators of G-protein signaling identified in a high-throughput cell-based calcium signaling assay.
Advances in the detection of Alzheimer's disease-use of cerebrospinal fluid biomarkers.
Smoking modifies the associated increased risk of future cardiovascular disease by genetic variation on chromosome 9p21.
Developing novel blood-based biomarkers for Alzheimer's disease.
The future of blood-based biomarkers for Alzheimer's disease.
Serum and adipose tissue fatty acid composition as biomarkers of habitual dietary fat intake in elderly men with chronic kidney disease.
Pain characteristics and treatment outcome for advanced cancer patients during the first week of specialized palliative care.
Severe aplastic anaemia complicating Sjögren syndrome in a 2-year-old girl.
Potent reversible inhibition of myeloperoxidase by aromatic hydroxamates.
Mediterranean diet habits in older individuals: associations with cognitive functioning and brain volumes.
Ischemic heart disease in female cleaners.
A randomised, multicentre clinical trial of specialised palliative care plus standard treatment versus standard treatment alone for cancer patients with palliative care needs: the Danish palliative care trial (DanPaCT) protocol.
Sjögren syndrome.
Clinical manifestations and early diagnosis of Sjögren syndrome.
Mediterranean diet, kidney function, and mortality in men with CKD.
Selective mediastinal tamponade to control coagulopathic bleeding.
Sjögren-Larsson syndrome: treatment with topical calcipotriol.
[Membranous glomerulonephritis during primary Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
Zebularine induces long-term survival of pancreatic islet allotransplants in streptozotocin treated diabetic rats.
Dietary intake of eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acids is linked to gray matter volume and cognitive function in elderly.
[Tumor necrosis factor-alpha in tears of patients with Sjögren syndrome].
[Multiple autoimmune syndrome. Reynolds-syndrome (acral scleroderma, primary biliary cirrhosis, Sjögren syndrome) associated with the lupus erythematosus/lichen planus overlap syndrome].
Switching from high doses of pure μ-opioid agonists to transdermal buprenorphine in patients with cancer: a feasibility study.
Long-term results after simple versus complex stenting of coronary artery bifurcation lesions: Nordic Bifurcation Study 5-year follow-up results.
Initial clinical experience with an everolimus eluting platinum chromium stent (Promus Element) in unselected patients from the Swedish Coronary Angiography and Angioplasty Registry (SCAAR).
Air trapping in primary Sjögren syndrome: correlation of expiratory CT with pulmonary function tests.
Jeb/Alk signalling regulates the Lame duck GLI family transcription factor in the Drosophila visceral mesoderm.
Chronic pain and the development of a symptom checklist: a pilot study.
Autoantibodies against cerebral muscarinic cholinoceptors in Sjögren syndrome: functional and pathological implications.
Another dimension to survival: predicting outcomes with fetal MRI versus prenatal ultrasound in patients with congenital diaphragmatic hernia.
Teachers' views on curriculum development in health promotion in two Finnish polytechnics.
Six-month IVUS and two-year clinical outcomes in the EVOLVE FHU trial: a randomised evaluation of a novel bioabsorbable polymer-coated, everolimus-eluting stent.
Smoking and obesity associated BDNF gene variance predicts total and cardiovascular mortality in smokers.
Idiopathic CD4+ lymphocytopenia and Sjogren syndrome.
Xerosis in primary Sjögren syndrome: immunohistochemical and functional investigations.
Six-month IVUS and two-year clinical outcomes in the EVOLVE FHU trial: a randomised evaluation of a novel bioabsorbable polymer-coated, everolimus-eluting stent.
[A case of primary Sjögren syndrome with repeated purpura].
Sjogren-Larsson syndrome: report of two cases.
Sarcoidosis or Sjögren syndrome? Clues to defining mimicry or coexistence in 59 cases.
Treatment with simvastatin in patients with Alzheimer's disease lowers both alpha- and beta-cleaved amyloid precursor protein.
Pain characteristics and management of inpatients admitted to a comprehensive cancer centre: a cross-sectional study.
Seminal vesicles and urinary bladder as sites of aromatization of androgens in men, evidenced by a CYP19A1-driven luciferase reporter mouse and human tissue specimens.
Prevalence of subclinical mastitis and isolated udder pathogens in dairy cows in Southern Vietnam.
[A case of pneumatosis cystoides intestinalis developed in a patient with Sjogren syndrome during administration of anetholetrithion].
Effects of glass ionomers and dental resin composites on viability of beta-cells and insulin release in isolated islets of Langerhans.
The neurobehavioral impact of manganese: results and challenges obtained by a meta-analysis of individual participant data.
The role of activation functions 1 and 2 of estrogen receptor-α for the effects of estradiol and selective estrogen receptor modulators in male mice.
Cutaneous vasculitis in primary Sjögren syndrome: classification and clinical significance of 52 patients.
Population trends in percutaneous coronary intervention: 20-year results from the SCAAR (Swedish Coronary Angiography and Angioplasty Registry).
Physical dose of therapeutic exercises in institutional neck rehabilitation.
Cortical responses to amphetamine exposure studied by pCASL MRI and pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic dose modeling.
Incidence of myocardial infarction among cooks and other restaurant workers in Sweden 1987-2005.
Cognition-enhancing effect of vagus nerve stimulation in patients with Alzheimer's disease: a pilot study.
[A case of retrobulbar optic neuritis associated with Sjögren syndrome which remitted spontaneously].
Prediction of blood pressure changes over time and incidence of hypertension by a genetic risk score in Swedes.
Estrogen receptor-α is required for the osteogenic response to mechanical loading in a ligand-independent manner involving its activation function 1 but not 2.
Genetic polymorphisms confer risk of atrial fibrillation in patients with heart failure: a population-based study.
Bilateral Vocal Cord Carcinoma in a Sarcoidosis Patient during Infliximab Therapy.
Altered protein conformation and lower stability of the dystrophic transforming growth factor beta-induced protein mutants.
Genetic associations with valvular calcification and aortic stenosis.
Estrogen receptor-α in osteocytes is important for trabecular bone formation in male mice.
Sexual dysfunction after colpectomy and vaginal reconstruction with a vertical rectus abdominis myocutaneous flap.
The burden of chronic pain: a cross-sectional survey focussing on diseases, immigration, and opioid use.
[New therapeutic perspectives in Sjögren syndrome: leflunomide].
Hopelessness the "active ingredient"? Associations of hopelessness and depressive symptoms with interleukin-6.
Meta-analysis investigating associations between healthy diet and fasting glucose and insulin levels and modification by loci associated with glucose homeostasis in data from 15 cohorts.
Characterization of a small molecule inhibitor of plasminogen activator inhibitor type 1 that accelerates the transition into the latent conformation.
Welding and ischemic heart disease.
Proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy of Sjögren-Larsson syndrome heterozygotes.
Cognitive function in patients with chronic pain treated with opioids: characteristics and associated factors.
5-HT1A and 5-HT7 receptor crosstalk in the regulation of emotional memory: implications for effects of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors.
Exercise therapy for chronic low back pain: protocol for an individual participant data meta-analysis.
[Evolution of Sjögren syndrome associated with hepatitis C virus when chronic hepatitis C is treated by interferon or the association of interferon and ribavirin].
Effects of physiotherapy interventions on balance in multiple sclerosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
[Sentinel lymph node biopsy in patients with cutaneous malignant melanoma].
To be strategically struggling against resignation: the lived experience of being cared for in forensic psychiatric care.
Gene expression profiling of macrophages: implications for an immunosuppressive effect of dissolucytotic gold ions.
Binding processes determine the stereoselective intestinal and hepatic extraction of verapamil in vivo.
Homozygosity mapping of Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome to 5q31.
[Anti-alpha-fodrin antibodies: interest for the diagnosis of Sjögren' s syndromes].
Autoantibodies against carbonic anhydrase II are increased in renal tubular acidosis associated with Sjogren syndrome.
Genetic variation within the interleukin-1 gene cluster and ischemic stroke.
Occupational exposure to particles and incidence of acute myocardial infarction and other ischaemic heart disease.
Negative-pressure wound therapy for deep sternal wound infections reduces the rate of surgical interventions for early re-infections.
Orthostatic hypotension and novel blood pressure-associated gene variants: Genetics of Postural Hemodynamics (GPH) Consortium.
Treatment of myelopathy in Sjögren syndrome with a combination of prednisone and cyclophosphamide.
Paucity of Sjogren-like syndrome in a cohort of HIV-1-positive patients in the HAART era. Part II.
Respiratory paralysis in Sjogren syndrome with normal renal function.
Simple advice on lifestyle habits and long-term changes in biomarkers of inflammation and vascular adhesion in healthy middle-aged men.
[Protein-losing gastroenteropathy associated with Sjögren syndrome-case report and review of the Japanese literature].
T2-hyperintense cerebellar cortex in Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome.
[Sjögren syndrome. New therapeutic approaches].
A large-sample assessment of possible association between ischaemic stroke and rs12188950 in the PDE4D gene.
Using CSF biomarkers to replicate genetic associations in Alzheimer's disease.
Inhalation of decomposed chlorodifluoromethane (freon-22) and myocardial infarction.
Incidence of sternocutaneous fistulas following open heart surgery in a nationwide cohort.
Functional outcomes after radiotherapy or laser surgery in early glottic carcinoma: a systematic review.
Magnetic resonance abnormalities associated with cognitive dysfunction in primary Sjögren syndrome.
Celiac disease must be evaluated in patients with Sjögren syndrome.
Monozygotic twins discordant for intermittent allergic rhinitis differ in mRNA and protein levels.
An epigenetic mechanism for high, synergistic expression of indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase 1 (IDO1) by combined treatment with zebularine and IFN-γ: potential therapeutic use in autoimmune diseases.
Localized hippocampus measures are associated with Alzheimer pathology and cognition independent of total hippocampal volume.
Discovery of Disubstituted Imidazo[4,5-b]pyridines and Purines as Potent TrkA Inhibitors.
The Renalase Asp37Glu polymorphism is not associated with hypertension and cardiovascular events in an urban-based prospective cohort: the Malmö Diet and cancer study.
Meta-analysis identifies multiple loci associated with kidney function-related traits in east Asian populations.
Acute effects of exposure to vapors of hydrogen peroxide in humans.
Studies on the molecular pathogenesis of extraskeletal myxoid chondrosarcoma-cytogenetic, molecular genetic, and cDNA microarray analyses.
Defective inactivation of leukotriene B4 in patients with Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
Apoptosis and Sjögren syndrome.
Thyroid hormone autoantibodies in primary Sjögren syndrome and rheumatoid arthritis are more prevalent than in autoimmune thyroid disease, becoming progressively more frequent in these diseases.
Orthopaedic manifestations of Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome.
The functional variant V433M of the CYP4F2 and the metabolic syndrome in Swedes.
Pharmacogenetic implications for eight common blood pressure-associated single-nucleotide polymorphisms.
Hourly variability of cerebrospinal fluid biomarkers in Alzheimer's disease subjects and healthy older volunteers.
5-Lipoxygenase inhibition: a new treatment strategy for Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
[A new putative principle for diagnosis of Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease].
Evaluation of the glycine transporter inhibitor Org 25935 as augmentation to cognitive-behavioral therapy for panic disorder: a multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
Mammary gland proliferation in female rats: effects of the estrous cycle, pseudo-pregnancy and age.
Primary Sjögren syndrome in childhood: report of a case and review of the literature.
Help for dry eyes and mouth. A simple test for tear production can lead to early diagnosis, the key to treating Sjogren Syndrome.
The effect of artificial tears on corneal surface regularity in patients with Sjögren syndrome.
Fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase: genomic structure, expression and mutation analysis in Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
The role of IGF-1 for fracture risk in men.
A truncated analogue of CCL2 mediates anti-fibrotic effects on murine fibroblasts independently of CCR2.
Glycine transporter inhibitor attenuates the psychotomimetic effects of ketamine in healthy males: preliminary evidence.
Meta-analysis identifies six new susceptibility loci for atrial fibrillation.
Observations by G-banding and multicolor spectral karyotyping in a salivary gland basal cell adenoma.
Relationships among morphine metabolism, pain and side effects during long-term treatment: an update.
A model for tissue-specific inducible insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) inactivation to determine the physiological role of liver-derived IGF-I.
Bibliography. Current world literature. Systemic lupus erythematosus and Sjögren syndrome.
Myelopathy in seronegative Sjögren syndrome and/or primary progressive multiple sclerosis.
Distribution of coronary artery stenosis after radiation for breast cancer.
Detecting global and local hippocampal shape changes in Alzheimer's disease using statistical shape models.
BEaST: brain extraction based on nonlocal segmentation technique.
Reflect and learn together - when two supervisors interact in the learning support process of nurse education.
During replication stress, non-SMC element 5 (NSE5) is required for Smc5/6 protein complex functionality at stalled forks.
GLP-1 receptor agonists and the thyroid: C-cell effects in mice are mediated via the GLP-1 receptor and not associated with RET activation.
Effectiveness of constraint-induced movement therapy on activity and participation after stroke: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Diagnostic evaluation and classification criteria in Sjögren's Syndrome.
Microsomal fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase catalyzes the oxidation of aliphatic aldehyde derived from ether glycerolipid catabolism: implications for Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
Tailored vs. standardized internet-based cognitive behavior therapy for depression and comorbid symptoms: a randomized controlled trial.
The cerebral extracellular release of glycerol, glutamate, and FGF2 is increased in older patients following severe traumatic brain injury.
MR imaging features in Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome: severe cerebellar atrophy is not an obligatory finding.
Cause of late death after cardiac surgery in the very elderly: a single institution experience.
The Arabidopsis cell cycle checkpoint regulators TANMEI/ALT2 and ATR mediate the active process of aluminum-dependent root growth inhibition.
Use of opioid analgesics in the treatment of cancer pain: evidence-based recommendations from the EAPC.
Uptake and disposition of 1,1-difluoroethane (HFC-152a) in humans.
Individual subject classification for Alzheimer's disease based on incremental learning using a spatial frequency representation of cortical thickness data.
Tesaglitazar, a dual PPAR-α/γ agonist, hamster carcinogenicity, investigative animal and clinical studies.
An alternative linear trend analysis for assessing the results of the mouse lymphoma assay.
Acute cerebellar ataxia due to Sjögren syndrome.
Effects of liver-derived insulin-like growth factor I on bone metabolism in mice.
[Prolonged chronic non-malignant pain conditions].
Genetic identity of Marinesco-Sjögren/myoglobinuria and CCFDN syndromes.
Secondary Sjogren's Syndrome in 83 Patients With Rheumatoid Arthritis.
Genome-wide association study identifies loci influencing concentrations of liver enzymes in plasma.
Structural and functional differences between neuropathy with and without pain?
Validation and usefulness of the Danish version of the Pain Medication Questionnaire in opioid-treated chronic pain patients.
A variant upstream of the CDH13 adiponectin receptor gene and metabolic syndrome in Swedes.
Topographic anatomy of the nerve to masseter: an anatomical and clinical study.
Biological correlates of clinical subgroups of Alzheimer's disease.
2-thioxanthines are mechanism-based inactivators of myeloperoxidase that block oxidative stress during inflammation.
Statistical means to enhance the comparability of data within a pooled analysis of individual data in neurobehavioral toxicology.
Bacterial genotoxin triggers FEN1-dependent RhoA activation, cytoskeleton remodeling and cell survival.
Lack of association between genetic variations in the KALRN region and ischemic stroke.
Clinicopathological features of pure mica pneumoconiosis associated with Sjögren syndrome.
Pharmacokinetic-pharmacodynamic modeling of the inhibitory effects of naproxen on the time-courses of inflammatory pain, fever, and the ex vivo synthesis of TXB2 and PGE2 in rats.
Validation of a modified EuroSCORE risk stratification model for cardiac surgery: the Swedish experience.
[Every tenth hospitalized patient is given antibiotics for a nosocomial infection].
Peptidylarginine deiminase, the arginine to citrulline converting enzyme, is frequently recognized by sera of patients with rheumatoid arthritis, systemic lupus erythematosus and primary Sjögren syndrome.
[Association between serum amyloid A (SAA) in salivary glands and high levels of circulating beta 2-microglobulin in patients with Sjögren syndrome].
Identification of protein-protein interactions by surface plasmon resonance followed by mass spectrometry.
Lung manifestation in asymptomatic patients with primary Sjögren syndrome: assessment with high resolution CT and pulmonary function tests.
Increased hepatic insulin sensitivity in mice lacking inhibitory leptin receptor signals.
Mild cognitive impairment: baseline and longitudinal structural MR imaging measures improve predictive prognosis.
Association of genetic variation with systolic and diastolic blood pressure among African Americans: the Candidate Gene Association Resource study.
Role of viruses in systemic lupus erythematosus and Sjögren syndrome.
Influence of early gut microbiota on the maturation of childhood mucosal and systemic immune responses.
Racial differences in hepatitis C treatment eligibility.
CT and MR findings of bilateral lacrimal gland enlargement in Sjögren syndrome.
Different toxicity profiles for drug- versus radionuclide-conjugated BR96 monoclonal antibodies in a syngeneic rat colon carcinoma model.
An integral link.
Discovery of 6-(2,4-difluorophenoxy)-2-[3-hydroxy-1-(2-hydroxyethyl)propylamino]-8-methyl-8H-pyrido[2,3-d]pyrimidin-7-one (pamapimod) and 6-(2,4-difluorophenoxy)-8-methyl-2-(tetrahydro-2H-pyran-4-ylamino)pyrido[2,3-d]pyrimidin-7(8H)-one (R1487) as orally bioavailable and highly selective inhibitors of p38α mitogen-activated protein kinase.
The role of parotid biopsy in the diagnosis of pediatric Sjögren syndrome.
Invited commentary.
Influence from genetic variability on opioid use for cancer pain: a European genetic association study of 2294 cancer pain patients.
An alternative method for preparation of tissue sections from the rat mammary gland.
Salivary scintigraphy for Sjögren's syndrome in patients with xerostomia: A retrospective study.
Gallium-67 scintigraphic findings in a patient with breast lymphoma complicated with Sjögren syndrome.
Stent thrombosis and bleeding complications after implantation of sirolimus-eluting coronary stents in an unselected worldwide population: a report from the e-SELECT (Multi-Center Post-Market Surveillance) registry.
Serine/threonine kinase 39 is a candidate gene for primary hypertension especially in women: results from two cohort studies in Swedes.
MR sialography in patients with Sjögren syndrome.
Spatial patterns of brain amyloid-beta burden and atrophy rate associations in mild cognitive impairment.
Prevalence and predictors of cognitive dysfunction in opioid-treated patients with cancer: a multinational study.
Antibody response to a delayed booster dose of anthrax vaccine and botulinum toxoid.
Sjogren - Larsson Syndrome: a case report.
Isolated autonomic cardiovascular neuropathy in a patient with primary Sjögren syndrome: a case of successful treatment with glucocorticoid.
Fine mapping of genetic variants in BIN1, CLU, CR1 and PICALM for association with cerebrospinal fluid biomarkers for Alzheimer's disease.
A mobile field-work data collection system for the wireless era of health surveillance.
Geranylgeranyltransferase type I (GGTase-I) deficiency hyperactivates macrophages and induces erosive arthritis in mice.
Comparative outcome of double lung transplantation using conventional donor lungs and non-acceptable donor lungs reconditioned ex vivo.
Disseminated superficial actinic porokeratosis in a patient with Sjögren syndrome.
Decreased Th1-type inflammatory cytokine expression in the skin is associated with persisting symptoms after treatment of erythema migrans.
NMR-derived models of amidopyrine and its metabolites in complexes with rabbit cytochrome P450 2B4 reveal a structural mechanism of sequential N-dealkylation.
'happy on norflurazon' (hon) mutations implicate perturbance of plastid homeostasis with activating stress acclimatization and changing nuclear gene expression in norflurazon-treated seedlings.
Dynamics of leukocyte receptors after severe burns: an exploratory study.
Which variables are associated with pain intensity and treatment response in advanced cancer patients?--Implications for a future classification system for cancer pain.
Early colonization with a group of Lactobacilli decreases the risk for allergy at five years of age despite allergic heredity.
Liver-derived IGF-I regulates mean life span in mice.
Reduced bone mass and muscle strength in male 5α-reductase type 1 inactivated mice.
Differences in cerebral extracellular response of interleukin-1β, interleukin-6, and interleukin-10 after subarachnoid hemorrhage or severe head trauma in humans.
A novel series of IKKβ inhibitors part I: Initial SAR studies of a HTS hit.
Symptoms and side effects in chronic non-cancer pain: patient report vs. systematic assessment.
Interactions of dietary whole-grain intake with fasting glucose- and insulin-related genetic loci in individuals of European descent: a meta-analysis of 14 cohort studies.
Psychological and behavioural predictors of pain management outcomes in patients with cancer.
EDRF transcripts and diagnosis of variant Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease.
Dental caries and dental health behavior of patients with primary Sjögren syndrome.
Randomized comparison of final kissing balloon dilatation versus no final kissing balloon dilatation in patients with coronary bifurcation lesions treated with main vessel stenting: the Nordic-Baltic Bifurcation Study III.
Genetic variant on chromosome 12p13 does not show association to ischemic stroke in 3 Swedish case-control studies.
A novel series of IKKβ inhibitors part II: description of a potent and pharmacologically active series of analogs.
Inactivating GGTase-I reduces disease phenotypes in a mouse model of K-RAS-induced myeloproliferative disease.
Th1/Th2 cytokine imbalance in patients with Sjögren syndrome secondary to hepatitis C virus infection.
Parotid sialography for diagnosing Sjögren syndrome.
Role of salivary IgA in the pathogenesis of Sjögren syndrome.
Longitudinal changes in white matter disease and cognition in the first year of the Alzheimer disease neuroimaging initiative.
The role of estrogen receptor α in growth plate cartilage for longitudinal bone growth.
Sjögren-Larsson syndrome: clinical and MRI/MRS findings in FALDH-deficient patients.
Application of extracorporeal immunoadsorption to reduce circulating blood radioactivity after intraperitoneal administration of indium-111-HMFG1-biotin.
Presence of alpha-and beta-integrin subunits in rabbit lacrimal gland acinar cells cultured on a laminin-rich matrix.
Self-assessment in cancer patients referred to palliative care: a study of feasibility and symptom epidemiology.
[Research activities at a department of palliative medicine].
[Palliative sedation].
[Tonsillitis in young people--consider Fusobacterium necrophorum].
Hepatitis C virus treatment-related anemia is associated with higher sustained virologic response rate.
Altered early infant gut microbiota in children developing allergy up to 5 years of age.
Genome-wide association study of blood pressure extremes identifies variant near UMOD associated with hypertension.
Enlarged lateral ventricles and aberrant behavior in mice overexpressing PDGF-B in embryonic neural stem cells.
Hearing loss in the Sjögren syndrome.
[Sjögren-Larsson syndrome].
Survival time of Class II molar restorations in relation to patient and dental health insurance costs for treatment.
Long-term cost of direct Class II molar restorations.
Decreased CSF-beta-amyloid 42 in Alzheimer's disease and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis may reflect mismetabolism of beta-amyloid induced by disparate mechanisms.
Interface gap size of manually and CAD/CAM-manufactured ceramic inlays/onlays in vitro.
Effects of dental materials on insulin release from isolated islets of Langerhans.
[Sjögren' syndrome: a progressive disease].
Alpha-fodrin autoantibodies in the differential diagnosis of MS and Sjögren syndrome.
Activation of nitric oxide signaling through muscarinic receptors in submandibular glands by primary Sjögren syndrome antibodies.
Motor weakness and cerebellar ataxia in Sjögren syndrome--identification of antineuronal antibody: a case report.
Association between pleural plaques and coronary heart disease.
A two-dose-rate method for general recombination correction for liquid ionization chambers in pulsed beams.
The cognitive effects of opioids in chronic non-cancer pain.
Mobile dental care.
Release of VEGF and FGF in the extracellular space following severe subarachnoidal haemorrhage or traumatic head injury in humans.
[What common grounds exist in the pathomechanism of Sjögren disease and associated hematologic diseases? From autoreactive B cell activation and T cell cooperation to B-cell lymphoma. Pathogenesis of lymphoproliferations in patients with Sjögren syndrome].
Clinical priorities, barriers and solutions in end-of-life cancer care research across Europe. Report from a workshop.
The oral side of Sjögren syndrome. Diagnosis and treatment. A review.
Pulmonary AL amyloidosis in a patient with primary Sjögren syndrome.
[Dangerous mother or a mother accused of being dangerous?].
Re: "Lung cancer among industrial sand workers exposed to crystalline silica".
The molecular basis of Sjögren-Larsson syndrome: mutation analysis of the fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase gene.
Midkine and pleiotrophin have bactericidal properties: preserved antibacterial activity in a family of heparin-binding growth factors during evolution.
The search for putative unifying genetic factors for components of the metabolic syndrome.
Incomplete Sjögren-Larsson syndrome in two Japanese siblings.
Dental hygiene education for nursing staff in a nursing home for older people.
Comments on Point:Counterpoint: IGF is/is not the major physiological regulator of muscle mass. IGF-1 and adult muscle mass.
[Multiple urinary lithiasis and nephrocalcinosis secondary to primary Sjögren syndrome].
Autoantigens and Sjögren syndrome.
Sjögren syndrome: comparison of assessments with MR sialography and conventional sialography.
Defective metabolism of leukotriene B4 in the Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
Aspects of left ventricular morphology outperform left ventricular mass for prediction of QRS duration.
Targeting the protein prenyltransferases efficiently reduces tumor development in mice with K-RAS-induced lung cancer.
Endogenous steroids measured by high-specificity liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry and prevalent cardiovascular disease in 70-year-old men and women.
Genetic loci influencing kidney function and chronic kidney disease.
Regulation of serotonin receptor function in the nervous system by lipid rafts and adaptor proteins.
Possible involvement of IL-12 expression by Epstein-Barr virus in Sjögren syndrome.
[A case of Sjögren syndrome accompanied by interstitial cystitis and interstitial pneumonia improved by suplatast tosilate and prednisolone].
How to improve oral fluoride retention?
[Inclusion body myositis and primary Sjögren syndrome].
Fracture behaviour of zirconia FPDs substructures.
The Association of Inflammatory Bowel Diseases with Autoimmune Disorders: A Report from the epi-IIRN.
Cerebrospinal Fluid Biomarkers in Diagnosing Alzheimer's Disease in Clinical Practice: An Illustration with 3 Case Reports.
High-dose radioimmunotherapy combined with extracorporeal depletion in a syngeneic rat tumor model: evaluation of toxicity, therapeutic effect, and tumor model.
Experimental exposure to 1,1,1,3,3-pentafluoropropane (HFC-245fa): uptake and disposition in humans.
Childbirth: expectations, choices, and trends.
[Multiple myeloma with Sweet disease developing from monoclonal gammopathy of undetermined significance and Sjögren syndrome].
Safety and efficacy of drug-eluting vs. bare metal stents in patients with diabetes mellitus: long-term follow-up in the Swedish Coronary Angiography and Angioplasty Registry (SCAAR).
Toxicity-reducing potential of extracorporeal affinity adsorption treatment in combination with the auristatin-conjugated monoclonal antibody BR96 in a syngeneic rat tumor model.
Proton MR spectroscopy of Sjögren-Larsson's syndrome.
MRI of three siblings with Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
Fiber mediated receptor masking in non-infected bystander cells restricts adenovirus cell killing effect but promotes adenovirus host co-existence.
Modafinil for attentional and psychomotor dysfunction in advanced cancer: a double-blind, randomised, cross-over trial.
Comparison of human papillomavirus testing and cervical cytology with colposcopic examination and biopsy in cervical cancer screening in a cohort of patients with Sjogren's syndrome.
The Smc5/6 complex: more than repair?
Design and validation of Segment--freely available software for cardiovascular image analysis.
Dystonia secondary to Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
Continuous assessment of concentrations of cytokines in experimental injuries of the extremity.
Need of assistance with daily oral hygiene measures among nursing home resident elderly versus the actual assistance received from the staff.
Fatty aldehyde and fatty alcohol metabolism: review and importance for epidermal structure and function.
Antenatal maternal depressive mood and parental-fetal attachment at the end of pregnancy.
Saving more lives.
Sonography of lacrimal glands in Sjögren syndrome.
[Diagnosis of the Mikulicz-Sjogren syndrome using biopsy of the minor salivary glands].
Octreotide therapy for the Sjögren syndrome.
Dental hygiene education for nursing staff.
The prevalence of Sjögren syndrome in patients with primary progressive multiple sclerosis.
[Detection of B-lymphocyte clonality in samples of salivary gland tissue in patients with primary Sjogren syndrome].
SS-56, a novel cellular target of autoantibody responses in Sjögren syndrome and systemic lupus erythematosus.
[The Danish Medicines Agency should reconsider the criteria of generic substitution between fentanyl depot patches].
Nf1 deficiency cooperates with oncogenic K-RAS to induce acute myeloid leukemia in mice.
A case of sensory neuropathy associated with childhood Sjögren syndrome.
Linkage to 18qter differentiates two clinically overlapping syndromes: congenital cataracts-facial dysmorphism-neuropathy (CCFDN) syndrome and Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome.
[Molecular mechanism in Sjögren syndrome: T cell receptors and autoantigens].
[Report on "the 8th International Symposium on Sjögren syndrome"].
Sjögren-Larsson syndrome: accumulation of free fatty alcohols in cultured fibroblasts and plasma.
[Consider influenza vaccination in heart disease trials].
Fracture resistance of all-ceramic crowns placed on a preparation with a slice-formed finishing line.
The role of liver-derived insulin-like growth factor-I.
Sjögren syndrome: an unexpected disease occurring fourteen years after oligoarticular onset juvenile idiopathic arthritis.
Sjogren - Larsson Syndrome.
[Progress in the study of allergy and collagen disease in the last 100 years: Sjogren syndrome].
HLA class I and class II are both associated with the genetic predisposition to primary Sjögren syndrome.
The Danish Barriers Questionnaire-II: preliminary validation in cancer pain patients.
[Generic substitution of depot preparations containing opioids. Cost savings with great expenses?].
Chronic pain and other sequelae in long-term breast cancer survivors: nationwide survey in Denmark.
Acute effects of exposure to vapours of standard and dearomatized white spirits in humans. 2. Irritation and inflammation.
Primary Sjögren syndrome: hematologic patterns of disease expression.
The pattern of cognitive symptoms predicts time to dementia onset.
[Sjögren-Larsson syndrome].
Incidence of physician-diagnosed primary Sjögren syndrome in residents of Olmsted County, Minnesota.
Combined X-ray and NMR analysis of the stability of the cyclotide cystine knot fold that underpins its insecticidal activity and potential use as a drug scaffold.
Primary Sjögren syndrome: clinical and immunologic disease patterns in a cohort of 400 patients.
IgG anti-transglutaminase autoantibodies in systemic lupus erythematosus and Sjögren syndrome.
[Changes of the nerve fibers innervating the minor salivary glands in Sjögren syndrome].
RNA-based mutation screening in German families with Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
Haemodynamic effects of -75 mmHg negative pressure therapy in a porcine sternotomy wound model.
Oxycodone is associated with dose-dependent QTc prolongation in patients and low-affinity inhibiting of hERG activity in vitro.
Heat stabilization of the tissue proteome: a new technology for improved proteomics.
[Effect of Bakumondo-to on increased sensitivity of the cough reflex in a Sjögren syndrome patient with interstitial lung disease].
The prevalence of Sjögren syndrome in patients with primary progressive multiple sclerosis.
Systemic tocopherols and F2-isoprostanes and the risk of Alzheimer's disease and dementia: a prospective population-based study.
Changes in adipose tissue gene expression and plasma levels of adipokines and acute-phase proteins in patients with critical illness.
The Danish version of the Medication Adherence Report Scale: preliminary validation in cancer pain patients.
Randomized comparison of coronary bifurcation stenting with the crush versus the culotte technique using sirolimus eluting stents: the Nordic stent technique study.
Redefining the Sjögren-Larsson syndrome: atypical findings in three siblings and implications regarding diagnosis.
Vitamin E deficiency due to chylomicron retention disease in Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome.
Use of surface plasmon resonance coupled with mass spectrometry reveals an interaction between the voltage-gated sodium channel type X alpha-subunit and caveolin-1.
Treatment of Sjögren syndrome myelopathy with azathioprine and steroids.
Barriers to cancer pain management: a review of empirical research.
Coupling surface plasmon resonance to mass spectrometry to discover novel protein-protein interactions.
Cerebrospinal fluid alpha-synuclein does not discriminate between dementia disorders.
Online capillary solid phase extraction and liquid chromatographic separation with quantitative tandem mass spectrometric detection (SPE-LC-MS/MS) of ximelagatran and its metabolites in a complex matrix.
Identification of novel candidate protein biomarkers for the post-polio syndrome - implications for diagnosis, neurodegeneration and neuroinflammation.
High-resolution genomic profiling of adenomas and carcinomas of the salivary glands reveals amplification, rearrangement, and fusion of HMGA2.
Identification of new protein substrates for the chloroplast ATP-dependent Clp protease supports its constitutive role in Arabidopsis.
[Report of a patient of primary Sjögren syndrome, IgA nephropathy and chronic idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura].
[Mixed and palatal salivary secretion in denture-wearing healthy people and in patients with Sjogren syndrome].
Sjögren-Larsson syndrome: early diagnosis, dietary management and biochemical studies in two cases.
Rapid effects of air pollution on ventricular arrhythmias.
Liver-derived IGF1 enhances the androgenic response in prostate.
[Sjögren-Larsson syndrome].
Premature fat deposition in the salivary glands associated with Sjögren syndrome: MR and CT evidence.
Neurofibrillary degeneration in Alzheimer's disease: from molecular mechanisms to identification of drug targets.
A personal digital assistant application (MobilDent) for dental fieldwork data collection, information management and database handling.
Incomplete Sjögren-Larsson syndrome in two Japanese siblings?
Muscarinic acetylcholine receptor antibodies as a new marker of dry eye Sjögren syndrome.
Obstetric and perinatal outcome in anti-Ro/SSA-positive pregnant women: a prospective cohort study.
[Sjögren-Larsson syndrome].
[Secondary Gougerot-Sjogren syndrome].
[Primary Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome in a 13-year-old girl].
Preterm birth in Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
Inactivating Icmt ameliorates K-RAS-induced myeloproliferative disease.
Hepatitis C virus infection mimicking primary Sjögren syndrome. A clinical and immunologic description of 35 cases.
Multicentre phase II trial of paclitaxel and carboplatin with concurrent radiotherapy in locally advanced non-small cell lung cancer.
Clinical and microbiological studies of periodontal disease in Sjögren syndrome patients.
[Spielmeyer-Vogt-Sjögren disease].
A non-synonymous variant in SLC30A8 is not associated with type 1 diabetes in the Danish population.
Structural and quantitative comparison of cerebrospinal fluid glycoproteins in Alzheimer's disease patients and healthy individuals.
Effects of butter naturally enriched with conjugated linoleic acid and vaccenic acid on blood lipids and LDL particle size in growing pigs.
First prenatal diagnosis by mutation analysis in a family with Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
[Minimal-change disease with mesangial IgA deposits associated with Sjogren syndrome].
Pharmacokinetic-pharmacodynamic relationships of cognitive and psychomotor effects of intravenous buprenorphine infusion in human volunteers.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association data and large-scale replication identifies additional susceptibility loci for type 2 diabetes.
Eating meals irregularly: a novel environmental risk factor for the metabolic syndrome.
Effects of a physical exercise intervention on subjective physical well-being, psychosocial functioning and general well-being among office workers: a cluster randomized-controlled cross-over design.
The orthopaedic presentation and management of Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
Small heat shock proteins Hsp27 or alphaB-crystallin and the protein components of neurofibrillary tangles: tau and neurofilaments.
Method to simultaneously determine the sphingosine 1-phosphate breakdown product (2E)-hexadecenal and its fatty acid derivatives using isotope-dilution HPLC-electrospray ionization-quadrupole/time-of-flight mass spectrometry.
Update in Sjögren syndrome.
Outcome of treatment with implant-retained dental prostheses in patients with Sjögren syndrome.
Antifouling activity of a dibrominated cyclopeptide from the marine sponge Geodia barretti.
Locomotor deficiencies and aberrant development of subtype-specific GABAergic interneurons caused by an unliganded thyroid hormone receptor alpha1.
Characterization of the 12q amplicons by high-resolution, oligonucleotide array CGH and expression analyses of a novel liposarcoma cell line.
Non-neoplastic mortality of European workers who produce man made vitreous fibres.
Synthesis and biological evaluation of LNA phosphoramidates.
Pain management of opioid-treated cancer patients in hospital settings in Denmark.
[Sjögren syndrome and hepatitis C virus: casual or etiopathogenic relationship].
Bibliography. Current world literature. Systemic lupus erythematosus and Sjögren syndrome.
The cost of vacuum-assisted closure therapy in treatment of deep sternal wound infection.
Fatty acid desaturases in human adipose tissue: relationships between gene expression, desaturation indexes and insulin resistance.
Alpha-fodrin auto-antibody in Sjögren syndrome and other auto-immune diseases in childhood.
Clinically significant and biopsy-documented renal involvement in primary Sjögren syndrome.
Diagnostic criteria influence dementia prevalence.
Construction of a chiral central nervous system (CNS)-active aminotetralin drug compound based on a synthesis strategy using multitasking properties of (S)-1-phenylethylamine.
Changes in extracellular concentrations of some cytokines, chemokines, and neurotrophic factors after insertion of intracerebral microdialysis catheters in neurosurgical patients.
Impact of different topical negative pressure levels on myocardial microvascular blood flow.
Extraglandular manifestations of primary Sjögren's syndrome.
Regulation of skeletal muscle PPAR delta mRNA expression in twins.
The significance of biochemical and molecular sample integrity in brain proteomics and peptidomics: stathmin 2-20 and peptides as sample quality indicators.
Hepatitis C virus E2 envelope protein induces dendritic cell maturation.
Dilated cardiomyopathy (DCM) associated with SSA antibody in primary Sjögren syndrome.
[Organisation and development of palliative care in Denmark].
[Steps before IT--the basis of a useful documentation].
Increased striatal mRNA and protein levels of the immunophilin FKBP-12 in experimental Parkinson's disease and identification of FKBP-12-binding proteins.
Molecular basis of Sjögren-Larsson syndrome: frequency of the 1297-1298 del GA and 943C-->T mutation in 29 patients.
[Subacute polyradiculoneuropathy associated with primary Sjogren syndrome].
Low dose Zebularine treatment enhances immunogenicity of tumor cells.
Antifouling activity of bromotyrosine-derived sponge metabolites and synthetic analogues.
Sjögren-Larsson syndrome is caused by a common mutation in northern European and Swedish patients.
Sjögren syndrome associated with multiple myeloma of the IgA κ-type.
Coexisting thymic and gastric lymphomas of mucosa-associated lymphoid tissues in a patient with Sjögren syndrome.
Thymosin beta4 upregulates the expression of hepatocyte growth factor and downregulates the expression of PDGF-beta receptor in human hepatic stellate cells.
Evaluation of the guinea pig monophasic action potential (MAP) assay in predicting drug-induced delay of ventricular repolarisation using 12 clinically documented drugs.
Non-positive autoimmune responses against CYP2E1 in refrigeration mechanics exposed to halogenated hydrocarbons.
Degradation of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in soil by a two-step sequential treatment.
Topical nonpreserved methylprednisolone therapy for keratoconjunctivitis sicca in Sjögren syndrome.
A novel point mutation of the FALDH gene in a Japanese family with Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
Experimental exposure to 1,1,1-trifluoroethane (HFC-143a): uptake, disposition and acute effects in male volunteers.
Improved tumor targeting and decreased normal tissue accumulation through extracorporeal affinity adsorption in a two-step pretargeting strategy.
Lymphoepithelial duct lesions in Sjögren-type sialadenitis.
[Unusual complication of primary Goujerot-Sjögren syndrome: interstitial cystitis].
Physician-related barriers to cancer pain management with opioid analgesics: a systematic review.
Abundance of NKT cells in the salivary glands but absence thereof in the liver and thymus of aly/aly mice with Sjögren syndrome.
Mechanisms by which common variants in the TCF7L2 gene increase risk of type 2 diabetes.
Polytherapy with hERG-blocking antiepileptic drugs: increased risk for embryonic cardiac arrhythmia and teratogenicity.
[A case of subclinical Sjögren syndrome associated with high levels of serum IgM, thrombocytopenia and splenomegaly].
Liver-derived IGF-I regulates kidney size, sodium reabsorption, and renal IGF-II expression.
Tesaglitazar, a PPARalpha/gamma agonist, induces interstitial mesenchymal cell DNA synthesis and fibrosarcomas in subcutaneous tissues in rats.
[Stevens-Johnson syndrome followed by Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
Successful treatment of embryo implantation failure in patients with the Sjögren syndrome with low-dose prednisolone.
Hypokalaemic paralysis revealing Sjögren syndrome in an elderly man.
Thyroid disease in primary Sjögren syndrome. Study in a series of 160 patients.
Depletion of the lipid raft constituents, sphingomyelin and ganglioside, decreases serotonin binding at human 5-HT7(a) receptors in HeLa cells.
Reliability methodology in caries epidemiological studies conducted in the Nordic countries between 1990 and 2001.
Genome-wide association analysis identifies loci for type 2 diabetes and triglyceride levels.
Antifungal compounds from cultures of dairy propionibacteria type strains.
Combined flow cytometry and confocal laser scanning microscopy for evaluation of BR96 antibody cancer cell targeting and internalization.
[Hashimoto's thyroiditis and Sjögren syndrome. Association or autoimmune multiple syndrome?].
[Subacute neuropathy, multiple cancers, and Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome: contribution of anti-Hu antibody].
Sjögren-Larsson syndrome: technique and timing of prenatal diagnosis.
[Differences in the prescription of analgesics in the treatment of cancer pain in six Danish pain treatment units].
Anger experiences among hepatitis C patients: relationship to depressive symptoms and health-related quality of life.
Hemodynamic effects of vacuum-assisted closure therapy in cardiac surgery: assessment using magnetic resonance imaging.
Regulation of growth hormone signaling by selective estrogen receptor modulators occurs through suppression of protein tyrosine phosphatases.
Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
[A case of Sjögren syndrome associated with bronchiolitis obliterans organizing pneumonia].
Neuroradiologic findings in Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome.
[Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome].
[Sjögren syndrome in ORL. Diagnostic considerations].
[Diagnosis and classification of primary Sjögren syndrome. Comparison of 3 criteria sets in 219 cases].
Midlife respiratory function and Incidence of Alzheimer's disease: a 29-year longitudinal study in women.
A nonsurgical technique for blood access in extracorporeal affinity adsorption of antibodies in rats.
Reduced myelotoxicity with sustained tumor concentration of radioimmunoconjugates in rats after extracorporeal depletion.
[Sjögren syndrome].
[Immunopathology of Gougerot-Sjogren syndrome].
Variation in GYS1 interacts with exercise and gender to predict cardiovascular mortality.
[Monoclonal gammapathy IgG kappa in patients with Sjogren syndrome. Apropos of a case].
Risk of systemic autoimmune diseases in gastric disease patients with proton pump inhibitor use: a nationwide cohort study in Taiwan.
[Nephropathy associated with hypocomplementemic urticarial vasculitis: A case report and literature review].
Personality and fear of childbirth.
An Arabidopsis thaliana virescent mutant reveals a role for ClpR1 in plastid development.
Rce1 deficiency accelerates the development of K-RAS-induced myeloproliferative disease.
A common deletion mutation in European patients with Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
A genomic survey of the fish parasite Spironucleus salmonicida indicates genomic plasticity among diplomonads and significant lateral gene transfer in eukaryote genome evolution.
Interleukin-6 and tumor necrosis factor-alpha levels in tears of patients with dry eye syndrome.
EULAR recommendations for the management of Sjögren's syndrome with topical and systemic therapies.
Characterisation of follicular dendritic cells in labial salivary glands of patients with primary Sjögren syndrome: comparison with tonsillar lymphoid follicles.
Sjögren-Larsson syndrome: sporadic case of the disease in a boy 8 years of age.
Neurological manifestations in Sjögren syndrome.
Neurological manifestations in Sjogren syndrome
[MALT lymphoma of the parotid gland associated with Sjögren syndrome. A case report and review of literature].
Toxicokinetics of 1,1,1,2-tetrafluoroethane (HFC-134a) in male volunteers after experimental exposure.
Critical issues on opioids in chronic non-cancer pain: an epidemiological study.
The management of deep sternal wound infections using vacuum assisted closure (V.A.C.) therapy.
Brominated cyclodipeptides from the marine sponge Geodia barretti as selective 5-HT ligands.
Randomized study on simple versus complex stenting of coronary artery bifurcation lesions: the Nordic bifurcation study.
[Rapidly progressive acute renal failure. A rare complication of primary Sjogren syndrome].
Investigating prion diseases on the Internet.
Bibliography. Current world literature. Systemic lupus erythematosus and Sjögren syndrome.
Rituximab in systemic autoimmune rheumatic diseases: indications and practical use.
Common single nucleotide polymorphisms in TCF7L2 are reproducibly associated with type 2 diabetes and reduce the insulin response to glucose in nondiabetic individuals.
Effect of surface condition of dental zirconia ceramic (Denzir) on bonding.
Sternal stability at different negative pressures during vacuum-assisted closure therapy.
[de Gorgerot-Sjogren syndrome simulating amyotrophic lateral sclerosis].
Acute effects of exposure to vapours of acetic acid in humans.
Autonomic failure and proximal skeletal myopathy in a patient with primary Sjögren syndrome.
Acute effects of exposure to hexanal vapors in humans.
Downregulation of electron transport chain genes in visceral adipose tissue in type 2 diabetes independent of obesity and possibly involving tumor necrosis factor-alpha.
Multimodal imaging of the macula in hereditary and acquired lack of macular pigment.
Separation of human adipocytes by size: hypertrophic fat cells display distinct gene expression.
Sickle cell resources online; browsing the Internet.
A missense mutation in the FALDH gene identified in Sjögren-Larsson syndrome patients originating from the northern part of Sweden.
Interleukin-6 levels in relation to psychosocial factors: studies on serum, saliva, and in vitro production by blood mononuclear cells.
Assessments of the accumulation severities of amyloid beta-protein and hyperphosphorylated tau in the medial temporal cortex of control and Alzheimer's brains.
Searching for volunteer opportunities; hints for group e-mail.
Discovery of S-[5-amino-1-(4-fluorophenyl)-1H-pyrazol-4-yl]-[3-(2,3-dihydroxypropoxy)phenyl]methanone (RO3201195), an orally bioavailable and highly selective inhibitor of p38 MAP kinase.
Liver-directed overexpression of mitochondrial glycerol-3-phosphate acyltransferase results in hepatic steatosis, increased triacylglycerol secretion and reduced fatty acid oxidation.
Vacuum-assisted closure of the sternotomy wound: respiratory mechanics and ventilation.
VEGF family members regulate myocardial tubulogenesis and coronary artery formation in the embryo.
Human T-cell lymphotropic virus type 1-associated myelopathy, Sjögren syndrome, and lymphocytic pneumonitis.
[Mucocutaneous candidosis in a patient with Sjögren syndrome].
Urology sites on the Internet and search tips for Internet browsers.
Anti-alpha-fodrin antibodies in Sjögren syndrome and lupus erythematosus.
A novel 4 bp deletion mutation in the FALDH gene segregating in a Turkish family with Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
Comparison of corneal biomechanical properties of patients with dry eye secondary to Sjögren's syndrome and healthy subjects.
Violent deaths in small children in northern Sweden.
Depressive symptoms and white matter changes in patients with dementia.
Symptom priority and course of symptomatology in specialized palliative care.
[Annular erythema in Sjögren syndrome. A variant of cutaneous lupus erythematosus?].
Marinesco Sjögren syndrome with rhabdomyolysis. A new subtype of the disease.
Sjögren-Larsson syndrome: postmortem brain abnormalities.
Neurological manifestations in Sjögren syndrome.
Transplant information on the World Wide Web.
Sjögren-Larsson syndrome: explaining the skin-brain connection.
Quality optimised analysis of general paired microarray experiments.
Surface roughness of five different dental ceramic core materials after grinding and polishing.
Cost-effectiveness of the Taxus paclitaxel-eluting stent in the Swedish healthcare system.
[Diagnostic criteria of Sjögren syndrome].
[Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome disclosed by MALT lymphoma of the salivary glands. Report of 3 cases].
Adie syndrome as the initial sign of primary Sjögren syndrome.
[Compression of the main bile duct disclosing a Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
Circulation and antigenic drift in human influenza B viruses in SE Asia and Oceania since 2000.
Low serum potassium in mid life associated with decreased cerebrospinal fluid Abeta42 in late life.
Through the eyes of a Swedish midwife-to-be.
[Revised Japan criteria for Sjögren syndrome].
Association of Sicca Syndrome with Proviral Load and Proinflammatory Cytokines in HTLV-1 Infection.
Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome associated with acute myeloblastic leukemia.
Impaired expansion of regulatory T cells in a neonatal thymectomy-induced autoimmune mouse model.
[Autologous serum tears: Long-term treatment in dry eye syndrome].
Determining maximal tolerable dose of the monoclonal antibody BR96 labeled with 90Y or 177Lu in rats: establishment of a syngeneic tumor model to evaluate means to improve radioimmunotherapy.
A unique role of monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 among chemokines in adipose tissue of obese subjects.
Increased intrathecal inflammatory activity in frontotemporal dementia: pathophysiological implications.
Genetic prediction of future type 2 diabetes.
Investigation of central versus peripheral effects of estradiol in ovariectomized mice.
A case of Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
Pilocarpine tablets for the treatment of dry mouth and dry eye symptoms in patients with Sjögren syndrome: a randomized, placebo-controlled, fixed-dose, multicenter trial. P92-01 Study Group.
[Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome associated with dysthyroidism].
Extranodal Marginal Zone Lymphoma of Mucosa-Associated Lymphoid Tissue of the Salivary Glands: A Multicenter, International Experience of 248 Patients (IELSG 41).
[Etiological profile of secondary Raynaud's phenomenon in an internal medicine department. About 121 patients].
[Sjögren syndrome associated with renal tubular acidosis type I].
[Bronchiolitis obliterans with organized pneumonia: a rare complication of primary Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
[Autoantibody to glutamate decarboxylase in a patient with spinocerebellar degeneration and Sjögren syndrome].
Liver-derived IGF-I regulates exploratory activity in old mice.
Blood pharmacokinetics of various monoclonal antibodies labeled with a new trifunctional chelating reagent for simultaneous conjugation with 1,4,7,10-tetraazacyclododecane-N,N',N'',N'''-tetraacetic acid and biotin before radiolabeling.
Spectrum of mutations and sequence variants in the FALDH gene in patients with Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
Detailed genetic and physical mapping in the Sjögren-Larsson syndrome gene region in 17p11.2.
TMD in patients with primary Sjögren syndrome: a comparison with temporomandibular clinic cases and controls.
Fear of childbirth and psychosomatic support. A follow up of 72 women.
The first definition of Sjögren's syndrome.
Characterizing Autoimmune Disease-associated Diffuse Large B-cell Lymphoma in a SEER-Medicare Cohort.
The person behind the eponym: Henrik Sjögren (1899-1986).
[The man behind the syndrome: Henrik Sjögren. He elucidated the importance of tear production for the eye].
Henrik Sjögren and Sjögren's syndrome.
Torsten Sjogren.
[Hypokalemic quadriplegia with distal tubular acidosis revealing a a case of primary Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
Elevated tear interleukin-6 levels in patients with Sjögren syndrome.
[Evaluation of parotid sialography and labial salivary gland biopsy to the diagnosis of Sjögren syndrome].
Ingela Sjögren: an appreciation.
Torsten SJOGREN and Swedish psychiatry: 1940-1960.
Evidence for different pharmacological targets for imidazoline compounds inhibiting settlement of the barnacle Balanus improvisus.
SLS or not SLS. Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
Mortality of Dutch coal miners in relation to pneumoconiosis, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, and lung function.
[Sjogren syndrome].
Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome in a Bedouin family.
Epidemiological profile and north-south gradient driving baseline systemic involvement of primary Sjögren's syndrome.
A microdialysis technique for routine measurement of macromolecules in the injured human brain.
Factors contributing to the decision to leave nursing care: a study among Swedish nursing personnel.
[Neurologic complications of Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
[Lymphocytic colitis and Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome. Report of two cases].
[Current aspects of Gougerot-Sjõgren syndrome].
A possible connection between furnace dust exposure, plasma fibrinogen levels and cardiovascular disease.
Severe hypokalaemia and respiratory arrest due to renal tubular acidosis in a patient with Sjögren syndrome.
Blood flow responses in the peristernal thoracic wall during vacuum-assisted closure therapy.
Apoptotic nuclear degeneration in Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome.
Evaluation of reference genes for studies of gene expression in human adipose tissue.
The antiprogesterone Org 31710 inhibits human blastocyst-endometrial interactions in vitro.
Impaired Ca2+ handling and contraction in cardiomyocytes from mice with a dominant negative thyroid hormone receptor alpha1.
Breakthrough pain in malignant and non-malignant diseases: a review of prevalence, characteristics and mechanisms.
Identification of lymphoma predictors in patients with primary Sjögren's syndrome: a systematic literature review and meta-analysis.
Zinc induces neurofilament phosphorylation independent of p70 S6 kinase in N2a cells.
A longitudinal study of palliative care: patient-evaluated outcome and impact of attrition.
MR of the brain in Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
[Sjögren syndrome and bilateral MALT lymphoma of the parotid gland].
[Palliative units in Denmark].
[A patient with Sjögren syndrome with central pontine myelinolysis and hypokalemic myopathy].
Early diagnosis of primary Sjögren's syndrome: EULAR-SS task force clinical recommendations.
Sequencing, expression, and enzymatic characterization of beta-hexosaminidase in rabbit lacrimal gland and primary cultured acinar cells.
[A case of Sjögren syndrome associated with multiple mononeuritis and dysautonomia including bilateral tonic pupils].
Meibomian gland dysfunction in patients with Sjögren syndrome.
Detection of beta-A4 amyloid and its precursor protein in the muscle of a patient with juvenile neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis (Spielmeyer-Vogt-Sjögren).
Identification and characterisation of a novel splice variant of the human CB1 receptor.
Growth hormone overexpression in the central nervous system results in hyperphagia-induced obesity associated with insulin resistance and dyslipidemia.
[Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome. Neurologic complications].
Anti-RO/SSA and anti-La/SSB antibodies: Association with mild lupus manifestations in 645 childhood-onset systemic lupus erythematosus.
Preventing acute liver disease in patients with chronic liver disease.
[Clinical and radiographic study of Sjögren syndrome in children].
Update on Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
HPA axis activation determined by the CRH challenge test in patients with few versus multiple episodes of treatment-refractory depression.
Estrogen up-regulates hepatic expression of suppressors of cytokine signaling-2 and -3 in vivo and in vitro.
Weighted analysis of paired microarray experiments.
Generalized cellular hypertrophy is induced by a dual-acting PPAR agonist in rat urinary bladder urothelium in vivo.
[Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome. Risk of lymphoma].
[Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome. Diagnostic criteria and therapeutic methods].
Haematopathology of 'Sjögren-mice': histopathological changes in spleens after semiallogeneic cell transfer.
Efficacy of extracranial-intracranial bypass for progressive middle cerebral artery occlusion associated with active Sjögren's syndrome: case report.
[Sjögren syndrome and hepatitis C virus infection].
Validation of a prefractionation method followed by two-dimensional electrophoresis - Applied to cerebrospinal fluid proteins from frontotemporal dementia patients.
Association testing in 9,000 people fails to confirm the association of the insulin receptor substrate-1 G972R polymorphism with type 2 diabetes.
Health care utilisation among individuals reporting long-term pain: an epidemiological study based on Danish National Health Surveys.
Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
Recurrent parotid gland enlargement as an initial manifestation of Sjögren syndrome in children.
Parotid gland: US findings in Sjögren syndrome. Work in progress.
Ischaemic heart disease among livestock and agricultural workers.
[Thyroid lymphoma and Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
Evaluation of environmental and management-related risk factors associated with chronic mastitis in sows.
Effects of vacuum-assisted closure therapy on inguinal wound edge microvascular blood flow.
Depletion of alcohol (hexanol) dehydrogenase activity in the epidermis and jejunal mucosa in Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
Sjögren-Larsson syndrome: inherited defect in the fatty alcohol cycle.
[Severe pulmonary fibrosis disclosing primary Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome. Apropos of 5 cases, 2 of which were fatal].
[Lymphocytic interstitial pneumonia in Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome with scleroderma].
Sjögren's syndrome-associated interstitial lung disease: A multicenter study.
[Evaluation of dectin-1 and BAFF expression in conjunctival epithelial cells].
Sjogren-Larsson syndrome.
[Study on the relationship between primary Sjögren syndrome and HLA-DRbeta gene].
Mutations associated with Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
Reasons for anxiety about childbirth in 100 pregnant women.
Reversible antifouling effect of the cyclotide cycloviolacin O2 against barnacles.
[Primary Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome in a young man].
Intravenous Immunoglobulin Therapy in Refractory Autoimmune Dysautonomias: A Retrospective Analysis of 38 Patients.
Tear meniscus dimensions in tear dysfunction and their correlation with clinical parameters.
Primary Sjögren's syndrome related optic neuritis.
Assessment of major salivary gland size in primary Sjögren's syndrome: Comparison between clinical examination and ultrasonography.
[Marinesco Sjögren syndrome].
A comparison of fracture strength of yttrium-oxide- partially-stabilized zirconia ceramic crowns with varying core thickness, shapes and veneer ceramics.
Therapeutic immunization against cancer antigens using genetically engineered cells.
Gene profiling reveals increased expression of uteroglobin and other anti-inflammatory genes in glucocorticoid-treated nasal polyps.
The role of caregivers after a stillbirth: views and experiences of parents.
Pharmacological consequences of long-term morphine treatment in patients with cancer and chronic non-malignant pain.
Presence of fibronectin peptides in saliva of patients with Sjögren's syndrome: a potential indicator of salivary gland destruction.
[Sjögren syndrome and subacute demyelinating polyradiculopathy: an unusual association].
Purification, crystallization and preliminary X-ray data of the transcription factor NtcA from the cyanobacterium Anabaena PCC 7120.
Impact of polymer surface affinity of novel antifouling agents.
Identifying a long-term/chronic, non-cancer pain population using a one-dimensional verbal pain rating scale: an epidemiological study.
[Histopathogenesis of chronic sialectatic parotitis as precursor of myoepithelial sialadenitis lesion (Sjögren syndrome)].
In the shadow of maternal depressed mood: experiences of parenthood during the first year after childbirth.
Development of and recovery from long-term pain. A 6-year follow-up study of a cross-section of the adult Danish population.
The effect of vacuum-assisted closure therapy on the pig femoral artery vasomotor responses.
Enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay for detection of Shiga toxin-producing Escherichia coli infection by antibodies to Escherichia coli secreted protein B in children with hemolytic uremic syndrome.
Decreased cerebrospinal fluid neuropeptide Y (NPY) in patients with treatment refractory unipolar major depression: preliminary evidence for association with preproNPY gene polymorphism.
[A 64-year-old woman with primary Sjögren syndrome and multiple bilateral pulmonary opacities].
Heterogeneous nuclear ribonucleoprotein h1, a novel nuclear autoantigen.
Can photon IMRT be improved by combination with mixed electron and photon techniques?
[Neurologic manifestations of primary Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
[Pitié-Salpêtriére Hospital. Case 1--1998. Acute renal failure with large kidneys in a patient with Sjögren syndrome].
[Primary Sjögren syndrome. Study of a population of patients at the Hospital Universitario de Caracas, Venezuela].
[Distal renal tubular acidosis and nephrolithiasis in 3 cases of primary Sjögren syndrome].
Pulmonary manifestations of systemic lupus erythematosus and Sjögren's syndrome.
Liquid growth hormone: preservatives and buffers.
Validation methodology in publications describing epidemiological registration methods of dental caries: a systematic review.
Sex differences in the toxicokinetics of inhaled solvent vapors in humans 2. 2-propanol.
Occupational exposure to dust: inflammation and ischaemic heart disease.
[A case of Sjogren syndrome with mass forming pancreatitis].
Assessment of fatigue and dryness in primary Sjögren's syndrome: Brazilian version of "Profile of Fatigue and Discomfort - Sicca Symptoms Inventory (short form) (PROFAD-SSI-SF)".
A randomized controlled study to evaluate an experimental moisturizing mouthwash formulation in participants experiencing dry mouth symptoms.
Deep sternal wound infection: a sternal-sparing technique with vacuum-assisted closure therapy.
Epidemiology of chronic non-malignant pain in Denmark.
Sex differences in the toxicokinetics of inhaled solvent vaporsin humans 1. m-Xylene.
Evidence for Golgi bodies in proposed 'Golgi-lacking' lineages.
Sjögren-Larsson syndrome is caused by mutations in the fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase gene.
Myelitis transverse in Sjögren's syndrome and systemic lupus erythematosus: presentation of 3 cases.
A retrospective study of pre-fabricated carbon fibre root canal posts.
[A case of Sjögren syndrome associated with sarcoidosis].
[MRI study of three siblings of suspicious Sjögren-Larsson syndrome].
Primary Sjogren syndrome: clinical and immunopathologic features.
Linkage studies on Marinesco-Sjøgren syndrome and hypergonadotropic hypogonadism.
Sex-specific patterns of spleen recolonization in semiallogeneic "Sjögren-mice".
CSF markers for Alzheimer's disease: total tau, phospho-tau and Abeta42.
Measurement of alpha- and beta-secretase cleaved amyloid precursor protein in cerebrospinal fluid from Alzheimer patients.
Cytotoxicity and bonding property of dental ceramics.
Changes in the Submandibular Salivary Gland Epithelial Cell Subpopulations During Progression of Sjögren's Syndrome-Like Disease in the NOD/ShiLtJ Mouse Model.
Sjögren-Larsson-like syndrome with bone dysplasia and normal fatty alcohol NAD+ oxidoreductase activity.
Sjögren-Larsson syndrome: case reports.
Suspected faulty essential fatty acid metabolism in Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
[Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome, connective tissue diseases and autoimmune pathology].
[Current concept of Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
Treatment of aggressive behavior in dementia with the anticonvulsant topiramate: a retrospective pilot study.
A meta-analysis of four European genome screens (GIFT Consortium) shows evidence for a novel region on chromosome 17p11.2-q22 linked to type 2 diabetes.
A case of multicentric reticulohistiocytosis, systemic sclerosis and Sjögren syndrome.
Scaling lichenoid eruptions and Sjögren-like syndrome: manifestations of nonfatal postoperative transfusion-associated graft-versus-host disease?
[Sjögren syndrome and a pulmonary mass: lymphoma or pseudolymphoma?].
Sjögren-like Disease and Silicone Implants A Greek Experience.
Mucins in contact lens wear and dry eye conditions.
Retention of prefabricated and individually cast root canal posts in vitro.
[Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome and malignant lymphoproliferative syndromes].
[Concomitant dermatitis herpetiformis Duhring, arthritis and Sjögren syndrome in a patient with celiac disease].
The risk of autoimmune connective tissue diseases in patients with atopy: A nationwide population-based cohort study.
Biotinylation, pharmacokinetics, and extracorporeal adsorption of humanized MAb 111In-MN14 using an avidin-affinity column in rats.
Selective reduction of soluble tau proteins in sporadic and familial frontotemporal dementias: an international follow-up study.
Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome: clinical and magnetic resonance imaging features in three children.
Bilateral optic disk swelling plus.
Early workplace intervention for employees with musculoskeletal-related absenteeism: a prospective controlled intervention study.
Lifetime burden of mood swings and activation of brain norepinephrine turnover in patients with treatment-refractory depressive illness.
Gigantic cannibals driving a whole-lake trophic cascade.
Elevated levels of cysteine protease activity in saliva and salivary glands of the nonobese diabetic (NOD) mouse model for Sjögren syndrome.
[Primary Sjögren's Syndrome - News on Diagnostics and Therapy].
Ultrasound salivary gland involvement in Sjogren's syndrome vs. other connective tissue diseases: is it autoantibody and gland dependent?
Clinical characteristics, prevalence, influence on sow performance, and assessment of sow-related risk factors for granulomatous mastitis in sows.
Altered levels of cerebrospinal fluid reelin in frontotemporal dementia and Alzheimer's disease.
Structure and kinetic properties of Paracoccus pantotrophus cytochrome cd1 nitrite reductase with the d1 heme active site ligand tyrosine 25 replaced by serine.
Functional association of cytokine-induced SH2 protein and protein kinase C in activated T cells.
Chromosomal instability in Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome associated with acute myeloblastic leukemia.
[MALT lymphoma with parotid and gastric involvement during Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
Psychomotor and cognitive functioning in cancer patients.
Assessment of Corneal Fluorescein Staining in Different Dry Eye Subtypes Using Digital Image Analysis.
Severe idiopathic pneumoparotitis: Case report and study review.
Clinical profile and associated factors of pulmonary involvement in primary Sjögren's syndrome.
Classifying signs and symptoms of dry eye disease according to underlying mechanism via the Delphi method: the DIDACTIC study.
[Neurological involvement in primary Gougerot Sjögren syndrome: a case study].
A morphological and chromosomal study of blastocysts developing from morphologically suboptimal human pre-embryos compared with control blastocysts.
Incidence of autoimmune diseases in a nationwide HIV/AIDS patient cohort in Taiwan, 2000-2012.
Clinical ultrasonography in systemic autoimmune diseases.
The Sjögren syndrome and tear function profile.
[Hepatitis C virus and disease model of Sjogren syndrome].
Fluoride and urea chewing gums in an intra-oral experimental caries model.
Bone-resorbing activity from cholesterol-exposed macrophages due to enhanced expression of interleukin-1alpha.
Profiling Autoantibodies against Salivary Proteins in Sicca Conditions.
[Sjögren's syndrome update: Clinical and therapeutic aspects].
Broad and complex antifungal activity among environmental isolates of lactic acid bacteria.
Classification and subtypes of vascular dementia.
Surveillance for neuraminidase inhibitor resistance in human influenza viruses from Australia.
Decreased cerebrospinal fluid acetylcholinesterase in patients with subcortical ischemic vascular dementia.
Phylogenetic analyses of diplomonad genes reveal frequent lateral gene transfers affecting eukaryotes.
Chronic bronchitis and risk of coronary heart disease.
Gastrointestinal features of scleroderma.
Immune-mediated conditions affecting the brain, eye and ear (BEE syndromes).
[Central nervous system symptoms of Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
[A patient with mixed collagen disease, antiphospholipid syndrome and Sjögren syndrome].
[Unstable bladder and Sjögren syndrome. Clinical case].
Intense pulsed light therapy: A promising complementary treatment for dry eye disease.
Objective measurement of the alertness level in dementia.
A transgenic model to determine the physiological role of liver-derived insulin-like growth factor I.
Neurofilament protein in cerebrospinal fluid: a marker of white matter changes.
Low cerebrospinal fluid beta-amyloid 42 in patients with acute bacterial meningitis and normalization after treatment.
Pathophysiological aspects of frontotemporal dementia--emphasis on cytoskeleton proteins and autoimmunity.
Septic shock among patients with systemic lupus erythematosus: Short and long-term outcome. Analysis of a French nationwide database.
ESSDAI activity index of the SJÖGRENSER cohort: analysis and comparison with other European cohorts.
SIL1 deficiency causes degenerative changes of peripheral nerves and neuromuscular junctions in fish, mice and human.
[From rune stones to genes. The cause of Sjögren-Larsson syndrome is encircled].
Validation and psychometric properties of the Eular Sjögren's Syndrome Patient Reported Index (ESSPRI) into Brazilian Portuguese.
Systemic manifestations of primary Sjögren's syndrome out of the ESSDAI classification: prevalence and clinical relevance in a large international, multi-ethnic cohort of patients.
Studies of the pathophysiological mechanisms in frontotemporal dementia by proteome analysis of CSF proteins.
Randomised controlled trials and publication trends in periodontal research during 1980-2000.
Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome: clinical and magnetic resonance imaging features in three children.
Liver-derived insulin-like growth factor-I is involved in the regulation of blood pressure in mice.
Tau and Abeta42 in cerebrospinal fluid from healthy adults 21-93 years of age: establishment of reference values.
Sialadenitis histologically resembling Sjogren syndrome in mice transgenic for hepatitis C virus envelope genes.
Marinesco Sjogren syndrome : a case report.
Ophthalmological aspects in allogenic bone marrow transplantation: Sjögren-like syndrome in graft-versus-host disease.
Lichen planus and Sjögren-type sicca syndrome in a patient with chronic hepatitis C.
Protocolised Odontological Assessment of Patients With Primary Sjögren's Syndrome.
Confirmation of linkage of Sjögren-Larsson syndrome to chromosome 17 in families of different ethnic origins.
Autoantibodies in Sjögren's Syndrome.
The association of other autoimmune diseases in patients with Graves' disease (with or without ophthalmopathy): Review of the literature and report of a large series.
[Clinical manifestations of primary Sjögren syndrome].
SER recommendations on the use of biological drugs in primary Sjögren's syndrome.
Autoimmune associations in a Mexican cohort with primary biliary cholangitis.
Serologic diagnosis of viral hepatitis.
MR imaging of labial glands.
Connective Tissue Disorders in Pregnancy.
Correlation between Xerostomia index, Clinical Oral Dryness Scale, and ESSPRI with different hyposalivation tests.
Primary Sjögren's syndrome and pregnancy: A report of 18 cases.
Prevalence of rheumatic diseases in adult population in Spain (EPISER 2016 study): Aims and methodology.
A retrospective analysis of distinguishing features of chest HRCT and clinical manifestation in primary Sjögren's syndrome-related interstitial lung disease in a Chinese population.
Cerebellar dysplasia and unilateral cataract in Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome.
Neutrophil-to-Lymphocyte Ratio Increases in Patients With Dry Eye.
Prevalence and Demographic Characteristics of Sjögren's Syndrome in Colombia, Based on Information from the Official Ministry of Health Registry.
PERK inhibition attenuates the abnormalities of the secretory pathway and the increased apoptotic rate induced by SIL1 knockdown in HeLa cells.
Lactobacillus plantarum MiLAB 393 produces the antifungal cyclic dipeptides cyclo(L-Phe-L-Pro) and cyclo(L-Phe-trans-4-OH-L-Pro) and 3-phenyllactic acid.
Contact-system activation in children with vasculitis.
Simple schwannomatosis or an incomplete Coffin-Siris? Report of a particular case.
The influence of rinsing routines on fluoride retention after toothbrushing.
Testosterone for male contraception during one year: attitudes, well-being and quality of sex life.
Periorbital erythema and swelling as a presenting sign of lupus erythematosus in tertiary referral centers and literature review.
Topical treatment of Sjögren-Larsson syndrome with calcipotriol.
Prenatal diagnosis of Sjögren-Larsson syndrome using enzymatic methods.
Unsuccessful dietary treatment of Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
What syndrome is this? Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
Fractal dimensions of ductal patterns in the parotid glands of normal subjects and patients with Sjögren syndrome.
MR imaging of Sjögren syndrome: correlation with sialography and pathology.
The Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome examined by computed tomography, magnetic resonance, and 18F-2-fluoro-2-deoxy-D-glucose and positron emission tomography.
[Specific immune response to pancreas antigen (PA3) in chronic pancreatitis and Sjögren syndrome].
Sjögren-Larsson syndrome associated with the Dandy-Walker malformation: report of a case.
Neuro-otological findings in a case of Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome with nystagmus.
[Generalized ichthyosis associated with a spastic syndrome of the lower limbs, a variant of Sjögren-Larsson syndrome? Light and electron microscopy study of ichthyosis and its evolution with oral etretinate treatment].
Necrotizing arteritis and spinal subarachnoid hemorrhage in Sjögren syndrome.
Granulocytopenia with marked lymphocytosis manifesting Sjogren syndrome.
Mortality from cardiovascular diseases and exposure to inorganic mercury.
The cerebrospinal fluid levels of tau, growth-associated protein-43 and soluble amyloid precursor protein correlate in Alzheimer's disease, reflecting a common pathophysiological process.
Monoclonal gammopathy in rheumatic diseases.
Cerebral MRI and spectroscopy in Sjögren-Larsson syndrome: case report.
[An autopsy case of Sjögren syndrome with organized and fresh subdural hemorrhage (hematoma)].
Sjögren-Larsson syndrome: report of a case in India.
Carrier detection for Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
Monoaminergic dysfunction in Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
Sjögren-Larsson syndrome: case reports of two brothers.
[Comparative profile of antinuclear antibodies in Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome with and without diffuse interstitial pulmonary fibrosis].
HTLV-I arthropathy and Sjögren syndrome.
[Sicca syndrome and hepatitis C virus infection: a Gougerot-Sjögren pseudo-syndrome?].
[Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome with chronic progressive ophthalmoplegia caused by presumed defective oxidative phosphorylation].
Clinical Severity Classification using Automated Conjunctival Hyperemia Analysis Software in Patients with Superior Limbic Keratoconjunctivitis.
Randomised, prospective clinical trial of platelet-rich plasma injection in the management of severe dry eye.
Sister chromatid cohesion is required for postreplicative double-strand break repair in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
SIL1, the endoplasmic-reticulum-localized BiP co-chaperone, plays a crucial role in maintaining skeletal muscle proteostasis and physiology.
[Influence of epigenetic in Sjögren's syndrome].
Complications of childhood Sjögren syndrome.
[Case of remitting seronegative symmetrical synovitis with pitting edema complicated with Sjogren syndrome].
Marinesco-Sjogren syndrome: can the diagnosis be made prior to cataract formation?
Interleukin 17A: a Janus-faced regulator of osteoporosis.
Oral health-related quality of life in primary Sjögren's syndrome.
Salivary gland biopsy: a comprehensive review of techniques and related complications.
Both total and phosphorylated tau are increased in Alzheimer's disease.
Direct comparisons of effectiveness and safety of treatment with Apixaban, Dabigatran and Rivaroxaban in atrial fibrillation.
Association of tapasin and COPI provides a mechanism for the retrograde transport of major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class I molecules from the Golgi complex to the endoplasmic reticulum.
Proteome analysis of cerebrospinal fluid proteins in Alzheimer patients.
Symptomatology of cancer patients in palliative care: content validation of self-assessment questionnaires against medical records.
["Repressed memories" don't prove sexual abuse].
Customary practices in the monitoring of dry eye disease in Sjogren's syndrome.
Extranodal marginal zone B cell lymphoma: An unexpected complication in children with Sjögren's syndrome.
Genetic homogeneity in Sjögren-Larsson syndrome: linkage to chromosome 17p in families of different non-Swedish ethnic origins.
[Systemic manifestations of primary Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome. Nature and incidence apropos of 34 cases].
George Marinesco in the Constellation of Modern Neuroscience.
Pain, sedation and morphine metabolism in cancer patients during long-term treatment with sustained-release morphine.
Technical prerequisites for in vivo microdialysis determination of interleukin-6 in human dermis.
Increased intrathecal levels of the angiogenic factors VEGF and TGF-beta in Alzheimer's disease and vascular dementia.
Psychological indications for prenatal diagnosis.
Primary Sjögren's syndrome and bronchiolitis. An unusual association.
MRI of white matter changes in the Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
Evaluation of drug permeability calculation based on luminal disappearance and plasma appearance in the rat single-pass intestinal perfusion model.
Antibodies to intimin and Escherichia coli secreted proteins A and B in patients with enterohemorrhagic Escherichia coli infections.
Changing M3G/M6G ratios and pharmacodynamics in a cancer patient during long-term morphine treatment.
Review: MicroRNAS in ocular surface and dry eye diseases.
Tacrine and rate of progression in Alzheimer's disease--relation to ApoE allele genotype.
Effects of absorption-modifying excipients on jejunal drug absorption in simulated fasted and fed luminal conditions.
Rat intestinal drug permeability: A status report and summary of repeated determinations.
[Gougerot Sjögren syndrome and hepatitis C virus: what relation?].
Chronic non-malignant pain patients and health economic consequences.
Defining redox state of X-ray crystal structures by single-crystal ultraviolet-visible microspectrophotometry.
Medline search validity for randomised controlled trials in different areas of dental research.
Quality of reporting randomised clinical trials in dental and medical research.
Skeletal findings in Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome.
Effects of <i>Lactobacillus reuteri</i>-containing lozenges on healing after surgical removal of mandibular third molars: a randomised controlled trial.
The potential of telemedicine: barriers, incentives and possibilities in the implementation phase.
The diagnostic value of technetium 99m pertechnetate salivary gland scintigraphy in patients with certain salivary gland diseases.
[Clinical features of Sjögren syndrome].
Trends in dental and medical research and relevance of randomized controlled trials to common activities in general dentistry.
Cloning, partial sequencing and expression of rabbit lacrimal gland beta-hexosaminidase.
Effects of native and cleaved forms of alpha1-antitrypsin on ME 1477 tumor cell functional activity.
Intraluminal pressure modulates eicosanoid enzyme expression in vascular endothelium of intact human conduit vessels at physiological levels of shear stress.
The complexity of KIT gene mutations and chromosome rearrangements and their clinical correlation in gastrointestinal stromal (pacemaker cell) tumors.
Development of a virtual screening method for identification of "frequent hitters" in compound libraries.
Nitric oxide synthase inhibitor and IL-18 enhance the anti-tumor immune response of rats carrying an intrahepatic colon carcinoma.
Mechanical versus biological aortic valve implants in the elderly. A comparison of early and mid-term results.
[Echocardiographic findings in primary Sjögren syndrome].
[Oral manifestations of autoimmune diseases with sicca symptoms. Comparative studies of patients with primary and secondary Sjögren syndrome].
Chronic sclerosing sialadenitis (Küttner tumor) is an IgG4-associated disease.
[Clinical features and prognostic analysis of neuromyelitisoptica spectrum disease with sjogrensyndrome].
Body fat content can be predicted in vivo in mice using a modified dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry technique.
Cerebrospinal fluid cytoskeleton proteins in patients with subcortical white-matter dementia.
The anaesthesiologist and chronic pain.
Systemic capillary leak syndrome and autoimmune diseases: A case series.
Single bead investigation of a clinical drug delivery system - A novel release mechanism.
Increased bone mass in a mouse model with low fat mass.
Circulating fatty acids in relation to alcohol consumption: Cross-sectional results from a cohort of 60-year-old men and women.
Characteristics of the case mix, organisation and delivery in cancer palliative care: a challenge for good-quality research.
Dental issues in lacrimo-auriculo-dento-digital syndrome: An autosomal dominant condition with clinical and genetic variability.
Are the women with Sjögren's Syndrome satisfied with their sexual activity?
Development, Sensibility, and Validity of a Systemic Autoimmune Rheumatic Disease Case Ascertainment Tool.
[Are the anatomopathological classifications of primary Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome correlated with each-other and with clinical symptoms?].
[Hodgkin disease with cellular markers of Epstein-Barr virus complicating the course of Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
Dental ceramics and ceramic restorations. An in vitro and in vivo study.
Effect of absorption-modifying excipients, hypotonicity, and enteric neural activity in an in vivo model for small intestinal transport.
Tear Fluid Protein Changes in Dry Eye Syndrome Associated with Rheumatoid Arthritis: A Proteomic Approach.
Jejunal absorption of aprepitant from nanosuspensions: Role of particle size, prandial state and mucus layer.
Time-dependent effects on small intestinal transport by absorption-modifying excipients.
Frontotemporal dementia can be distinguished from Alzheimer's disease and subcortical white matter dementia by an anterior-to-posterior rCBF-SPET ratio.
[Bilateral optic neuropathy disclosing primary Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
[CD4 lymphocytopenia, Gougerot-Sjögren and systemic lupus erythematosus].
[Association of primary Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome and Sweet syndrome. Apropos of a case].
[Transient Sjögren syndrome with pancreatic involvement].
[Organ-specific nodular pulmonary amyloidosis of the A lambda type in Sjogren syndrome].
Cytotoxicity of dental alloys, metals, and ceramics assessed by millipore filter, agar overlay, and MTT tests.
The Structure of an alternative form of Paracoccus pantotrophus cytochrome cd(1) nitrite reductase.
The effects of three absorption-modifying critical excipients on the in vivo intestinal absorption of six model compounds in rats and dogs.
Neurofilament light protein levels in cerebrospinal fluid predict long-term disability of Guillain-Barré syndrome: A pilot study.
Effect of Xerostomia on the Functional Capacity of Subjects with Rheumatoid Arthritis.
Mucosal-associated invariant T cells are reduced and functionally immature in the peripheral blood of primary Sjögren's syndrome patients.
Cellular Signature of SIL1 Depletion: Disease Pathogenesis due to Alterations in Protein Composition Beyond the ER Machinery.
The prognostic value of routinely performed minor salivary gland assessments in primary Sjögren's syndrome.
Prevalence, sensitivity and specificity of antibodies against carbamylated proteins in a monocentric cohort of patients with rheumatoid arthritis and other autoimmune rheumatic diseases.
Anti-Mitotic Spindle Apparatus Antoantibodies: Prevalence and Disease Association in Chinese Population.
Liver-derived IGF-I is of importance for normal carbohydrate and lipid metabolism.
ERα expression in T lymphocytes is dispensable for estrogenic effects in bone.
Overlapping cases with psoriasis and Sjögren syndrome: a study of lymphocyte response to staphylococcal enterotoxin B.
Management and Risk Reduction of Rheumatoid Arthritis in Individuals with Obstructive Sleep Apnea: A Nationwide Population-Based Study in Taiwan.
Imaging of connective tissue diseases: Beyond visceral organ imaging?
The development of reflective learning in the context of health counselling and health promotion during nurse education.
[Prevention of Hepatitis A and B].
Clinical analysis of recurrent hypergammaglobulinemic purpura associated with Sjögren syndrome.
[Crescentic glomerulonephritis and primary Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
[Age-related changes of human lip salivary glands and their values in the diagnosis of Sjögren syndrome].
Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
Giant mucocele of oral cavity as a mucocutaneous manifestation of Sjögren syndrome.
Detection of hexanol dehydrogenase activity in the epidermis of a patient with Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
Sjögren-Larsson syndrome. Deficient activity of the fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase component of fatty alcohol:NAD+ oxidoreductase in cultured fibroblasts.
Annular erythema. A comparative study of Sjögren syndrome with subacute cutaneous lupus erythematosus.
ICAM-1 and LFA-1 expressions in the lesional skin of annular erythema associated with Sjögren syndrome.
Experience over 17 years with antioxidant treatment in Spielmeyer-Sjögren disease.
Autoimmunity in 28 patients after allogeneic bone marrow transplantation: comparison with Sjögren syndrome and scleroderma.
Lipofuscin and melanin content of the retinal pigment epithelium in a case of Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
Sjögren syndrome: central nervous system manifestations.
Peripheral neuropathy in Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome.
[Rheumatic manifestations of Gougerot-Houwers-Sjögren syndrome].
[Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome].
[Studies on the genesis of so-called Sjögren cells in supravital preparations].
[The Sjogren-Larsson syndrome. Critical review and report of 3 cases].
[Congenital ichthyosis, oligophrenia, spastic diplegia and perimacular degeneration of the retina (Sjogren-Larsson syndrome)].
THE SJOGREN-MIKULICZ SYNDROME-Its Relationship to Connective Tissue Disorders.
[A case from practice (360). Primary Sjögren syndrome].
Cytoskeleton proteins in CSF distinguish frontotemporal dementia from AD.
Altered corneal nerves in aqueous tear deficiency viewed by in vivo confocal microscopy.
The Sjögren-Larsson syndrome gene is close to D17S805 as determined by linkage analysis and allelic association.
[Characteristic MRI findings of sibling cases with Sjögren-Larsson syndrome].
Sjogren syndrome: comparison of sialography and ultrasonography.
Simultaneous occurrence of subacute cutaneous lupus erythematosus and Sweet syndrome. A marker of Sjögren syndrome?
Myopathy in Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome: an electrophysiological study.
Congenital muscular dystrophy in Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome.
Sjögren syndrome: comparative studies in local ocular and serum immunoglobulin concentrations with special reference to secretory IgA.
Clinical and histological analysis of labial lip biopsy in Sjögren syndrome.
Ultrastructural study of the skin in Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
Hexanol dehydrogenase activity shown by enzyme histochemistry on skin biopsies allows differentiation of Sjögren-Larsson syndrome from other ichthyoses.
Sjogren syndrome in childhood: report of two cases.
Myopathy with unique ultrastructural feature in Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome.
Magnetic resonance imaging of cerebral lesions in patients with the Sjögren syndrome.
Myopathy in Marinesco-Sjogren syndrome.
[Sjogren-Larsson syndrome. Apropos of a case].
[Short-term tracheobronchial clearance in apparently pure Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
Sjögren-like syndrome after drug-induced toxic epidermal necrolysis.
Sjogren syndrome presenting as pulmonary pseudolymphoma: report of a case.
[Genetic counseling in Sjögren-Larsson syndrome (author's transl)].
[Sjogren-Larsson syndrome. Congenitalicthyosis, oligophrenia, spastic diplegia and degeneration of the retina].
Muscle pathology in Marinesco-Sjogren syndrome: a unique ultrastructural feature.
Hepatic decompensation associated with lamivudine: a case report and review of lamivudine-induced hepatotoxicity.
Diagnostic contribution of quantitative analysis of salivary scintigraphy in patients with suspected Sjögren's syndrome.
Structure of the bound dioxygen species in the cytochrome oxidase reaction of cytochrome cd1 nitrite reductase.
[Clinical usefulness of salivary gland ultrasonography in Sjögren's syndrome: Where are we now?].
Pulmonary nodular and cystic light chain deposition disease: A retrospective review of 10 cases.
Does the medical record cover the symptoms experienced by cancer patients receiving palliative care? A comparison of the record and patient self-rating.
Dental status in nursing home residents with domiciliary dental care in Sweden.
Central nervous system disease in a child with primary Sjögren syndrome.
[The two faces of Sjögren's syndrome].
Diagnosis of small fiber neuropathy: A comparative study of five neurophysiological tests.
Changes in Saliva Rheological Properties and Mucin Glycosylation in Dry Mouth.
Sensory neuronopathies.
Long-term opioid therapy in Denmark: A disappointing journey.
Decreased circulating CXCR3 + CCR9+T helper cells are associated with elevated levels of their ligands CXCL10 and CCL25 in the salivary gland of patients with Sjögren's syndrome to facilitate their concerted migration.
Evaluation of IL8 pathway on the ocular surface: new insights in patients with ocular mucous membrane pemphigoid.
Bromhexine elevates REP2 expression to stimulate secretion from human primary conjunctiva fornix epithelial cells.
[Sjogren syndrome and hepatitis c virus infection].
Acute Sjögren-like syndrome as the first manifestation of a generalized CMV infection in a patient with AIDS.
Prediction of outcome in fetal autoimmune complete heart block.
Systemic lupus erythematosus in Native sub-Saharan Africans: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Recurrent annular erythema--cutaneous manifestation of Sjögren syndrome with anti SS-A (Ro) and anti SS-B (La) antibodies].
A 3-year follow-up study of preformed beta-quartz glass-ceramic insert restorations.
CSF levels of tau, beta-amyloid(1-42) and GAP-43 in frontotemporal dementia, other types of dementia and normal aging.
Efficacy and safety of topical and systemic medications: a systematic literature review informing the EULAR recommendations for the management of Sjögren's syndrome.
Biomarkers for Primary Sjögren's Syndrome.
Regulator of G protein signaling 2 is a key regulator of pancreatic β-cell mass and function.
[Clonal B-cell reaction in Sjögren disease and Hashimoto autoimmune thyroiditis].
Multicolor spectral karyotype analysis of a transplantable human ileal carcinoid.
Recommendations for the treatment of Sjögren's syndrome.
[Physiopathological aspects of the secretion of the digestive glands in a case of Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
[The syndrome of Sjögren].
[The Sjögren syndrome].
The use of autologous serum eye drops for the treatment of ocular surface disorders.
Computational fluid dynamics (CFD) studies of a miniaturized dissolution system.
[Angiocentric pulmonary T-cell lymphoma associated with primary Sjögren syndrome].
Google-driven search for big data in autoimmune geoepidemiology: analysis of 394,827 patients with systemic autoimmune diseases.
Fusion of the NH2-terminal domain of the basic helix-loop-helix protein TCF12 to TEC in extraskeletal myxoid chondrosarcoma with translocation t(9;15)(q22;q21).
Aortic valve replacement with and without concomitant coronary artery bypass surgery in the elderly: risk factors related to long-term survival.
General anesthesia for Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome.
[Case of Sjögren syndrome with psychosomatic complications; ophthalmologie and clinico-psychologic aspect].
[The Gougerot-Houvers-Sjögren syndrome (xerodermosteosis)].
[Contribution to the study of the Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
[The Gougerot-Sjogren (dry eyes and mouth mucous membranes) and its oral consequences, about a personal observation].
Quantification of alcohol-related mortality in Sweden.
The 2014 ACR annual meeting: a bird's eye view of autoimmunity in 2015.
In Vivo Predictive Dissolution (IPD) and Biopharmaceutical Modeling and Simulation: Future Use of Modern Approaches and Methodologies in a Regulatory Context.
The evaluation of cellular immune function in elderly patients with systemic lupus erythematosus.
Health promotion in the curricula and teaching of two polytechnics in Finland.
Usefulness of antibodies and minor salivary gland biopsy in the study of sicca syndrome in daily clinical practice.
[Wrongly accused for sex abuse--the National Board of Health and Welfare should be able to do something].
Vaccination with B16 melanoma cells expressing a secreted form of interleukin-1beta induces tumor growth inhibition and an enhanced immunity against the wild-type B16 tumor.
[Should minor salivary gland biopsy still be performed?].
Lacrimal Gland Orbital Lobe Cysts Associated With Lymphoid Hyperplasia or Mucosa-Associated Lymphoid Tissue Lymphoma in Patients With Chronic Autoimmune Disease.
Proton-coupled structural changes upon binding of carbon monoxide to cytochrome cd1: a combined flash photolysis and X-ray crystallography study.
Diagnostic Utility of Separate Anti-Ro60 and Anti-Ro52/TRIM21 Antibody Detection in Autoimmune Diseases.
Intraoral radiographic sensors: a possible source of bacterial transmission in the dental office.
Sicca syndrome and dementia in a patient with hepatitis C infection: a case report with unusual bifocal extrahepatic manifestations.
[Neonatal lupus syndrome: Literature review].
ACCELERATED ONSET OF RETINAL TOXICITY FROM HYDROXYCHLOROQUINE USE WITH CONCOMITANT BREAST CANCER THERAPY.
Polymorphism in the TNF-alpha gene promoter at position -1031 is associated with increased circulating levels of TNF-alpha, myeloperoxidase and nitrotyrosine in primary Sjögren's syndrome.
Autoimmune disease-associated non-Hodgkin's lymphoma-a large retrospective study from China.
Toothpaste technique. Studies on fluoride delivery and caries prevention.
Prevention of viral hepatitis--immunoprophylaxis.
Carriers in cancer treatment: monoclonal antibodies.
[With support from the SHSTF--clinics help Santiago's poor women].
[Karolina Widerström--Sigmund Freud. Two pioneers in the field of sexual problems].
[Yong Joo is 24 years old and too old for a job in Seoul].
Diffusion of impurities in a dense fluid near the glass transition.
Respiratory effects of arc welding.
Effects and development of tolerance using transdermal nitrates in the treatment of congestive heart failure.
AMICAR (aminocaproic acid, USP).
Transdermal nitroglycerin systems: ending the confusion (or... "can I show you something in a Nitro-Dur 5?").
Lactate dehydrogenase in developing rat oral epithelium.
So this is team nursing?
TONOCARD (tocainide HCL).
Drug corner: HESPAN (hetastarch).
Lidocaine HCI injection, USP (intravenous injection for cardiac arrhythmias).
Leisure after stroke.
The pharmacological profile of lofepramine, a new antidepressant drug.
Immunoprevention of large bowel cancer: an animal model.
Mars gravity: high-resolution results from viking orbiter 2.
Morphologic studies of the erythropoietic part of bone marrow in myeloid leukaemias.
[Drug therapy in tuberculosis: how short can the therapy be?].
[Lymph-node tuberculosis following the discontinuation of BCG vaccination].
Mitotic activity in myeloid leukaemias. A study of 277 cases.
Education and training in technical audiology.
The effects of anticholinergics on the urinary bladder mechanism.
[Tuberculosis and accidents of children].
Overview: the application of immunology to the development of immunotherapeutic programs for patients with large bowel cancer.
Immunological aspects of colorectal cancer.
The effects of some anticholinergic compounds on the infused urinary bladder of anaesthetized rabbits.
[Immunological aspects of melanoma].
Prognostic value of mitotic studies in myeloid leukaemias.
Tuberculosis in BCG vaccinated and unvaccinated young Swedish men. A comparative study.
Tuberculosis in BCG-vaccinated and unvaccinated young Swedish Men. A comparative study.
Erythroblastic islands and ineffective erythropoiesis in acute myeloid leukaemia.
Immunobiology of colon carcinomas.
Some aspects on the sicca syndrome.
[New understanding of immunologic control mechanisms of tumor growth].
Left ventricular wall thickness determined by ultrasound in 100 subjects without heart disease.
Studies on a sustained release principle based on an inert plastic matrix.
Importance of pharmaceutical formulation for drug absorption.
[On the question of keratoconjunctivitis sicca. 8. Survey--etiology].
[Ultrasound cardiography and its diagnostic use].
Echoencephalography. Evaluation based on records from 100 normal infants and children.
Radar technique and echoencephalography.
Experimental use of Lemna to prevent mosquito breeding in organically polluted waters.
[Nobel Prize of the year. I. Peyton Rous].
Dystonia musculorum deformans. A genetic and clinical population study of 121 cases.
Tumor specific antigens in viral neoplasms and in unrelated virus infected tumors.
Presenile-senile brain atrophic syndromes related to micro- and macroscopical analyses and to weight of the brain. A study of 400 cases.
Transplantation methods as a tool for detection of tumor-specific antigens.
Echo-ventriculography in infantile hydrocephalus. Preliminary report.
Studies of the interaction between polyoma virus and its host animals.
Effect of hypophysectomy on diabetic retinopathy.
[Closed and open wards for mental patients. Commentary on experiments with day care at a city hospital, 1958-1961].
Lamellar keratoplasty.
Corneal transplantation with punch forceps.
The anterior choroidal artery.
Keratoplasty with punch forceps.
[Geriatric hospital patients].
Fungus infection of the scalp, demonstration of case.
Case of eosinophilic granuloma.
The lacrimal secretion in newborn premature and fully developed children.
[Need for specialization within clinical psychiatry; considerations on medical care organization in mental diseases].
[Presenile and senile neuropsychiatric diseases; preliminary survey of 600 cases].
Congenital alacrimia and keratoconjunctivitis sicca in children.
Lymphogranulomatosis maligna (Sternberg's disease) with skin lesions resembling erythema multiforme as predominant symptom; report of case.
The nature of pseudoglaucoma.
[Journey to the ophthalmological congress in the antipodes].
Changes in total body sodium and potassium during prolonged administration of cortisone and desoxycorticosterone acetate.
Demonstration of patient with leucaemic skin infiltrations. Lymphadenosis cutis.
Some problems concerning keratoconjunctivitis sicca and the sicca-syndrome.
A case of toxoplasmotic chorioretinitis cured with atepe (atebrin + plasmochin).
[Some problems concerning dry keratoconjunctivitis and the syndrome of keratoconjunctivitis sicca].
Twenty-four cases of Alzheimer's disease; a clinical analysis.
[Not Available].
[Not Available].
Extranodal Marginal Zone Lymphoma of the Lung: Evolution from an Underlying Reactive Lymphoproliferative Disorder.
High Risk of Sudden Sensorineural Hearing Loss in Several Autoimmune Diseases according to a Population-Based National Sample Cohort Study.
Arthritis in primary Sjögren's syndrome: Characteristics, outcome and treatment from French multicenter retrospective study.
Fluid shear stress increases the intra-cellular storage pool of tissue-type plasminogen activator in intact human conduit vessels.
[A rare pulmonary lesion association].
[Sjögren's syndrome - case report].
[Clinical and immunological characteristics of patients with systemic lupus erythematosus in Tibet plateau, China].
Marginal and internal fit of four different types of ceramic inlays after luting. An in vitro study.
Serologic diagnosis of viral hepatitis.
Gastrointestinal motility disorders in scleroderma.
Hepatic emergencies in pregnancy.
The success of hepatitis A vaccine.
The technical evolution of document image processing.
Acute hepatitis A: an endangered species.
The expectant father and prenatal diagnosis.
Future use and development of prenatal diagnosis. Consumers' attitudes.
A vision for the future.
T cell activation by superantigens--dependence on MHC class II molecules.
Viral hepatitis--immunoprophylaxis.
[Breast feeding strategy into the 90s].
Parental attitudes to prenatal information about the sex of the fetus.
Influence on the electrocardiogram of rats by antidepressants.
Metoprolol tartrate (Lopressor-IV).
Lactate dehydrogenase isozymes in developing rat oral mucosa. A comparative study of LDH biochemistry and histochemistry.
[Results of estimating the risk of tuberculosis infection and their practical application to the formulation of public health policy in Sweden].
[First time].
Acid, neutral, and alkaline phosphatases in developing rat oral mucosa.
Treatment of congestive heart failure.
SOLU-MEDROL (methylprednisolone sodium succinate, USP).
Sexuality after stroke with hemiplegia. II. With special regard to partnership adjustment and to fulfilment.
A retrospective cohort study of mortality among stainless steel welders.
The erythropoiesis in acute lymphoblastic leukaemia. A morphologic study.
Different composition of the erythropoietic tissue in bone marrow, spleen and liver in myelofibrosis.
Examples of improving S/N by advanced signal processing. Introduction to the technical section.
Mitotic activity of the granulopoietic precursor cells in the peripheral blood in chronic myeloid leukaemia.
The effects of some anticholinergic compounds on the infused urinary bladder of unanaesthetized rabbits.
Amoeboid movement configuration and mitotic indices of lymphoid cells from children with acute lymphoblastic leukaemia.
Mitotic activity in acute promyelocytic leukaemia and leukaemoid reactions.
Erythroblastic islands and extra-medullary erythropoiesis in chronic myeloid leukaemia.
Low mitotic activity in eosinophilic leukaemia.
[Editorial: Biochemical diagnosis of hyper- and hypothyroidism].
Section meeting on immunology and immunotherapy.
Left ventricular wall thickness measured ultrasonically in patients with recent myocardial infarction.
Effects on tumor growth in vivo by manipulation of the tumor immune response.
Objective measurements of speech level.
[Modern cancer research--expected results for practical health care].
Left ventricular wall thickness in patients with circulatory overload of the left ventricle. Ultrasonic, physical, electrocardiographic and radiologic correlations.
[Pharmacy for physicians. Oral slow-release preparations--a review].
[Hemodynamics in acute heart infarct].
Left heart failure in acute myocardial infarction. A clinical, haemodynamic and therapeutic study.
Intensive care for high-risk infants provided in special newborn unit.
[To prove childrens' ability to see].
Echoencephalographic measurement of ventricular size in children.
[Therapy of thyrotoxicosis with antithyroid drugs].
[On knowledge of the keratoconjunctivitis sicca. VII. The sicca syndrome--an autoimmune disease].
[Acute pericarditis. Experiences from 90 cases].
Immunology of virus-induced tumours.
[Cancer immunology].
[Theomyl, a new synthetic asthma preparation].
Further studies on the induced resistance against isotransplantation of polyoma tumors.
Some new investigations concerning the Siccasyndrome.
[Insufficientia presenilis, neuroses of later maturity; neuropsychiatric study based on 270 patients].
[Psychiatry-neuropsychiatry; marginal notes on terminology and on cases of organic psychosyndromes].
[Medical problems of retirement age; neuropsychiatric aspects].
Oligophrenia combined with congenital ichthyosiform erythrodermia, spastic syndrome and macularretinal degeneration; a clinical and genetic study.
Neuro-psychiatric studies in presenile and senile diseases, based on a material of 1000 cases.
[An orientation on structure of the patient population in a psychiatric hospital].
Case of sensitivity to rubber.
Keratoplasty with punch forceps.
[Decreta medica de senectute critical analysis of the concepts of involution and atrophy in psychiatric-geriatric literature].
[Experts in X-rays].
[Prematurity as etiological factor in neuropsychiatric disorders. I. Prematurity and psychoinfantilism].
Experiences in localisation of brain tumours by means of diiodo131 fluorescein.
Percutaneous vertebral angiography; a review of 250 cases.
[Journalism and medicine; reply to Dr. Folke Ludin].
Congenital alacrimia and keratoconjunctivitis sicca in children.
Alzheimer's disease-Pick's disease; a clinical analysis of 72 cases.
Case of Kaposi's sarcoma treated with penicillin.
[Congenital anomalies of secretion].
Dystrophia reticularis laminae pigmentosae retinae, an earlier not described hereditary eye disease.
Hereditary congenital spinocerebellar ataxia accompanied by congenital cataract and oligophrenia; a genetic and clinical investigation.
Reflections on occupational therapy.
Keratoconjunctivitis sicca and chronic polyarthritis.
[Not Available].
[Not Available].
Mixed-etiology leg ulcers in a patient on long-term glucocorticoid therapy.
Minimally invasive ultrasound-guided parotid gland biopsy in cadavers performed by rheumatologists.
Oral health status of psychiatric patients.
Alcohol and unnatural deaths in Sweden: a medico-legal autopsy study.
Cross-sectional relationships between dietary fat intake and serum cholesterol fatty acids in a Swedish cohort of 60-year-old men and women.
Salivary transforming growth factor alpha in patients with Sjögren's syndrome and reflux laryngitis.
[Successful therapeutic management of risk pregnancy in primary Sjögren syndrome with plasmapheresis and dexamethasone].
Excess protein intake relative to fiber and cardiovascular events in elderly men with chronic kidney disease.
Studying fatty aldehyde metabolism in living cells with pyrene-labeled compounds.
Role of alcohol in unnatural deaths: a study of all deaths in Sweden.
Neuropsychological performance in cancer patients: the role of oral opioids, pain and performance status.
Tear Luminex Analysis in Dry Eye Patients.
Lipidomics in diagnosis of lipidoses.
Chronic non-cancer pain and the epidemic prescription of opioids in the Danish population: trends from 2000 to 2013.
Psychological Interventions for Poor Oral Health: A Systematic Review.
Suppression of Th1-Mediated Keratoconjunctivitis Sicca by Lifitegrast.
[Pathophysiology of primary Sjögren's syndrome].
Rheumatologic Tests: A Primer for Family Physicians.
Evaluation of the diagnostic value of immunoglobulin clonal gene rearrangements in patients with parotid gland MALT lymphoma using BIOMED-2 protocol.
Gene variance in the nicotinic receptor cluster (CHRNA5-CHRNA3-CHRNB4) predicts death from cardiopulmonary disease and cancer in smokers.
[Asbestosis and primary Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
[Congenital heart block and maternal Sjögren Syndrome].
[Involvements of the peripheral nervous system and primary Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
[Fibromyalgia and Sjögren syndrome--clinical and methodological aspects].
[Pulmonary manifestations of primary Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome. Apropos of 8 cases in a series of 35 patients].
[Sjogren syndrome: clinics and ENT diagnosis].
[Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome in 1996].
Histopathological differences between primary Sjögren's syndrome and Sjögren's syndrome accompanied by scleroderma.
Sjögren's syndrome.
[Autoimmune diseases and cancers. Part I: cancers complicating autoimmune diseases and their treatment].
Elevated intraluminal pressure inhibits vascular tissue plasminogen activator secretion and downregulates its gene expression.
[A case of aseptic meningoencephalitis in a patient with secondary Sjögren syndrome with systemic lupus erythematosus].
A variant form of late infantile neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis (CLN5) is not an allelic form of Batten (Spielmeyer-Vogt-Sjögren, CLN3) disease: exclusion of linkage to the CLN3 region of chromosome 16.
[Systemic signs of primary Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome. 48 cases].
Optic atrophy in Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome: an additional ocular feature. Report of three cases in two families.
[A case of primary pulmonary lymphoma associated with Sjögren syndrome and IgM monoclonal gammopathy confirmed by DNA rearrangement].
[Spontaneous splenic hypofunction in systemic lupus erythematosus and primary Sjögren syndrome].
Neuropathy with lysosomal changes in Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome: fine structural findings in skeletal muscle and conjunctiva.
[A case of Hashimoto's thyroiditis associated with renal tubular acidosis, Sjögren syndrome and empty sella syndrome].
[The manifestations of the nervous system in primary Sjogren syndrome].
Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome: report of one case.
[IgG autoantibodies against cellular p72 antigen crossing with (MLV) p15-gag antigen: presence in early HIV 1 infection, in HBV infection and in primary Gougerot-Sjögren].
Chronic bilateral dacryo-adenitis in identical twins: a possible incomplete form of Sjögren syndrome.
Mitochondrial myopathy in Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome.
Sensorineural hearing loss and the Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome.
[Marinesco-Sjogren syndrome with dominant inheritance--case report].
The Sjogren-Larsson syndrome in a north Indian sibship.
Annular erythema associated with primary Sjögren syndrome: analysis of T cell subsets in cutaneous infiltrates.
[A case of overlap syndrome of PSS, SLE and Sjögren syndrome treated by cyclosporin A: an improvement of sclerosis of the skin].
[A cyclic thrombocytopenia associated with Sjögren syndrome].
Sjögren-Larsson syndrome in Sweden: distribution of the gene.
[A case of Sjögren-Larsson syndrome with peripheral nerve involvement].
Circulating IgA- and IgM-rheumatoid factors in patients with primary Sjögren syndrome. Correlation to extraglandular manifestations.
[A case of nephrocalcinosis due to Sjögren syndrome associated with renal tubular acidosis].
Systemic evaluation of Sjögren-like syndrome after bone marrow transplantation in man.
[Acrosclerosis, Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome, myxedema and anti-centromere antibodies. 3 cases of this association].
Cranial CT in the Sjogren-Larsson syndrome.
[Comparative study of rheumatoid polyarthritis with and without the Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome. 54 cases].
[Sjögren-Larsson syndrome. Study of 2 cases].
[Polymyositis associated with Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
Characterization of the phenotype and function of lymphocytes infiltrating the salivary gland in patients with primary Sjogren syndrome.
Vasculitic neuropathy in rheumatoid disease and Sjögren syndrome.
Ichthyosis in the Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
Studies of the function of natural killer-interferon system in patients with Sjögren syndrome.
[Stimulation of T-lymphocytes by autologous monocytes. Decrease in the proliferative response in Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
Sjögren-Larsson syndrome in Sweden. A clinical, genetic and epidemiological study.
Cranial CT in the Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
Spectrum of Sjögren syndrome in children.
Specific changes in the fundus typical for the Sjögren-Larsson syndrome. An ophthalmological study of 35 patients.
Dermatoglyphic patterns in the Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
Experience of antioxidant treatment in neuronal ceroid-lipofuscinosis of Spielmeyer-Sjögren type.
Immunopathology of Sjögren-like disease in NZB/HZW mice.
[Muscular lesions in Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
[The Sjögren-Gougerot syndrome].
[ASSOCIATION OF A NEPHROTIC SYNDROME AND A GOUGEROT-SJOGREN SYNDROME].
[GOUGEROT-HOUWERS-SJOGREN SYNDROME].
[ANATOMOPATHOLOGIC CHANGES IN THE SUBMAXILLARY GLANDS IN THE SJOGREN SYNDROME].
Congenital ichthyosis, mental retardation and spasticity (Sjogren-Larsson syndrome).
[Contribntion to the study of Marinesco-Sjogren disease].
[Ophthalmo-rhino-stomato-xerosis (Sjogren syndrome)].
[Apropos of the Gougerot-Sjogren syndrome].
[Cocarboxylase in the treatment of the Gougerot-Howers-Sjogren syndrome].
[The Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
[Hypokalemic quadriparesis disclosing distal tubular acidosis in primary Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
Primary biliary cirrhosis complicated with Sjögren syndrome and multiple myeloma. A case report.
Association of generalized pustular psoriasis, Sjögren syndrome, and Hashimoto's thyroiditis.
Effect of alteplase on the CT hyperdense artery sign and outcome after ischemic stroke.
[Normal skin biopsy as a tool for extra-cutaneous disorders].
Small-fibre neuropathies and skin: news and perspectives for dermatologists.
Chemokine (C-X-C motif) ligand (CXCL)10 in autoimmune diseases.
The spectrum of inflammatory cell response to dimethyl sulfoxide.
Sjögren-Larsson syndrome: nuclear magnetic resonance imaging of the brain in a 4-year-old boy.
Immune complex specific for the pancreatic duct antigen in patients with idiopathic chronic pancreatitis and Sjögren syndrome.
Clinical and immunological analysis of annular erythema associated with Sjögren syndrome.
[Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome--report of two patients in a family with muscle CT study].
Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome with reduced cytochrome c oxidase in muscle.
CT and MR appearances of parotid pseudotumors in Sjögren syndrome.
Lymphocyte response to staphylococcal enterotoxin B in patients with annular erythema associated with Sjögren syndrome.
Sjögren-like pluriglandular exocrine insufficiency after drug-induced toxic epidermal necrolysis.
[Sialochemical studies in Sjögren disease].
Myopathy in Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome: an ultrastructural study.
Muscle pathology in Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome.
[Sjogren-Larsson syndrome. Description of a case].
CT evaluation of mediastinal lymph nodes in primary Sjögren syndrome.
Sjögren-Larsson syndrome. Impaired fatty alcohol oxidation in cultured fibroblasts due to deficient fatty alcohol:nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide oxidoreductase activity.
Computed tomography in Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
[Polyneuropathy disclosing primary Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome. Treatment by plasma exchange].
Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome: evidence for a lysosomal storage disorder.
Sjögren-Larsson syndrome: delta 5-and delta 6-fatty acid desaturases in skin fibroblasts.
[Torsten-Sjögren syndrome].
Sjögren syndrome and lupus erythematosus nephritis.
Cardiac involvement in juvenile ceroid lipofuscinosis of the Spielmeyer-Vogt-Sjögren type: prospective noninvasive findings in two siblings.
[Sjögren-Larsson syndrome. Clinical and laboratory study of 2 cases].
Salivary IgA in Sjögren patients.
Oral conditions in Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
Sensorimotor neuropathy in a patient with Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome.
Treatment of the ichthyosis of the Sjögren-Larsson syndrome with etretinate (Tigason).
[Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome, periarteritis nodosa, non-Hodgkin's lymphoplasmocytic lymphoma and acquired C4 deficiency].
Sjögren-Larsson syndrome: a dermato-histopathological study.
Sjögren-Larsson syndrome: physical and neurological features. A survey of 35 patients.
Urinary amino acids and organic acids in the Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
Zinc and copper concentration in serum of patients with congenital ichthyosis, spastic di- or tetraplegia and mental retardation (Sjögren-Larsson syndrome).
Pathological findings in one of two siblings with Sjögren-Larsson Syndrome.
Sjögren-Larsson syndrome in dizygous twin sisters.
Atypical ossicle joint lesions in rheumatoid arthritis with sicca syndrome (Sjögren syndrome).
Pseudo-Sjögren syndrome with hyperlipoproteinemia.
[Sjögren-Larsson syndrome].
Sjögren-Larsson syndrome in two sibs with peripheral nerve involvement and bisalbuminaemia.
Sjogren-Larsson syndrome and histidinemia: hereditary biochemical diseases with defects of speech and oral functions.
[Activity of the esterase, alkaline phosphatase and aminopeptidase in the gastric mucosa in patients with Sjogren syndrome].
[The Marinesco-Sjogren syndrome].
[Apropos of the Sjogren-Gougerot syndrome].
[The Gougerot-Sjogren syndrome. Apropos of 3 clinical cases].
[Waldenstrom's hyperglobulinic purpura and Sjogren-Gougerot syndrome. 2 new cases].
[Apropos of the Marinesco-Sjogren syndrome. Association of the triad: cataract, cerebellar syndrome and oligophrenia, with an extrapyramidal syndrome and epileptic seizures].
The Marinesco-Sjogren-Garland syndrome. A report of two cases.
[On concomitant disease of the excretory glands in Sjogren syndrome].
Oligophrenia in combination with congenital ichthyosis, spastic disorders and macular degeneration (Sjogren-Larsson syndrome).
A contribution to the study of the Sjogren syndrome.
Changes in personality pattern during the first pregnancy and lactation.
Nitric-oxide-dependent systemic immunosuppression in animals with progressively growing malignant gliomas.
Association between symptoms of xerostomia and dry eye in older people.
Autologous serum eye drops diluted with sodium hyaluronate: clinical and experimental comparative study.
Clinical and Serologic Characteristics of Systemic Lupus Erythematosus in the Arab World: A Pooled Analysis of 3,273 Patients.
Symptoms and side effects in chronic non-cancer pain patients: clinical implications and development of new assessment tools.
The influence of retinoic acid and retinoic acid derivatives on beta2 integrins and L-selectin expression in HL-60 cells in vitro.
Clinical examination of leucite-reinforced glass-ceramic crowns (Empress) in general practice: a retrospective study.
Lymphopenia in primary Sjögren's syndrome is associated with premature aging of naïve CD4+ T cells.
Prevalence and clinical presentation of lymphoproliferative disorder in patients with primary Sjögren's syndrome.
Comparison of autologous serum and umbilical cord serum eye drops for dry eye syndrome.
Highlights from the 22nd International Ocular Surface Society meeting.
HIGH PREVALENCE OF HYPOTHYROIDISM IN SYSTEMIC LUPUS ERYTHEMATOSUS PATIENTS WITHOUT AN INCREASE IN CIRCULATING ANTI-THYROID ANTIBODIES.
Comparison of mucin levels at the ocular surface of postmenopausal women with and without a history of dry eye.
Renal function and symptoms/adverse effects in opioid-treated patients with cancer.
Disseminated cryptococcosis with granuloma formation in idiopathic CD4 lymphocytopenia.
Impaired neuropsychological performance in chronic nonmalignant pain patients receiving long-term oral opioid therapy.
Full-mouth rehabilitation of an elderly patient with Sjogren's syndrome by using implant-supported fixed dental prostheses including CAD/CAM frameworks.
Evaluation of medial olivocochlear efferent system and hearing loss in patients with
primary Sjögren’s syndrome
Salivary Gland Diseases.
Polyneuropathy and the sural/radial sensory nerve action potential ratio in primary Sjögren's syndrome.
Associations of Anti-Aquaporin 5 Autoantibodies with Serologic and Histopathological Features of Sjögren's Syndrome.
Prevalence of immune-related systemic adverse events in patients treated with anti-Programmed cell Death 1/anti-Programmed cell Death-Ligand 1 agents: A single-centre pharmacovigilance database analysis.
Dental implants in patients with oral mucosal alterations: An update.
Rheumatological Findings in Patients with Breast Cancer.
PARP9 enhances infiltration of mononuclear cells in pSS through IFIT1-mediated upregulation of CXCL10.
BXSB/MpJ-Yaa mice develop autoimmune dacryoadenitis with the appearance of inflammatory cell marker messenger RNAs in the lacrimal fluid.
Utility of osteosclerotic lesion biopsy in diagnosis of POEMS syndrome: A case report.
Disproportional skeletal growth and markedly decreased bone mineral content in growth hormone receptor -/- mice.
[Manifestations of the connective tissue associated interstitial lung disease under high resolution computed tomography].
Bilateral facial paralysis as a rare neurological manifestation of primary Sjögren's syndrome: case-based review.
[Sjögren's syndrome: clinical and therapeutic features. A review of the literature].
Ocular Pharmacological Profile of Hydrocortisone in Dry Eye Disease.
Alterations of tear neuromediators in dry eye disease.
Plasma α-L-fucosidase-1 in patients with Sjögren's syndrome and other rheumatic disorders.
Cochlear involvement in patients with systemic autoimmune rheumatic diseases: a clinical and laboratory comparative study.
Ultrasonographic salivary gland evaluation in systemic sclerosis: is sicca syndrome secondary to an authentic overlap syndrome or another specific fibrotic manifestation of the disease?
Hyaluronic Acid as an Alternative to Autologous Human Serum Eye Drops: Initial Clinical Results with High-Molecular-Weight Hyaluronic Acid Eye Drops.
Psychological status and disease activity were major predictors of body image disturbances in patients with Sjögren's syndrome.
Th17 Cells and the IL-23/IL-17 Axis in the Pathogenesis of Periodontitis and Immune-Mediated Inflammatory Diseases.
Video clip assessment of a salivary gland ultrasound scoring system in Sjögren's syndrome using consensual definitions: an OMERACT ultrasound working group reliability exercise.
Fusion of the EWS-related gene TAF2N to TEC in extraskeletal myxoid chondrosarcoma.
Evaluation of the Efficacy and Safety of A Novel 0.05% Cyclosporin A Topical Nanoemulsion in Primary Sjögren's Syndrome Dry Eye.
Regulation of soluble interleukin-6 (IL-6) receptor release from corneal epithelial cells and its role in the ocular surface.
A miniaturized in vitro release method for investigating drug-release mechanisms.
Neuromyelitis optic with positive Anti-AQP4 and Anti-SSA/Ro antibody.
The role of exosome in autoimmune connective tissue disease.
Reappraisal of aluminosis and dementia.
Oral glycopyrrolate alleviates drooling in a patient with tongue cancer.
Second International Copenhagen Pain Symposium: aspects of chronic pain.
[The importance of microRNAs in the development of systemic autoimmune disorders].
Laboratory Investigations for Diagnosis of Autoimmune and Inflammatory Periocular Disease: Part II.
Influence of total glucosides of paeony on PD-1/PD-L1 expression in primary Sjögren's syndrome.
Endoscopic treatment of salivary glands affected by autoimmune diseases.
Correlation between Tear Osmolarity and Other Ocular Surface Parameters in Primary Sjögren's Syndrome.
Sjogren's Syndrome: Clinical Benefits of Low-dose Naltrexone Therapy.
Dry eye disease and uveitis: A closer look at immune mechanisms in animal models of two ocular autoimmune diseases.
Erythema gyratum repens-like eruption in a patient with Sjögren syndrome.
[Pulmonary infiltrations in Sjögren syndrome--a radiodiagnostic study].
Methods for the determination of effective monitor chamber thickness.
HERV-F, a new group of human endogenous retrovirus sequences.
Cutaneous vasculitis in systemic lupus erythematosus patients: potential key players and implications.
Biomarkers in Autoimmune Salivary Gland Disorders: A Review.
Amyloid tumor of the breast.
An interdomain bridge influences RNA binding of the human La protein.
Anti-class a scavenger receptor autoantibodies from systemic lupus erythematosus patients impair phagocytic clearance of apoptotic cells by macrophages in vitro.
Development of the ClinESSDAI: a clinical score without biological domain. A tool for biological studies.
Etiological involvement of CFTR in apparently unrelated human diseases.
Evaluation of postural tachycardia syndrome (POTS).
Intraepidermal nerve fiber densities in chronic inflammatory autoimmune diseases.
Use of botulinum toxin in Frey's syndrome.
Guidelines for biomarkers in autoimmune rheumatic diseases - evidence based analysis.
[Overlap of Sjögren-lupus erythematosus syndrome].
Glomerulonephritis leading to end stage renal disease in a patient with primary Sjögren syndrome.
Acute and Chronic Tubulointerstitial Nephritis of Rheumatic Causes.
Primary Sjögren's syndrome is associated with significant cognitive dysfunction.
Serum selenium in relation to measures of glucose metabolism and incidence of Type 2 diabetes in an older Swedish population.
Scleritis, keratitis, and orbital cellulitis: isolated ocular manifestation of systemic lupus erythematosus.
Autoantibodies from Sjögren's syndrome induce activation of both the intrinsic and extrinsic apoptotic pathways in human salivary gland cell line A-253.
Acetone has anti-inflammatory effects on experimental contact reactions.
[Immunopathology of Sjögren syndrome].
A Case of Idiopathic Retroperitoneal Fibrosis Associated With Sjögren's Syndrome.
Granulomatous dermatitis as a postherpetic isotopic response in immunocompromised patients: A report of 5 cases.
Salivary Gland Pathology in Sjögren's Syndrome.
Gutta-percha-stimulated mouse macrophages release factors that activate the bone resorptive system of mouse calvarial bone.
[Clinical features of patients with primary Sjögren's syndrome complicated with venous thrombosis].
Sialendoscopy for non-stone disorders: The current evidence.
Ventilatory responses to acute and sustained hypoxia during sevoflurane anesthesia in women.
[Primary Gougerot-Sjogren syndrome. Spontaneous one-year course of clinical, biological and histological signs].
Ocular surface disease incidence in patients with open-angle glaucoma.
Investigation of prandial effects on hydrophilic matrix tablets.
Retention rates and benefits of Painless Punctal Plug F(TM) in dry eye patients.
IL-2 Inhibition of Th17 Generation Rather Than Induction of Treg Cells Is Impaired in Primary Sjögren's Syndrome Patients.
Elucidating the environmental risk factors for rheumatic diseases: An umbrella review of meta-analyses.
Prevalence of inflammatory back pain and radiologic sacroiliitis is increased in patients with primary Sjögren's syndrome.
Liver-derived insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) is the principal source of IGF-I in blood but is not required for postnatal body growth in mice.
Cancer Risk in Patients With Inflammatory Systemic Autoimmune Rheumatic Diseases: A Nationwide Population-Based Dynamic Cohort Study in Taiwan.
Evaluation of the transforming growth factor-beta activity in normal and dry eye human tears by CCL-185 cell bioassay.
Pruritus in Autoimmune Connective Tissue Diseases.
A woman with red eyes and hypokalemia: a case of acquired Gitelman syndrome.
Psychometric evaluation of ADAS-Cog and NTB for measuring drug response.
Inherited ichthyosis: Syndromic forms.
Case report: renal involvement in primary Sjögren syndrome--a rare cause of renal pseudotumour.
[Sjögren syndrome and hepatitis C].
Primary systemic Sjögren syndrome (SS) preceding systemic lupus erythematosus: a retrospective study of 4 cases in a cohort of 55 SS patients.
[A case of non-cirrhotic portal hypertension complicated with Sjögren syndrome and thrombocytosis].
[Lymphomas of the ocular adnexa in Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome. Apropos of 4 cases].
[The current status in diagnosis of Sjögren syndrome with reference to the practical value of examination methods].
[Sjögren disease].
[A case of Sjogren syndrome with renal tubular acidosis, osteomalacia and pseudo-bone fracture].
[Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome: the viruses in the box of the accused].
[Osteomalacia of renal origin disclosing Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
[Hepatitis C virus and Sjögren syndrome].
[A case from practice (281). Sjögren syndrome. Monoclonal gammopathy, IgA-Type K].
Nervous system involvement in systemic lupus erythematosus, Sjögren syndrome and scleroderma.
Rapid cataract formation in Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome.
[Primary Sjogren syndrome with involvement of the nervous system. Description of 4 cases].
[Possible involvement of a recently discovered human retrovirus in idiopathic immunologic disorders, including Sjögren syndrome (autoimmune exocrinopathy)].
[Thymoma and primary Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome progressing to severe bronchiolitis].
[3 cases of rare peripheral neuropathies associated with primary Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
[A 60-year-old woman with Sjögren syndrome and persistent abdominal pain].
Evidence of human herpesvirus 6 in Sjögren syndrome and sarcoidosis.
[Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome associated with dysthyroidism. Development of histological lesions in the salivary glands following treatment for dysthyroidism].
[Dental aspects of complex treatment of rheumatic patients with Sjögren symptoms].
The Tinu syndrome or the Sjögren syndrome?
[Palindromic rheumatism and Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
[Serum beta 2-microglobulin and HLA alloantigens in primary Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome. A possible relation with HLA-DR3 specificity].
[Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome following minimal glomerular involvement].
[Acute mastitis in rheumatoid polyarthritis with Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome treated with tiopronin (Acadione)].
[Detection of anti-Ro(SS-A) by using immunoimprint. Comparison with double diffusion in agar. Apropos of a series of 63 primary Gougerot-Sjögren syndromes].
[Malignant B-cell lymphoma in a patient with primary Sjögren syndrome].
[Central and peripheral neurologic lesions in primary Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome. Clinicopathological study of a case].
[Salazosulfapyridine-induced eosinophilic pneumonia with pulmonary and cutaneous epithelioid cell granulomatosis in Sjögren syndrome].
[Hypokalemic quadriplegia disclosing Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
[Course and prognosis of primary Gougerot Sjögren syndrome].
[Interstitial fibrosing pneumonia preceding Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
Primary Sjögren syndrome and pleural effusion.
[Association of thrombocytopenic purpura, Hashimoto's thyroiditis and Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
Poikiloderma atrophicans vasculare in patient with Sjögren syndrome.
[Long-term study of patients with severe forms of Sjögren syndrome and/or myoepithelial sialadenitis].
[A case of primary Sjögren syndrome associated with neurogenic bladder].
[Chronic lymphocytic sialadenitis related to the Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome disclosing an HIV positive serology].
Hypokalemic periodic paralysis due to the Sjögren syndrome in Chinese patients.
[The association of lichen planus and primary Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
Mitochondrial myopathy in six patients with Marinesco-Sjøgren syndrome.
[Chronic lymphocyte sialadenitis related to Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome disclosing HIV seropositivity. A case].
[The effect of vitamin A therapy on the immune function and lipid peroxidation in patients with Sjögren syndrome].
[A case of bulbar palsy associated with Sjögren syndrome].
[Lymphoma of the parotid gland in Sjögren syndrome].
[Anticentromere antibodies in rheumatoid polyarthritis with Sjögren syndrome, without the elements of the CREST syndrome].
[Renal involvement in Sjögren syndrome].
[2 familial cases of Sjögren syndrome associated with cryoglobulinemia and glomerulonephritis].
[Pathology of the labial salivary gland in the syndrome caused by adulterated toxic oil in Spain: a form of secondary Sjögren syndrome].
[Chronic interstitial pneumonia and Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome in a 53-year-old woman].
[Gastrointestinal involvement in Sjögren syndrome].
[Idiopathic retroperitoneal fibrosis and Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
[Diagnostic procedure in suspected Sjögren syndrome].
[Laser nephelometry in the detection of immunoglobulins in parotid saliva from patients with Sjögren syndrome].
[Nursing of a patient with Sjögren syndrome treated by traditional Chinese medicine].
[B cell malignancy associated with Sjögren syndrome and primary biliary cirrhosis: a case report and review].
[Hashimoto's thyroiditis, Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome and acute liver failure].
[Unilateral sensory neuropathy of the trigeminal nerve as the leading symptom of primary Sjögren syndrome ("sicca syndrome")].
[Changes in the respiratory function in Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
[Postactinic dental complications: radiotherapy involvement in Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
[Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome. Revision of a problem...].
Sjogren-Larsson syndrome.
[Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome. A clinical and therapeutic study in a group of patients].
[Sjögren syndrome in childhood].
[Relations between morphologic changes in the conjunctiva and changes in the composition of tear glycoproteins in Sjögren syndrome].
[Urticarial vasculitis associated with apparently primary Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
Relation between schizophrenic-like psychosis and Sjogren syndrome (SS).
Lipid composition and viscosity of parotid saliva in Sjögren syndrome in man.
Hyperglobulinemic purpura, chronic sialoadenitis and the Sjögren syndrome.
[Analysis and identification of rheumatoid factors in tears in Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
Induction of neonatal renal tubular dysfunction by transplacentally acquired IgG from a mother with Sjögren syndrome.
[Ocular features and diagnosis of Sjögren syndrome].
[Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome and monoclonal immunoglobulin].
[Sjögren syndrome. Analysis of 43 patients].
Pulmonary polymorphic centroblastic type malignant lymphoma in a patient with lymphomatoid granulomatosis, Sjögren syndrome and other manifestations of a dysimmune state.
[Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome with autoimmune thrombopenia treated with cortisone shocks].
[Dermatopolymyositis and pulmonary fibrosis associated with Gougerot-Sjogren syndrome. Study of 3 cases].
The Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome: polygraphic study of nocturnal sleep.
[Diagnosis of the Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome in rheumatology. II--Test strategy].
[Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome. Apropos of 13 cases].
[Godwin's tumor and Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome. Apropos of 2 cases].
Distribution of intermediate filaments and actin microfilaments in parotid autoimmune sialoadenitis of Sjögren syndrome.
[Cyclophosphamide treatment of parotid swelling in Sjögren syndrome].
[Association of Vogt-Koyanagi disease, Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome and erythema nodosum].
[Sjögren syndrome associated with eosinophilic fasciitis].
[Clinico-biologic differences between the primary Sjögren syndrome and the one associated with other diseases. Retrospective study of 30 cases].
[Primary biliary cirrhosis, chronic pancreatitis and Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome (apropos of a case)].
[Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome and polymyositis].
[Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome with systemic manifestations: myopathy, cutaneous vasculitis, thyroiditis and tissue deposits of IgA].
[Sjögren syndrome and systemic lupus erythematosus. Apropos of a case].
[Some specific antibodies in experimental Sjögren-like disease in rat].
[Association of Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome and C.R.S.T. syndrome with intra-articular calcifications and unusual osteolytic lesions].
[The Sjögren syndrome. A contribution to the differential diagnosis of chronic abacterial interstitial nephritis].
[Present status of primary Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
Anti-golgi complex autoantibodies in a patient with Sjögren syndrome and lymphoma.
[Rings of white dots in the fundus oculi in patients with Sjögren-Larsson syndrome].
[Soluble SS-A, SS-B and RNP antinuclear antigen antibodies in 66 cases of pure or associated forms of Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
[Presence of the rheumatoid factor in the saliva of patients with Sjögren syndrome].
[Recent data on Gougerot-Sjögren syndromes].
[Digital necrosis disclosing Reynolds' syndrome (primary biliary cirrhosis and scleroderma) with Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
[Thomsen's disease, Sjögren syndrome and other Scandinavian contributions to medical terminology].
[Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome, primary biliary cirrhosis and monoclonal gammopathy].
Classification and differential diagnosis of sialographic characteristics in Sjögren syndrome.
[Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome associated with peripheral nerve involvement--report of three cases in a family (author's transl)].
[Thibierge-Weissenbach syndrome associated with Sjögren syndrome. Radiological and clinical features (author's transl)].
[3 cases of the Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome].
[Pseudolymphoma and lymphoproliferative syndromes in Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome (author's transl)].
Internal medicine-epitomes of progress: diagnosis of sjögren syndrome.
[Sjögren-Larsson syndrome].
Juvenile type of generalized ceroid-lipofuscinosis (Spielmeyer-Sjögren syndrome1 II. Biopsy findings.
[The Sjögren-Larsson syndrome].
Two cases of Marinesco-Sjogren syndrome.
[Sjögren-Larsson syndrome].
Scleroderma, Sjögren-like syndrome, and chronic graft-versus-host disease.
[Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome induced by D-penicillamine. Apropos of a case].
Sjogren-Larsson syndrome (dizygotic twins).
[3 cases of Sjogren-Larsson syndrome in the same family].
[Differential diagnosis betwen Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome and sialadenosis using quantitative scintigraphy of the salivary glands].
[Pathogenic considerations in an association of systemic sclerodermia, Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome and active chronic hepatitis].
Sjogren Larsson Syndrome (Two case reports).
[Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome].
[Sjögren-Larsson syndrome].
[Experimental study of Gougerot-Sjögren disease in mice. Initial results].
[Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome, pseudo-hodgkinian adenopathy and Waldenström disease during rheumatoid polyarthritis].
[Sjögren-Larsson syndrome with Stardgardt's juvenile macular degeneration].
[Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome and Hasimoto's thyroiditis].
[Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome in patients with sarcoidosis].
[Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
Editorial: The Sjögren enigma. "Fearfully and wonderfully".
[Recurrent parotitis. Probable Gougerot-Sjogren syndrome].
[Reynold's syndrome associating primary biliary cirrhosis, telangiectasia scleroderma, and in one case, hemolytic anemia and Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome. Report of 2 patients].
[Cryoglobulins, macroglobulins and the Gougerot-Sjogren syndrome. Treatment with chlorambucil and cyclophosphamide].
[Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome].
[Sjögren-Larsson syndrome: lamellar ichthyosis, mental retardation and spasticity (author's transl)].
[Peripheral neurogenic amyotrophy in the Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome].
Sjögren-Larsson syndrome with epiphyseal-metaphyseal dysplasia.
[Respiratory manifestations of Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
[Scleroderma and Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome. Effect of methotrexate therapy].
[Marinesco-Sjogren syndrome (personal observation and chromosome study of a case)].
[A case of Sjögren-Larson syndrome with idiopathic scoliosis].
Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome. Report of an autopsy.
Hereditary cerebellar ataxia associated with congenital cataracts. 4 cases of the Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome with some unusual features.
[Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome and lupus erythematosus disseminatus. A case with distal tubular acidosis, hyposthenuria and papillary calcifications].
Marinesco-Sjögren-Garland syndrome with unusual features.
[Sjögren-Larsson syndrome in an infant].
Sjögren-Larsson syndrome. Diversity of cutaneous manifestations.
[Sjögren-Larsson syndrome. Description of a case and review of literature].
[Treatment of Goujerot-Sjogren syndrome].
[Endocrine and metabolic disorders in a patient with Marinescu-Sjögren syndrome].
[The Sjogren-Larsson-Pardo Castello-Faz syndrome].
[Sjögren syndrome--clinical, serological and biochemical findings].
[Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome associated with hemorrhagic vasculitis and basalioma].
Sjögren-Larsson syndrome in a Turkish family.
[Original therapeutic endeavor for the Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
[Psychosis in a patient with Predtechenskiĭ-Sjögren syndrome].
[Marinescu-Sjögren-Garland syndrome (with reference to 2 familial cases)].
[Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome].
[Waldenstrom's hyperglobulinemic purpura and Gougerot-Sjogren syndrome].
Marinesco-Sjogren syndrome with myopathy.
[Eye manifestation as the first step to positive diagnosis--2 cases: Sjögren syndrome and toxoplasmosis].
[Case of Sjögren syndrome in an aged man].
[Benign lympho-epithelial lesion of the parotid gland (autoimmune sialoadenopathy of the Sjögren type). II].
The Marinesco-Sjogren syndrome. Hereditary cerebello-lental degeneration with mental retardation.
[Gougerot-Sjögren syndromes].
Four cases of Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
A clinical report of what was considered as the Sjôgren syndrome.
Sjögren-Larson syndrome.
[Disorders of amino acids metabolism in Marinesco-Sjögren syndrom].
[Nephrogenic diabetes insipidus and Gougerot-Sjogren syndrome].
[Considerations on the Gougerot-Hower-Sjögren syndrome; apropos of a clinical case].
[Sjögren-Larsson syndrome (contribution of 2 cases with familial features].
[Sjögren-Larsen syndrome].
[The Gougerot-Houwers-Sjögren syndrome with an unusual course].
[A familial strain of 11 cases of the Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome].
Gougerot-Sjogren syndrome treated with parotid duct transplantation.
[Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome associated with a lichenoid parapsoriasis type dermatosis].
[Neuro-ocular symptomes in the Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome].
[The Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome. Preliminary anatomical verification].
Sjögren-larsson syndrome. Congenital ichthyosis, spastic paralysis, and oligophrenia.
[Marinesco-Sjogren syndrome. 1st anatomo-clinical study].
[On the Marinesco-Sjogren syndrome. (Observations on 2 familial cases)].
[MARINESCO-SJOGREN DISEASE].
The pathology of Mikulicz-Sjogren disease in relation to disseminated lupus erythematosus. A review of the autopsy findings and presentation of a case.
[Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
[A case of the Gougerot-Houwer-Sjögren syndrome].
[Serum protein studies in scleroderma and Sjögren syndrome].
[A specificity of experimental morphological changes of the salivary glands in various avitaminoses; their importance in the pathogenetic interpretation of the Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
[Sjögren syndrome].
[Steroid excretion in Sjögren syndrome].
[Parenchymal appearance in sialography and its coordination with the Sjögren syndrome].
[The treatment of Sjögren syndrome with transplantation of calves' hypophyses].
[Stomatological symptoms in Gougerot-Sjögren disease].
[The Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
[Three cases of Gougerot-Sjogren disease; three different onsets].
[A case of Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
[Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
[Gougerot-Sjogren syndrome; local effect of cortisone on eye lesions].
[Acquired hemolytic anemia in adult with atrophic cirrhosis, complex nervous syndrome and Gougerot-Sjogren syndrome].
[Sjögren syndrome].
[Gougerot-Sjogren syndrome].
[Hemolytic anemia in an adult with atrophic cirrhosis, a complex nervous syndrome and Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
[Case of Sjögren syndrome, with all manifestations, treated by the Levin-Wassen method].
[The Sjögren and Plummer-Vinson syndrome and its role in etiology of cancer].
[Sjögren syndrome].
[The Thorn tests, the sodium salicylate test and the Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
[Sjögren syndrome].
Congenital deaf-mutism in a family sith dystrophia reticularis laminae pigmentosae retinae (Sjögren).
Ceruloplasmin and atrial fibrillation: evidence of causality from a population-based Mendelian randomization study.
[Association of Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome and viral hepatitis C. Apropos of 6 cases].
Spielmeyer-Vogt (Batten, Spielmeyer-Sjögren) disease. Distinctive patterns of cerebral glucose utilization.
[A case of Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome associated with diffuse interstitial calcinosis and Jaccoud's arthropathy].
[Multiple and recurrent paralysis of cranial nerves: primary Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
[Sjögren disease].
[Pulmonary involvement in primary Sjogren syndrome].
[Sjögren syndrome].
[Magnetic resonance applied to the diagnosis of Sjogren disease].
Non-Sjögren dry eye: pathogenesis diagnosis and animal models.
[Histopathologic lesions of the accessory salivary glands in Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome: re-evaluation of the diagnostic criteria of Chisholm and Mason and of Chometter et al].
[Silicosis and primary Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
[Isolated neuropathy of the trigeminal nerve as the first manifestation of primary Sjogren syndrome].
Sjogren larsson syndrome.
Behçet's disease and Sjögren syndrome in a patient with HTLV-I-associated myelopathy.
[Do virus infections play an etiological role in Sjögren syndrome?].
[Current clinico-immunologic aspects of Sjögren syndrome].
[Chronic hepatitis C and Gougerot-Sjogren syndrome. Apropos of a case].
[Autoimmune hemolytic anemia disclosing primary Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
[Serologic activity against retrovirus in patients with Sjögren syndrome].
[Acute polyarthritis, pulmonary fibrosis and Raynaud's phenomenon disclosing polymyositis with anti-JO-1 antibody associated with Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
[Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome. Central neurological involvement with recurrent development].
Serum viscosity is a sensitive test for monitoring primary Sjögren syndrome.
[Primary pulmonary nodular amyloidosis and multiple emphysematous bullae in Sjögren syndrome].
Comment on Banning, Sjögren and Henriksen, PAIN, 47 (1991) 129-134.
Morbus Sjögren, more than a dry syndrome.
[Peripheral facial paralysis in primary Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
[Dementia disclosing primary Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
[Management of Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
Malignant hyperthermia and Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome.
[Primary Sjögren syndrome and IgA deficiency].
[Associations between the renal tubular acidosis of primary Sjogren syndrome and the infection of Epstein-Barr virus: a preliminary study].
[A case from practice (207). 1. Autoimmune hemolytic anemia with heat antibodies. 2. Sicca syndrome (primary Sjögren syndrome) with filiform keratitis].
[Prevalence of secondary Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome in Northern Africa].
[The Marinescu-Sjögren syndrome].
[Immuno-diagnostic findings in "secondary" Sjögren syndrome in chronic polyarthritis].
Cerebral cortex and brainstem involvement in Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome.
[The effect of bakumondo-to on salivary secretion in Sjögren syndrome].
[Lupus erythematosus. 4. Investigation of the oral cavity: a) The antibody picture in studies of oral lesions, b) Immunopathology, c) S.L.E. and Sjogren syndrome; d) L.E. and collagen disease, e) The importance of oral lesions in L.E].
Batten disease (Spielmeyer-Sjøgren disease) and haptoglobins (HP): indication of linkage and assignment to chr. 16.
[Osteomalacia revealing Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
[Sjogren syndrome with symptoms of polymyositis. Investigation of a case and its treatment].
[Acute flaccid quadriplegia disclosing Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome with renal tubular acidosis, nephrocalcinosis and osteomalacia].
[Acquired C1 esterase inhibitor deficiency, Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome and B lymphoma].
[The association of nephrogenic diabetes insipidus and Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome: apropos of a case].
[Scleroderma, Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome and myelomonocytic leukemia].
Magnetic resonance scanning in the Sjögren syndrome.
[Differences in the clinical feature of Sjögren syndrome in the presence and absence of rheumatoid arthritis].
[You make the diagnosis. Neurocutaneous dysplasia: Sjögren-Larsson syndrome].
[Non-Hodgkin's malignant T-cell lymphoma in Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
[Chronic gastritis and duodenitis in primary Sjögren syndrome].
[A case of insulin resistant diabetes mellitus due to insulin-receptor autoantibodies with Sjögren syndrome].
[Primary Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome. Favourable effect of a fundamental treatment with hydroxychloroquine on biological anomalies].
Sjögren syndrome and pseudolymphoma.
[Oral manifestations associated with Sjogren syndrome--clinic, diagnosis and treatment].
[Autoimmune thyroid diseases and Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
[Macular anetoderma and primary Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
[Sensory neuropathy and primary Sjögren syndrome].
T-lymphocyte alveolitis, tropical spastic paresis, and Sjögren syndrome.
[Polyarthritis in Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome or sarcoidosis?].
[Horton's disease and Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome: fortuitous or rare association?].
[Re-keratoplasty in a case of Sjögren syndrome].
[A case of primary sclerosing cholangitis associated with chronic pancreatitis and Sjogren syndrome].
[Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
[Basedow's disease and Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
[New concepts of Sjögren syndrome].
[Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome and IgM monoclonal gammopathy].
[Digestive immunoblastic lymphoma in Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
[Is the target of anti-cardiolipin antibodies the same in Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome and lupus erythematosus disseminatus?].
[Relation between Sjögren syndrome and malignant lymphoma].
[Primary Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome with necrotizing polymyositis: favorable effect of hydroxychloroquine].
[Renal insufficiency as a manifestation of lymphoma with acquired hypocomplementemia and Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome. Apropos of a case].
[Diagnosis of Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
Sjögren-like syndrome in kappa chain deficiency.
[A patient with asymptomatic primary biliary cirrhosis in association with Sjögren syndrome developing features of systemic lupus erythematosus].
[Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome and Waldenström's disease with pulmonary involvement and hypercalcemia].
[Primary Sjögren syndrome].
[The Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
The Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome described a quarter of a century before Marinesco.
[Muscle involvement in patients with Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome: with reference to clinical manifestations of adult patients].
[A case of Barrett esophagus associated with Sjögren syndrome and primary biliary cirrhosis].
[Immunological aspects of various oral diseases. III. Aphthous stomatitis, pemphigus, benign mucomembranous pemphigoid, DLE, lichen planus, desquamative gingivitis, inflammatory intestinal disease with oral manifestations, Sjögren syndrome].
[Rheumatoid polyarthritis, Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome and chronic myeloid leukemia. Apropos of 2 cases].
[Clinical and immunological aspects in Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
[Gougerot-Sjogren syndrome associated with a yersiniosis].
[Physiopathology of Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome, a difficult reconstruction...].
Effect of bromhexine, ambroxol, and placebo on clinical and histopathological changes in "Sjögren" mice.
[Ultrastructural study of the lacrimal gland in Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
[Recurrent multiple paralysis of cranial nerves. Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
[Association of autoimmune dementia, Basedow's disease, and Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
[Primary Sjögren syndrome--report of 36 cases].
[An anti-T3 autoantibody in a case of chronic thyroiditis associated with Sjögren syndrome and systemic lupus erythematosus].
[Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome and monoclonal immunoglobulin].
[Bromhexine in symptomatic treatment of Sjögren syndrome].
The Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
[Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome. Functional study of the salivary glands by scintigraphy].
[Sialography (the fourth report)--Sjögren syndrome and Mikulicz disease].
[New aspects of the Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
[Sjogren syndrome complicated by periodic paralysis: a report of 5 cases].
[Sjögren-Larsson Syndrome].
[A case of neuronal ceroid-lipofuscinosis (Spielmeyer-Sjögren type)--on the electronmicroscopic findings of the inclusion bodies].
[Association of CRST syndrome, Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome, thyroid hyperplasia and chronic persistent hepatitis].
[Sjogren-Larsson syndrome. Contribution to an early diagnosis].
[Chronic obstructive bronchopneumopathies as manifestations of a Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome. Apropos of 2 cases].
[Hypothyroidism and the Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
Prenatal diagnosis of Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
[Salivary lysozyme, immunoglobulins and beta 2-microglobulin in Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
[Case of Sjögren syndrome associated with idiopathic monoclonal IgA rheumatoid factor and pyroglobulinemia].
[Sjögren syndrome and cardiomyopathy].
Studies of the skin in Sjögren-Larsson syndrome by electron microscopy.
Sjogren-Larsson syndrome.
[Sjögren-Larsson syndrome].
[Quantitative study using monoclonal antibodies of regulatory lymphocyte subpopulations in the course of the Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
[Hypergammaglobulinemia and monoclonal gammopathy in Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome. Three case-reports. [author's transl)].
[Sporadic appearance of the Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome].
[Primary Sjögren syndrome. New concepts in the classification of the disease].
[Conjunctival biopsy: a simple approach to the diagnosis of Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
[Systemic scleroderma : salivary immunoglobulins and the Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
[Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
Hypertrophic neuropathy in Sjögren;s syndrome.
Sjögren-Larsson syndrome: microscopic and scanning electron microscopic findings in replicas of the skin.
Sjögren,'s syndrome and benign hyperglobulinemic purpura of Waldenstrom.
[Autoimmune thrombopenia in sclerodermia associated with Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
[The nephropathy associated with Sjögren syndrome. Clinical and histological study of 13 cases].
[Evidence of a new soluble nuclear antigen in mixed connective tissue disease with dysimmune lymphadenopathy and Sjögren syndrome without anti-ribonucleoprotein antibodies (RNP)].
[Association of Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome, Gougerot's triple symptoms, and cryoglobulinemia].
[The Gougerot-Sjogren syndrome. Consequences on the oral level and therapeutic attitudes of the general practitioner].
[Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome, angioimmunoblastic lymphadenopathy and later immunoblastic sarcoma].
[Thrombopenic purpura and Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome in a woman patient treated by quinidine and beta-blockaders].
[Sjögren-Larsson syndrome].
[A case of Sjögren syndrome with a chief complaint of bleeding (author's transl)].
[Association of angioimmunoblastic lymphadenopathy and Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
[Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome associated with dysimmune adenopathy and mixed cryoglobulinemia].
Juvenile type of generalized ceroid-lipofuscinosis (Spielmeyer-Sjögren syndrome) I. Clinical findings.
[Angioimmunoblastic lymphadenopathy (AIL) rich in epithelioid cells presenting a Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome. Nosological relationship between Sjörgen "pseudolymphomas" and AIL (a case with a fatal course)].
Sjögren-type syndrome after allogeneic bone-marrow transplantation.
[Studies on insulin-receptor--with reference to the glucose intolerance of Sjögren syndrome (author's transl)].
[Systematic screening of the Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome in rheumatoid arthritis. Contribution of biopsy of the accessory salivary glands and salivary scintigraphy].
[Immunological observation of Sjögren syndrome (author's transl)].
[Determination of salivary immunoglobulins. Its value in the diagnosis of Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
[Rheumatoid polyarthritis with Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome and anti-ribonucleoprotein antibodies].
The Sjögren-Larsson syndrome. A case report.
Sjogren-Larson syndrome--a case report.
[Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome].
[Case of Sjögren-Larsson syndrome in an infant with univentricular heart].
[Association of systemic scleroderma, hepatopathy and Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome. 2 cases: coincidence of pathogenic relationship?].
[Isolated tubulo-interstitial renal involvement during Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome associated with systemic lupus erythematosus].
[Corneal pathology in rheumatoid arthritis and Sjögren-syndrome with special reference to "rheumatoid keratomalacia" (author's transl)].
Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome and sarcoidosis.
Possible linkage between the Marinesco-Sjøgren syndrome and hypergonadotropic hypogonadism.
Possible linkage between the Marinesco-Sjøgren syndrome and hypergonadotropic hypogonadism.
[Parotidectomy in Sjogren-Houwers-Gougerot syndrome].
[The role of sialochemical studies in the diagnosis of Sjögren syndrome].
[A case of hyperthryroidism associated with Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
[Proceedings: Encephalopathy with ichthyosis and neurologic symptoms: Sjögren-Larssen syndrome?].
Neuropathological correlation in Sjögren-Larsson syndrome. Oligophrenia, ichthyosis and spasticity.
Benign lymphoepithelial sialoadenopathies. The Mikulicz/Sjögren controversy.
[Myopathy of Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome. Report of a case (author's transl)].
[The Sjögren Larsson syndrome].
Sjögren-Larsson syndrome. Oligophrenia--ichthyosis--di-tetraplegia.
[Contribution to the Sjögren-Larsson syndrome (author's transl)].
Corneal perforations in Sjögren syndrome.
[Sjögren-Larsson syndrome].
[A case of association between scleroderma, Sjögren syndrome and primary biliary cirrhosis (author's transl)].
Sjögren-Larsson syndrome. Report of two cases in twins.
[Coexistence of Sjogren-Larsson syndrome and Rud's syndrome in the same family].
Amino acid abnormality in Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
[Sjögren-Larsson syndrome].
[The Marinesco-Sjogren syndrome].
The Sjögren-Larsson syndrome. A case report.
[Determination of immunoglobulins in parotid saliva. Importance in the early diagnosis of the Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
[Alacrimia ("pseudo-Sjögren") in anidrosis hypotrichotica].
[Sjögren Larsson syndrome].
[Bullous ichthyosiform congenital erythroderma. Discussion of the Sjögren-Larsson syndrome].
[Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome and glomerulonephritis].
[Restructuration of the Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
[Respiratory manifestations in the course of the Gougerot-Sjogren syndrome (with report of 2 cases)].
[Gougerot-Sjogren syndrome and disseminated lupus erythematosus. A case with distal tubular acidosis, hyposthenuria and papillar calcifications].
Congenital ichthyosis, oligophrenia and spastic paresis (Sjögren-Larsson syndrome).
[Gougerot-Sjogren syndrome].
[Congenital bullous ichtyosiform erythrodermia; discussion of Sjögren-Larsson syndrome].
[Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome. A disorder of the thelio-lymphatic organs].
[The diagnostic value of the so-called Sjögren cells].
[Sjogren-Larsson syndrome. A recent case].
Sjogren-Larsson syndrome.
[Cerebello-pyramidal syndrome of regressive evolution associated with Gougerot-Sjögren disease].
Pathological findings in Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
[Corneal complications of Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
[Cliniconeurological study of 2 cases of Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome in a family].
Reticular dystrophy of the retinal pigment epithelium. Dystrophia reticularis laminae pigmentosa retinae of H. Sjogren.
[Pseudohypothyroidism produced by hypercholesterolemic xanthomatosis associated with Gougerot-Sjogren syndrome and exogenous iodine overloading].
[Amelioration of Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome by hyperfunctional fistulizing cicatrix with spontaneous microfiltration].
[Sjögren-Larsson syndrome].
[Familial syndrome of the Marinesco-Sjogren type with variations].
[Gougerot-Sjogren syndrome with occurrence of subacute lupus erythematosus].
Sjögren-Larsson syndrome. (Congenital ichthyosis with spastic paralysis and oligophrenia).
[The Sjögren-Larsson syndrome].
[Sjogren-Larsson syndrome. Differential diagnosis of ichthyosis with neurological manifestations. Case report].
The Sjogren-Larsson syndrome.
[Collagenosis causing a difficult nosologic problem: scleroderma associated with Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome?].
[Some considerations on a case of Gougerot-Houwers-Sjögren syndrome].
[Malignant thymoma, myasthenia, thyroiditis, Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome and alveolo-capillary block. Apropos of a case].
[A case of mucosal dryness syndrome without Sjogren disease].
[Sialometric and sialographic examinations in Sjögren syndrome].
[The Gougerot-Houwer-Sjögren syndrome and polyarteritis nodosa].
[Lymphosarcoma of the parotid gland in Sjögren syndrom].
Sjögren-Larsson syndrome with exudative enteropathy. Influence of medium-chain triclycerides on the symptomatology.
The Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
[Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome; reticular livedoof the legs. Positive rheumatic and lupic serological tests; cryoglobulinemia].
[Dysglobulinemic purpura and the Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome. Subsequent detection of a malignant reticulosis with a plasmacytic tendency].
[LE cells and Sjögren cells in arthropathies with and without concomitant Sjögren's syndrome].
[Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome with anetodermal lesions].
["Gougerot-Sjögren" type syndrome in a child].
[A propos of a case of Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome. Its position among the heredoataxias].
[A case of Gougerot-Houwers-Sjögren syndrome in a male].
Pathology of the Sjögren-Larsson syndrome.
[Parotidectomy in a case of Gougerot-Houwers-Sjogren syndrome].
[A SPORADIC CASE OF MARINESCO-SJOGREN SYNDROME].
[Apropos of a case of Creyx and Leng-Lévy syndrome (reversed Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome)].
[Polyvisceral changes in the Sjögren syndrome as an expression of generalized collagenosis].
[MARINESCO-SJOGREN DISEASE].
[SJOGREN AND LARSSON SYNDROME. ICHTHYOSIS-OLIGOPHRENIA-SYMMETRICAL PYRAMIDAL CONTRACTURE].
Cerebellar ataxia, congenital cataracts, and retarded somatic and mental maturation. Report of cases of Marinesco-Sjogren syndrome.
[On the problem of the Marinescu-Sjogren syndrome].
[On a heredo-familial disease combining cataract, optic atrophy, extrapyramidal symptoms and certain defects of Friedreich's disease. (Its nosological position in relation to the Behr's syndrome, the Marinesco-Sjogren syndrome and Friedreich's disease with ocular symptoms].
[Mucosa of the stomach during Gougerot-Sjögren disease; concerning four observations studied by mucosal gastric biopsy].
[Histological lesions of the gastric mucosa in Gougerot-Sjögren disease; report of 4 cases studied by mucosal gastric biopsy].
[Heredo ataxia, cataract and oligophrenia (Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome)].
[Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome; late appearance of a malignant reticulosis of the lymph nodes; fatal with amylosis].
[Gougerot-Sjögren-Houwer syndrome or dry mucous membranes syndrome].
[Sjögren syndrome & poisoning by Amanita phalloides].
[Treatment of Sjögren keratoconjunctivitis].
[Comparative studies on the salivary and lacrimal glands in connection with the pathogenesis of Sjögren syndrome and Mikulicz disease].
[Case of Gougerot-Sjögren disease].
[A case of scleroderma with facial diplegia and Sjögren syndrome].
[Mickulicz-Gougerot-Sjogren syndrome (dryness syndrome)].
[Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome].
Sicca syndrome, Gougerot-Sjögren disease.
[Gougerot-Mulock Houwer-Sjögren syndrome].
[ACTH and cortisone therapy of Sjögren disease].
[Cortisone and ACTH in the secretory-inhibiting syndrome of Sjögren].
[Sjögren syndrome; personal case].
[Sjögren syndrome].
[Sjögren syndrome].
[A rare case of Gougerot-Houwers-Sjogren syndrome or xerodermosteosis with precocious development of the genital organs and body, in a child].
Serum fatty acid patterns, insulin sensitivity and the metabolic syndrome in individuals with chronic kidney disease.
Levels of Vitamin D, Disease Activity and Subclinical Atherosclerosis in Post-menopausal Women with Sjögren's Syndrome: Does a Link Exist?
Factors Associated with Erosive Arthritis in Rheumatoid Arthritis and Other Connective Tissue Diseases: A Retrospective Study From a Southern Chinese Population.
Lack of effects of recombinant human GH on spermatogenesis in the adult cynomolgus monkey (Macaca fascicularis).
Tracking Effects of SIL1 Increase: Taking a Closer Look Beyond the Consequences of Elevated Expression Level.
Effects of ribavirin dose reduction vs erythropoietin for boceprevir-related anemia in patients with chronic hepatitis C virus genotype 1 infection--a randomized trial.
Cardiovascular Disease in Primary Sjögren's Syndrome.
Pneumoparotitis as a complication of long-term oronasal positive airway pressure for sleep apnea.
Efficacy and safety of biological DMARDs modulating B cells in primary Sjögren's syndrome: Systematic review and meta-analysis.
Unique Phenotypes and Functions of Follicular Helper T Cells and Regulatory T Cells in Sjögren's Syndrome.
Expression and function of beta 2 integrin CD11B/CD18 on leukocytes from patients with psoriasis.
[Follow up of pediatric care is a good resource of knowledge that can be even better].
Clinical evaluation of all-ceramic crowns (Dicor) in general practice.
Cystic lymphoid hyperplasia of the parotid gland in HIV-positive and HIV-negative patients: quantitative immunopathology.
Immune-related and inflammatory conditions and risk of lymphoplasmacytic lymphoma or Waldenstrom macroglobulinemia.
Aqueous Tear Deficiency Increases Conjunctival Interferon-γ (IFN-γ) Expression and Goblet Cell Loss.
Dabigatran versus warfarin in patients with mechanical heart valves.
Treatment of Sjögren's syndrome dry eye using 0.03% tacrolimus eye drop: Prospective double-blind randomized study.
Risk of Ischemic Heart Disease in Patients With Sjögren's Syndrome.
Are 25 SNPs from the CARDIoGRAM study associated with ischaemic stroke?
Chromosome 9p21 genetic variation explains 13% of cardiovascular disease incidence but does not improve risk prediction.
Intraparotid classical and nodular lymphocyte-predominant Hodgkin lymphoma: pattern analysis with emphasis on associated lymphadenoma-like proliferations.
Regression of intracerebral rat glioma isografts by therapeutic subcutaneous immunization with interferon-gamma, interleukin-7, or B7-1-transfected tumor cells.
Altered Mucin and Glycoprotein Expression in Dry Eye Disease.
Elemental Analysis of Whole and Protein Separated Blood Serum of Patients with Systemic Lupus Erythematosus and Sjögren's Syndrome.
A Case Report of Mikulicz Syndrome.
CD4 T lymphocyte autophagy is upregulated in the salivary glands of primary Sjögren's syndrome patients and correlates with focus score and disease activity.
Telemedicine in Sweden--a diffusion study.
The sphingosine 1-phosphate breakdown product, (2<i>E</i>)-hexadecenal, forms protein adducts and glutathione conjugates in vitro.
Prognostic and predictive value of c-erbB-2 overexpression in primary breast cancer, alone and in combination with other prognostic markers.
Impact of a sodium carbonate spray combined with professional oral hygiene procedures in patients with Sjögren's syndrome: an explorative study.
Characterization of systemic disease in primary Sjögren's syndrome: EULAR-SS Task Force recommendations for articular, cutaneous, pulmonary and renal involvements.
Using corneal confocal microscopy to track changes in the corneal layers of dry eye patients after autologous serum treatment.
Anemia during treatment with peginterferon Alfa-2b/ribavirin and boceprevir: Analysis from the serine protease inhibitor therapy 2 (SPRINT-2) trial.
The diffuse infiltrative lymphocytosis syndrome (DILS). A comprehensive review.
Autologous serum eye drops for the treatment of ocular surface disease.
Sjögren's Syndrome: A Case Study.
Vanin-1 T26I polymorphism, hypertension and cardiovascular events in two large urban-based prospective studies in Swedes.
A 5-year clinical evaluation of ceramic inlays (Cerec) cemented with a dual-cured or chemically cured resin composite luting agent.
Is development of hyperalgesia, allodynia and myoclonus related to morphine metabolism during long-term administration? Six case histories.
Fourier-domain optical coherence tomography for monitoring the lower tear meniscus in dry eye after acupuncture treatment.
Spinal cord biopsy findings of anti-aquaporin-4 antibody-negative recurrent longitudinal myelitis in a patient with sicca symptoms and hepatitis C viral infection.
Reviewing primary Sjögren's syndrome: beyond the dryness - From pathophysiology to diagnosis and treatment.
[Neonatal lupus and maternofetal transmission of anti-SSA/Ro and anti-SSB/La antibodies].
Somatostatin receptor scintigraphy in patients with rheumatoid arthritis and secondary Sjögren's syndrome treated with Infliximab: a pilot study.
Decreased monoamine metabolites in frontotemporal dementia and Alzheimer's disease.
Europa's differentiated internal structure: inferences from four Galileo encounters.
Cerebral lipid accumulation in Chanarin-Dorfman Syndrome.
Eosinophilic gastrointestinal disorders associated with autoimmune connective tissue disease.
Disease progression in mothers of children enrolled in the Research Registry for Neonatal Lupus.
Skin innervation at different depths correlates with small fibre function but not with pain in neuropathic pain patients.
Double positive CD4+CD8+ T cells: key suppressive role in the production of autoantibodies in systemic lupus erythematosus.
In vivo confocal microscopic evaluation of corneal langerhans cells in dry eye patients.
Abnormal barrier function in the pathogenesis of ichthyosis: therapeutic implications for lipid metabolic disorders.
Bilateral Internuclear Ophthalmoplegia as a Presenting Manifestation of Primary Sjögren's Syndrome.
Lymphocytic Interstitial Pneumonia.
The role of fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase in epidermal structure and function.
Multiple Natural and Experimental Inflammatory Rabbit Lacrimal Gland Phenotypes.
Prevalence of antibodies to ganglioside and Hep 2 in Gaucher, Niemann - Pick type C and Sanfilippo diseases.
Association of dry eye and inflammatory systemic diseases in a tertiary care-based sample.
A Meta-Analysis of Treatment for Primary Sjögren's Syndrome.
In vitro and in vivo erosion of two different hydrophilic gel matrix tablets.
Abatacept treatment reduces disease activity in early primary Sjögren's syndrome (open-label proof of concept ASAP study).
Overview of neonatal lupus.
The benefits and harms of intravenous thrombolysis with recombinant tissue plasminogen activator within 6 h of acute ischaemic stroke (the third international stroke trial [IST-3]): a randomised controlled trial.
Oral manifestations of hepatitis C virus infection.
A comparison of women's memories of care during pregnancy, labour and delivery after stillbirth or live birth.
Distribution of rock, metals, and ices in Callisto.
Lower prevalence of extra-glandular manifestations and anti-SSB antibodies in patients with primary Sjögren's syndrome and widespread pain: evidence for a relatively benign subset.
Significance of ectodomain shedding of TNF receptor 1 in ocular surface.
Influence of electron contamination on in vivo surface dosimetry for high-energy photon beams.
Hyposalivation and Xerostomia: Etiology, Complications, and Medical Management.
Congenital heart block related to maternal autoantibodies: descriptive analysis of a series of 18 cases from a single center.
[Denmark's first research facility in palliative medicine. Organization and research strategy].
Other noninfectious inflammatory disorders.
Systemic lupus erythematosus: An update for ophthalmologists.
A simple test for salivary gland function measuring resting and stimulated submandibular and sublingual secretions.
A myocardial infarction genetic risk score is associated with markers of carotid atherosclerosis.
Characterization of systemic disease in primary Sjögren's syndrome: EULAR-SS Task Force recommendations for articular, cutaneous, pulmonary and renal involvements.
[Epidemiology of cancer pain].
Salivaomics for oral diseases biomarkers detection.
Quantification of conjunctival TNF-α in aqueous-deficient dry eye.
Action of anti-M₃muscarinic acetylcholine receptor IgG of primary Sjögren's syndrome on the enzymatic antioxidant system in rat submandibular gland.
The sirolimus-eluting Cypher Select coronary stent for the treatment of bare-metal and drug-eluting stent restenosis: insights from the e-SELECT (Multicenter Post-Market Surveillance) registry.
Mutated KRAS Is an Independent Negative Prognostic Factor for Survival in NSCLC Stage III Disease Treated with High-Dose Radiotherapy.
New biological therapies in Sjögren's syndrome.
Sjögren's Syndrome: Oral Manifestations and Treatment, a Dental Perspective.
Endoscopic management of salivary gland obstructive diseases in patients with Sjögren's syndrome.
Contribution of dendritic cell immunoreceptor (DCIR) polymorphisms in susceptibility of systemic lupus erythematosus and primary Sjogren's syndrome.
Oral involvement in patients with primary Sjögren's syndrome. Multidisciplinary care by dentists and rheumatologists.
Human adjuvant-related syndrome or autoimmune/inflammatory syndrome induced by adjuvants. Where have we come from? Where are we going? A proposal for new diagnostic criteria.
Update on the third international stroke trial (IST-3) of thrombolysis for acute ischaemic stroke and baseline features of the 3035 patients recruited.
Genome-wide association study identifies six new loci influencing pulse pressure and mean arterial pressure.
Ventilatory responses to acute and sustained hypoxia during isoflurane anesthesia.
Diffuse Cystic Lung Disease. Part II.
Assessment of left ventricular functions in patients with Sjögren's syndrome using tissue Doppler echocardiography.
Attitudes and perceptions towards oral hygiene tasks among geriatric nursing home staff.
Identification of autoantibody biomarkers for primary Sjögren's syndrome using protein microarrays.
Primary Sjögren's syndrome and occupational risk factors: A case-control study.
Prejunctional facilitatory and inhibitory modulation of parasympathetic nerve transmission in the rabbit urinary bladder.
Effects of very high doses of human growth hormone (hGH) on the male reproductive system in the dog.
The effect of a triple therapy on maternal anti-Ro/SS-A levels associated to fetal cardiac manifestations.
Open-heart surgery in a growing geriatric population: patient selection and risk factors to be considered.
A Case of Sjögren's Syndrome That Presented with Alcohol-induced Purpura.
Serotonin transporter gene polymorphisms: Relation with platelet serotonin level in patients with primary Sjogren's syndrome.
Microbiologic analysis of teeth with failed endodontic treatment and the outcome of conservative re-treatment.
In vivo confocal evaluation of the ocular surface morpho-functional unit in dry eye.
Usage patterns and 1-year outcomes with the TAXUS Liberté stent: results of the TAXUS OLYMPIA registry.
Filler content and gap width after luting of ceramic inlays, using the ultrasonic insertion technique and composite resin cements. An in vitro study.
Polymyositis with cytochrome C oxidase negative fibers--a pathological and clinical challenge.
Air particulate matter exacerbates lung response on Sjögren's Syndrome animals.
Chemokine-like factor-like MARVEL transmembrane domain-containing family in autoimmune diseases.
Antibodies against carbamylated vimentin exist in systemic lupus erythematosus and correlate with disease activity.
The "central vein sign" in patients with diagnostic "red flags" for multiple sclerosis: A prospective multicenter 3T study.
The impact of primary Sjogren's syndrome on female sexual function.
Regional Comparison of Goblet Cell Number and Area in Exposed and Covered Dry Eyes and Their Correlation with Tear MUC5AC.
Acquired neurocutaneous disorders.
Neuromyelitis optica overlapping systemic sclerosis with anti-centromere antibodies.
Extracorporeal immunoadsorption compared to avidin chase: enhancement of tumor-to-normal tissue ratio for biotinylated rhenium-188-chimeric BR96.
Renal involvement in autoimmune connective tissue diseases.
Rituximab effect in severe progressive connective tissue disease-related lung disease: preliminary data.
Roles of transactivating functions 1 and 2 of estrogen receptor-alpha in bone.
A silent epidemic: occupational exposure limits are insufficiently protecting individual worker health.
Clinical Outcomes From Cultivated Allogenic Stem Cells vs. Oral Mucosa Epithelial Transplants in Total Bilateral Stem Cells Deficiency.
Clinical, radiological, and pathological features of anti-asparaginyl tRNA synthetase antibody-related interstitial lung disease.
Therapeutic Options for the Treatment of Interstitial Lung Disease Related to Connective Tissue Diseases. A Narrative Review.
Nailfold capillaroscopy and autoimmune connective tissue diseases in patients from a Portuguese nailfold capillaroscopy clinic.
[Clinical characteristics analysis of 1 808 rheumatism in-patients with oral candidiasis].
Boceprevir for untreated chronic HCV genotype 1 infection.
Next-generation sequencing through multi-gene panel testing for diagnosis of hereditary ichthyosis in Chinese.
Marginal zone B-cell lymphoma: lessons from Western and Eastern diagnostic approaches.
Survival analysis of patients with Sjögren's syndrome in Turkey: a tertiary hospital-based study.
Genetic and phenotypic features of patients with childhood ataxias diagnosed by next-generation sequencing gene panel.
Salivary fluoride concentration and plaque pH after using a fluoride-containing chewing gum.
Obstetric outcome in 100 women with severe anxiety over childbirth.
Selective cytotoxicity of two rodent T cell lymphomas to rat yolk sac tumours involves a retroviral envelope protein expressed by the lymphoma.
Prevalence of secondary Sjögren's syndrome in Indian patients with rheumatoid arthritis: a single-center study.
Burden of itch in ichthyosis: a multicentre study in 94 patients.
Prevalence and predictors of Sjogren's syndrome in a prospective cohort of patients with aqueous-deficient dry eye.
Systemic lupus erythematosus complicated by a Gitelman-like syndrome in an 8-year-old girl.
The immunobiology of mTOR in autoimmunity.
Changes in Human Tear Proteome Following Topical Treatment of Dry Eye Disease: Cyclosporine A Versus Diquafosol Tetrasodium.
Prolactin and autoimmunity: The hormone as an inflammatory cytokine.
Consider the wrist: a retrospective study on pediatric connective tissue disease with MRI.
Profile of the unfolded protein response in rat cerebellar cortical development.
[Expression and clinical significance of CCL18 in bronchoalveolar lavage fluid of connective tissue disease-associated interstitial lung disease].
Characterizing Pruritus in Autoimmune Connective Tissue Diseases
Comparison of autologous serum eye drops with different diluents.
An increased disease burden of autoimmune inflammatory rheumatic diseases in Korea.
Osteoporosis in Rheumatic Diseases.
Integrated analysis of miRNA landscape and cellular networking pathways in stage-specific prostate cancer.
The Role of Meibography in the Diagnosis of Meibomian Gland Dysfunction in Ocular Surface Diseases.
Association of NCF1 polymorphism with systemic lupus erythematosus and systemic sclerosis but not with ANCA-associated vasculitis in a Japanese population.
Prescribing for the "Swedish Viagra man".
SLC39A8 gene encoding a metal ion transporter: discovery and bench to bedside.
Identification of clinically relevant subgroups of COPD based on airway and circulating autoantibody profiles.
Antitumor activity of carcinoma-reactive BR96-doxorubicin conjugate against human carcinomas in athymic mice and rats and syngeneic rat carcinomas in immunocompetent rats.
Effect of Scleral Lens Wear on Central Corneal Thickness and Intraocular Pressure in Patients With Ocular Surface Disease.
Global public interest in systemic lupus erythematosus: an investigation based on internet search data.
Usefulness of free light chain measurement in monoclonal gammopathy, other haematological malignancies and autoimmune diseases.
[A case of neuromyelitis optica presenting ileus as a neurologic finding].
Effect of autoimmune diseases on risk and survival in female cancers.
Drug and alcohol use among injured motor vehicle drivers in Sweden: prevalence, driver, crash, and injury characteristics.
pH dependence of self-splicing by the group IA2 intron in a pre-mRNA derived from the nrdB gene of bacteriophage T4.
Metabolic and autoimmune syndromes.
Gastrointestinal Manifestations of Rheumatological Diseases.
Juvenile recurrent parotitis: Diagnostic and therapeutic effectiveness of sialography. Retrospective study on 110 children.
The combination of whole-exome sequencing and clinical analysis allows better diagnosis of rare syndromic retinal dystrophies.
Abnormal Nailfold Capillaroscopy Is Common in Patients with Connective Tissue Disease and Associated with Abnormal Pulmonary Function Tests.
Association between the levels of prostaglandin E2 in tears and severity of dry eye.
Human immunodeficiency virus and salivary gland pathology: an update.
Albinterferon Alfa-2b was not inferior to pegylated interferon-α in a randomized trial of patients with chronic hepatitis C virus genotype 1.
PNPLA1 is a transacylase essential for the generation of the skin barrier lipid ω-O-acylceramide.
Lung adenocarcinoma with Lambert-Eaton myasthenic syndrome indicated by voltage-gated calcium channel: a case report.
Patients with ANCA-Associated Glomerulonephritis and Connective Tissue Diseases: A Comparative Study from the Maine-Anjou AAV Registry.
Role of Rheumatoid Factor Isotypes and Anti-citrullinated Peptide Antibodies in the Differential Diagnosis of Non-selected Patients with Inflammatory Arthralgia.
Buccal adhesive chitosan conjugate comprising pilocarpine for xerostomia.
Anti-retinoblastoma Protein Antibodies: A New Specificity in Systemic Lupus Erythematosus Associated With Protection Against Lupus Nephritis.
Canadian Rheumatology Association Meeting Fairmont The Queen Elizabeth Montreal, Quebec, Canada February - March 2, 2019.
T-Cell-Specific PTPN2 Deficiency in NOD Mice Accelerates the Development of Type 1 Diabetes and Autoimmune Comorbidities.
The Use of Conjunctival Staining to Measure Ocular Surface Inflammation in Patients With Dry Eye.
Influence of infection at the time of root filling on the outcome of endodontic treatment of teeth with apical periodontitis.
Comparison between blood analysis and police assessment of drug and alcohol use by injured drivers.
Severe transient left ventricular dysfunction in a patient with Legionella pneumophila pneumonia.
Montreal cognitive assessment in primary sjogrens syndrome. A brief screening tool.
Ten-year fracture risk by FRAX and osteoporotic fractures in patients with systemic autoimmune diseases.
Oral guaifenesin for treatment of filamentary keratitis: A pilot study.
Anti-C1q autoantibodies are frequently detected in patients with systemic sclerosis associated with pulmonary fibrosis.
Comparison of Sensitivities of American College of Rheumatology and Systemic Lupus International Collaborating Clinics Classification Criteria in Childhood-onset Systemic Lupus Erythematosus.
Tadalafil increases muscle capillary recruitment and forearm glucose uptake in women with type 2 diabetes.
Repeated measurements of 11β-HSD-1 activity in subcutaneous adipose tissue from lean, abdominally obese, and type 2 diabetes subjects--no change following a mixed meal.
Evaluation of the clinical course of dry eye syndrome.
IRF5 promoter methylation as a new potential marker of rheumatoid arthritis.
The cerebrospinal fluid amyloid beta42/40 ratio in the differentiation of Alzheimer's disease from non-Alzheimer's dementia.
Evidence for an association between endometriosis, fibromyalgia, and autoimmune diseases.
Clinical significance of myositis-specific autoantibody profiles in Japanese patients with polymyositis/dermatomyositis.
Rheumatologic Diseases and the Liver.
Norfloxacin resistance in Campylobacter jejuni and Campylobacter coli isolates from Swedish patients.
Role of sensory afferents in the myoelectric response to acute enteric inflammation in the rabbit.
Muscarinic type 3 receptor autoantibodies are associated with anti-SSA/Ro autoantibodies in Sjögren's syndrome.
Primary antiphospholipid syndrome during aromatase inhibitors therapy: A case report and review of the literature.
Species-specific differences in nonlysosomal glucosylceramidase GBA2 function underlie locomotor dysfunction arising from loss-of-function mutations.
Autoimmune dacryoadenitis and sialadenitis induced in rabbits by intravenous injection of autologous lymphocytes activated ex vivo against lacrimal antigens.
Secular changes in cognitive predictors of dementia and mortality in 70-year-olds.
Time to significant pain reduction following DETP application vs placebo for acute soft tissue injuries.
Physicochemical characterisation of mangafodipir trisodium.
Arthralgia and aromatase inhibitors.
Reproducibility of fluid-phase measurements in PBS-treated sputum supernatant of healthy and stable COPD subjects.
Cognitive Function in Primary Sjögren's Syndrome: A Systematic Review.
Expression of Nod-like Receptors and Clinical Correlations in Patients With Dry Eye Disease.
High prevalence of comorbid autoimmune diseases in adults with type 1 diabetes from the HealthFacts database.
Predictors of blood transfusion and in-hospital outcomes in patients with gastric antral vascular ectasia (GAVE): a nationwide population-based analysis.
Frontal fibrosing alopecia demographics: a survey of 29 patients.
Non-uremic calciphylaxis in a patient with multiple rheumatologic diseases.
[Congenital heart block revealing a maternal systemic disease : pathophysiology and therapeutic approaches].
[Clinicopathological features and possible prognostic factors in parotid lymphomas].
[Clinicopathological characteristics and diagnosis of IgG4related sialadenitis].
Apathy is a prominent neuropsychiatric feature of radiological white-matter changes in patients with dementia.
Postirradiation Morphea in Patients With Breast Cancer: Possible Association With Other Autoimmune Diseases.
Clinical Characteristics and Associated Systemic Diseases in Patients With Esophageal "Absent Contractility"-A Clinical Algorithm.
Alarming spread of vancomycin resistant enterococci in Sweden since 2007.
Marked differences of haplotype tagging SNP distribution, linkage, and haplotype profile of IL23 receptor gene in Roma and Hungarian population samples.
The neurology of Sjogren's syndrome and the rheumatology of peripheral neuropathy and myelitis.
Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and rheumatic diseases: A systematic review on a neglected comorbidity.
Impact of extractable nuclear antigen, anti-double stranded DNA, antiphospholipid antibody, and anticardiolipin antibody positivity on obstetrical complications and pregnancy outcomes.
[Relative effectiveness of methods of obturating the lacrimal duct in the treatment of patients with dry eye syndrome].
Sjögren's syndrome and systemic lupus erythematosus: links and risks.
Siglec-1 Macrophages and the Contribution of IFN to the Development of Autoimmune Congenital Heart Block.
Extrahepatic Autoimmune Diseases are Prevalent in Autoimmune Hepatitis Patients and Their First-Degree Relatives: Survey Study.
Management of Primary Sjögren's Syndrome.
The Effect of Statin Use on Mortality in Systemic Autoimmune Rheumatic Diseases.
Symptomatological characteristics distinguish between frontotemporal dementia and vascular dementia with a dominant frontal lobe syndrome.
The First Pediatric Case of Acute Generalized Exanthematous Pustulosis Caused by Hydroxychloroquine.
[MicroRNA en enfermedades autoinmunes].
Connective Tissue Disorders in Childhood: Are They All the Same?
Selenium and Autoimmune Diseases: A Review Article.
US FDA Breast Implant Postapproval Studies: Long-term Outcomes in 99,993 Patients.
Impact of environmental pollution on the ocular surface of Sjögren's syndrome patients.
Idiopathic immune complex-mediated tubulointerstitial nephritis with hypocomplementemia and neutrophil-rich interstitial infiltrates .
Comparative analysis of novel autoantibody isotypes against citrullinated-inter-alpha-trypsin inhibitor heavy chain 3 (ITIH3)(542-556) peptide in serum from Taiwanese females with rheumatoid arthritis, primary Sjögren's syndrome and secondary Sjögren's syndrome in rheumatoid arthritis.
Adipose tissue fatty acids and insulin sensitivity in elderly men.
Blood chimerism in twins.
Factors influencing subjective symptoms in dry eye disease.
[Bronchiectasis in adults: Etiological diagnosis].
Risk of Diffuse Infiltrative Lymphocytosis Syndrome in HIV-Infected Patients: A Nationwide Population-Based Cohort Study.
Depth for dose calibration in high energy photon beams.
Aquaporin-4 antibodies (NMO-IgG) as a serological marker of neuromyelitis optica: a critical review of the literature.
Analysis of topical cyclosporine treatment of patients with dry eye syndrome: effect on conjunctival lymphocytes.
Urinary B-cell-activating factor of the tumour necrosis factor family (BAFF) in systemic lupus erythematosus.
Coexistence of two different types of lymphoma in a patient with Sjögren's syndrome. The usefulness of the PET-CT.
Clinical features distinguishing lymphoma development in primary Sjögren's Syndrome--a retrospective cohort study.
Home Monitoring for Fetal Heart Rhythm During Anti-Ro Pregnancies.
Biochemical Characterization of the <i>GBA2</i> c.1780G>C Missense Mutation in Lymphoblastoid Cells from Patients with Spastic Ataxia.
Diagnostic and prognostic role of renal histopathology in rheumatic diseases.
Sarcoidosis (Heerfordt syndrome): a case report.
Uncommon patterns of antinuclear antibodies recognizing mitotic spindle apparatus antigens and clinical associations.
Diagnostic and treatment effects of sialendoscopy for patients with swelling of the parotid gland when sialoliths are undetected with computed tomography.
Peculiar histopathological features in minor salivary gland in lupus erythematosus.
[Morphine metabolism--pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics].
[A case of neuromyelitis optica associated with anti-aquaporin 4 antibody and other autoantibodies].
Association of serum/plasma high mobility group box 1 with autoimmune diseases: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
The role of miRNA in inflammation and autoimmunity.
[Senile rheumatoid arthritis associated with rheumatoid lung: a caricatural observation].
Nodular Pulmonary Amyloidosis: A Manifestation of Sjögren's Syndrome.
Dermoscopic patterns of filiform papillae of the tongue in patients with and without connective tissue autoimmune diseases.
[Malignant bone pain].
Liver abnormalities in connective tissue diseases.
[Nephrocalcinosis and proximal tubulopathy in Sjögren's Syndrome.]
Wilson's disease combined with systemic lupus erythematosus: a case report and literature review.
Cerebellar degeneration in primary Sjӧgren syndrome.
Efficacy and safety of using topical cyclosporine A for treatment of moderate to severe dry eye disease.
SIL1 functions as an oncogene in glioma by AKT/mTOR signaling pathway.
The G-Protein-Coupled Receptor ALX/Fpr2 Regulates Adaptive Immune Responses in Mouse Submandibular Glands.
Associations of chronic urticaria with atopic and autoimmune comorbidities: a nationwide population-based study.
CSF biomarker utilisation and ethical considerations of biomarker assisted diagnosis and research in dementia: perspectives from within the European Alzheimer's Disease Consortium (EADC).
Autoimmune Diseases and Their Manifestations on Oral Cavity: Diagnosis and Clinical Management.
The Spleen as an Optimal Site for Islet Transplantation and a Source of Mesenchymal Stem Cells.
Hydroxychloroquine: balancing the need to maintain therapeutic levels with ocular safety: an update.
Effects of gustatory stimulants of salivary secretion on salivary pH and flow in patients with Sjögren's syndrome: a randomized controlled trial.
Capillary Ion Chromatography with On-Line High-Pressure Electrodialytic NaOH Eluent Production and Gradient Generation.
Mortality among Welders Exposed to High and to Low Levels of Hexavalent Chromium and Followed for More Than 20 Years.
MicroRNA in Sjögren's Syndrome: Their Potential Roles in Pathogenesis and Diagnosis.
NUDT15 R139C variation increases the risk of azathioprine-induced toxicity in Chinese subjects: Case report and literature review.
Recurrent histiocytic necrotizing lymphadenitis with a long latency in a patient with autoimmunity: a case report and review of literature.
Routine and Advanced Diffusion Imaging Modules of the Salivary Glands.
The Interferon-Signature of Sjögren's Syndrome: How Unique Biomarkers Can Identify Underlying Inflammatory and Immunopathological Mechanisms of Specific Diseases.
Hepatitis C Infection and Periodontal Disease: Is there a Common Immunological Link?
Safety and efficacy of anti-programmed death 1 antibodies in patients with cancer and pre-existing autoimmune or inflammatory disease.
Anti-High-Density Lipoprotein Antibodies and Antioxidant Dysfunction in Immune-Driven Diseases.
Usefulness of double vital staining with 1% fluorescein and 1% lissamine green in patients with dry eye syndrome.
Central vein sign differentiates Multiple Sclerosis from central nervous system inflammatory vasculopathies.
Adult onset Still's disease occurring during pregnancy: Case-report and literature review.
Effect of antibacterial honey on the ocular flora in tear deficiency and meibomian gland disease.
[Treatment of cancer pain in Denmark. A questionnaire survey].
Type I interferon in rheumatic diseases.
Kidney Transplant Recipients With Rheumatic Diseases: Epidemiological Data From the Polish Transplant Registries 1998-2015.
Less common rheumatologic disorders: Current concepts of skin and systemic manifestations.
Nucleotide exchange factors Fes1 and HspBP1 mimic substrate to release misfolded proteins from Hsp70.
Coexistance of Amyloidosis and Primary Sjögren's Syndrome: An Overview.
Metal ion interaction with cosubstrate in self-splicing of group I introns.
Misleading Diagnosis of Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis: A Clinical Concern.
[Prospective, monocentric, uncontrolled study of efficacy, tolerance and adherence of cyclosporin 0.1 % for severe dry eye syndrome].
Autoimmune rheumatic diseases and the risk of Parkinson disease: a nationwide population-based cohort study in Taiwan.
Rheumatic Manifestations in Autoimmune Liver Disease.
Hydroxychloroquine decreases human MSC-derived osteoblast differentiation and mineralization in vitro.
Hydroxychloroquine affects bone resorption both in vitro and in vivo.
Peginterferon alfa-2b or alfa-2a with ribavirin for treatment of hepatitis C infection.
Therapeutic inhibitors for the treatment of dry eye syndrome.
Cutaneous vasculitis in rheumatologic disease: Current concepts of skin and systemic manifestations.
Neuro-ichthyotic Syndromes: A Case Series.
Bamboo Nodes of Vocal Folds: A Description of 10 Cases and Review of the Literature.
[MALT lymphoma with t (X;14) (p11.2;q32) developing during the course of cutaneous leukocytoclastic angitis].
Current Status of Molecular Imaging in Inflammatory and Autoimmune Disorders.
Autoimmune rheumatic diseases increase dementia risk in middle-aged patients: A nationwide cohort study.
Chronic autoimmune disorders are increased in coeliac disease: A case-control study.
[Clinical manifestation and gene analyses of 15 patients with intellectual disability or developmental delay complicated with congenital nystagmus].
[Myelitis as a differential diagnosis of spinal cord tumors].
Functional autoantibodies targeting G protein-coupled receptors in rheumatic diseases.
Genetic and pharmacologic inhibition of the Ca2+ influx channel TRPC3 protects secretory epithelia from Ca2+-dependent toxicity.
Relation of systemic autoantibodies to the number of extraglandular manifestations in primary Sjögren's Syndrome: a retrospective analysis of 65 patients in the Netherlands.
Health-related quality of life and psychological status of women with primary Sjögren's syndrome: A cross-sectional study of 304 Chinese patients.
Neonatal Systemic Lupus Erythematosus Syndrome: a Comprehensive Review.
Group hydrotherapy versus group land-based treatment for chronic low back pain.
Development of PBC/SSc overlap syndrome in chronic GVHD patient: immunological implications in the presence of mitochondrial, nucleolar and spindle midzone autoantigens.
Coexistence of multiple sclerosis and ankylosing spondylitis: Report of four cases from Russia and review of the literature.
Systemic Lupus Erythematosus and hearing disorders: Literature review and meta-analysis of clinical and temporal bone findings.
The PDGFRα-laminin B1-keratin 19 cascade drives tumor progression at the invasive front of human hepatocellular carcinoma.
The Danish version of the questionnaire on pain communication: preliminary validation in cancer patients.
Novel developments in the pathogenesis and diagnosis of extranodal marginal zone lymphoma.
Clinico-radiological and genetic features of a common neuro-ichthyotic syndrome.
Crystal size and properties of superparamagnetic iron oxide (SPIO) particles.
Ingestion of herring leads to absorption of pristane in humans.
Opioids in pain management.
The spectrum of lung involvement in collagen vascular-like diseases following allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation: report of 6 cases and review of the literature.
Neonatal lupus - case series of a tertiary hospital.
Proteomic analysis of human lacrimal and tear fluid in dry eye disease.
Toll-like receptor 7 is overexpressed in the bladder of Hunner-type interstitial cystitis, and its activation in the mouse bladder can induce cystitis and bladder pain.
Stillbirth is no longer managed as a nonevent: a nationwide study in Sweden.
A humble gentleman at 100. 1951.
[Mucosa-associated Lymphoid Tissue Lymphoma in the Thymus;Report of a Case].
Ultrasound in Arthritis.
Associations of Autoimmunity, Immunodeficiency, Lymphomagenesis, and Gut Microbiota in Mice with Knockins for a Pathogenic Autoantibody.
Graft versus host disease: what should the oculoplastic surgeon know?
[Pediatric salivary gland tumors and tumor-like lesions].
A case of spontaneous regression of pulmonary mucosa-associated lymphoid tissue (MALT) type lymphoma with Sjögren's syndrome treated with methotrexate for rheumatoid arthritis.
Long-term safety and efficacy of drug-eluting versus bare-metal stents in Sweden.
Human blood T<sub>fr</sub> cells are indicators of ongoing humoral activity not fully licensed with suppressive function.
Correlation of goblet cell density and mucosal epithelial membrane mucin expression with rose bengal staining in patients with ocular irritation.
Impaired salivary gland activity in patients with autoimmune polyendocrine syndrome type I.
Health care utilisation and characteristics of long-term breast cancer survivors: nationwide survey in Denmark.
TFOS DEWS II pathophysiology report.
Survival and outcomes after lung transplantation for non-scleroderma connective tissue-related interstitial lung disease.
Signification of distal urinary acidification defects in hypocitraturic patients.
Correlation between ESSDAI and ClinESSDAI in a real-life cohort of patients with Sjögren's syndrome.
Mesenchymal stem cells for treating autoimmune dacryoadenitis.
A novel mutation in the proteolytic domain of LONP1 causes atypical CODAS syndrome.
Conjunctival impression cytology evaluation of patients with dry eye disease using scleral contact lenses.
Neuromyelitis optica--complication or comorbidity in primary Sjögren's syndrome?
Excess atherosclerosis in systemic lupus erythematosus,-A matter of renal involvement: Case control study of 281 SLE patients and 281 individually matched population controls.
Canadian Rheumatology Association Meeting, The Westin Ottawa, Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, February 8-11, 2017.
Age-related spontaneous lacrimal keratoconjunctivitis is accompanied by dysfunctional T regulatory cells.
Intralesional Rituximab for the Treatment of Recurrent Ocular Adnexal Lymphoma.
Electron contamination in clinical high energy photon beams.
Ectopic lymphoid neogenesis in rheumatic autoimmune diseases.
Subacute Cutaneous Lupus Erythematosus: Clinical Characteristics, Disease Associations, Treatments, and Outcomes in a Series of 90 Patients at Mayo Clinic, 1996-2011.
Abatacept treatment of patients with primary Sjögren's syndrome results in a decrease of germinal centres in salivary gland tissue.
Association and attraction of blueberry maggot fly Curran (Diptera: Tephritidae) to Pantoea (Enterobacter) agglomerans.
Correlation Between the Inflammatory Marker HLA-DR and Signs and Symptoms in Moderate to Severe Dry Eye Disease.
[Endocrinology and interdisciplinary consultation in internal medicine : Illustrated using the example of polyglandular autoimmune syndrome].
Neonatal lupus: Follow-up in infants with anti-SSA/Ro antibodies and review of the literature.
Spontaneous Canalicular Plug Erosion After Punctal Plug Placement.
Adjuvants- and vaccines-induced autoimmunity: animal models.
An unexpected role for the yeast nucleotide exchange factor Sil1 as a reductant acting on the molecular chaperone BiP.
Flunarizine rescues reduced lifespan in CLN3 triple knock-out Caenorhabditis elegans model of batten disease.
[Practice guideline 'Adenoid and tonsil disorders in secondary care'].
Isolated Ro52 Antibodies as Immunological Marker of a Mild Phenotype of Undifferentiated Connective Tissue Diseases.
Lactate at the crossroads of metabolism, inflammation, and autoimmunity.
Relevance of different biological assays in assessing initiating and promoting properties of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons with respect to carcinogenic potency.
Stepwise comparative status analysis (STEP): a tool for identification of regional brain syndromes in dementia.
Interaction of the C-polysaccharide of Streptococcus pneumoniae with the receptor asialo-GM1.
Electromyography monitoring of patients with salivary gland diseases.
[System manifestations of primary biliary cirrhosis].
Fungal infection involvement in primary biliary cirrhosis: A review of 2 cases.
Assessment of the Tear Meniscus by Strip Meniscometry and Keratograph in Patients With Dry Eye Disease According to the Presence of Meibomian Gland Dysfunction.
A Negative Antinuclear Antibody Does Not Indicate Autoantibody Negativity in Myositis: Role of Anticytoplasmic Antibody as a Screening Test for Antisynthetase Syndrome.
[Diagnostic significance of anti-collectin 11 in systemic lupus erythematosus].
[Significance of v-raf murine sarcoma viral oncogene homologue B1 in rheumatoid arthritis].
Erratum to: Prevalence, sensitivity and specificity of antibodies against carbamylated proteins in a monocentric cohort of patients with rheumatoid arthritis and other autoimmune rheumatic diseases.
The association of other autoimmune diseases in patients with autoimmune thyroiditis: Review of the literature and report of a large series of patients.
Clues for previously undiagnosed connective tissue disease in patients with trigeminal neuralgia.
Cure of established, intracerebral rat gliomas induced by therapeutic immunizations with tumor cells and purified APC or adjuvant IFN-gamma treatment.
Oral mucosa biology and salivary biomarkers.
Three cases of localized cutaneous nodular amyloidosis in patients with limited systemic sclerosis and a brief literature review.
Clinical features and management of non-gastrointestinal non-ocular extranodal mucosa associated lymphoid tissue (ENMALT) marginal zone lymphomas.
The clinical utility of serum IL-35 in patients with polymyositis and dermatomyositis.
[Significance of glucose-6-phosphate isomerase assay in early diagnosis of rheumatoid arthritis].
Clinical characteristics of immune thrombocytopenia associated with autoimmune disease: A retrospective study.
Association of Dry Eye Tests With Extraocular Signs Among 3514 Participants in the Sjögren's Syndrome International Registry.
[Extrahepatic manifestations of HCV infection].
Transcriptomic Segregation of Human Autoantigens Useful for the Diagnosis of Autoimmune Diseases.
Mucosal immunity and self-tolerance in the ocular surface system.
Is it relevant to screen young women hospitalized in psychiatric department for neuropsychiatric systemic lupus erythematosus (NPSLE)?: A prospective study of 100 psychiatric inpatients.
[Clinical analysis of fourteen cases with neuromyelitis optica spectrum disorders].
Imaging of Pulmonary Manifestations of Connective Tissue Diseases.
The role of dinucleoside polyphosphates on the ocular surface and other eye structures.
Monitoring of fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase by formation of pyrenedecanoic acid from pyrenedecanal.
[Clinical characteristics and associated risk factors of cytomegalovirus infection in patients with underlying systemic Rheumatic diseases].
What's in the Literature?
Comparison of Screening Dilution and Automated Reading for Antinuclear Antibody Detection on HEP2 Cells in the Monitoring of Connective Tissue Diseases.
Sex differences in the incidence of skin and skin-related diseases in Olmsted County, Minnesota, United States, and a comparison with other rates published worldwide.
The structure and phylogeny of a new family of human endogenous retroviruses.
Vitamin D and Its Relevance in the Etiopathogenesis of Oral Cavity Diseases.
Major Salivary Gland Ultrasonography in the Diagnosis of Sjögren's Syndrome: A Place in the Diagnostic Criteria?
Increased Serum Levels of Anti-Carbamylated 78-kDa Glucose-Regulated Protein Antibody in Patients with Rheumatoid Arthritis.
A phase II investigator-initiated pilot study with low-dose cyclosporine A for the treatment of articular involvement in primary Sjögren's syndrome.
Laboratory Investigations for Diagnosis of Autoimmune and Inflammatory Periocular Disease: Part I.
Symptoms and sickleave among forestry machine operators working with pronated hands.
Estimation of prophylactic measures in Swedish public dental health care. Results from a questionnaire.
Evaluation of liver histology, ALT elevation, and HCV RNA titer in patients with chronic hepatitis C.
Enhanced IgG4 production by follicular helper 2 T cells and the involvement of follicular helper 1 T cells in the pathogenesis of IgG4-related disease.
Enhanced Expression of Bruton's Tyrosine Kinase in B Cells Drives Systemic Autoimmunity by Disrupting T Cell Homeostasis.
Xerostomia: current streams of investigation.
Use of Biologics in Sjögren's Syndrome.
Standards for the assessment of salivary glands - an update.
Origin of B-Cell Neoplasms in Autoimmune Disease.
Impact of Connective Tissue Disease on Oncologic Breast Surgery and Reconstruction.
Tear Interferometric Patterns Reflect Clinical Tear Dynamics in Dry Eye Patients.
Comprehensive Evaluation of Medical Conditions Associated with Risk of Non-Hodgkin Lymphoma using Medicare Claims ("MedWAS").
Prevalence of musculoskeletal disorders and rheumatic diseases in the indigenous Qom population of Rosario, Argentina.
Genetic association study of systemic lupus erythematosus and disease subphenotypes in European populations.
The Long-term Efficacy and Safety of Fecal Microbiota Transplant for Recurrent, Severe, and Complicated Clostridium difficile Infection in 146 Elderly Individuals.
Extrahepatic manifestations in patients with chronic hepatitis C virus infection.
Boson peak in supercooled liquids: time domain observations and mode coupling theory.
A nationwide study of the epidemiology of relapsing polychondritis.
Diffuse Cystic Lung Diseases: Diagnostic Considerations.
Causes of neuropathy in patients referred as "idiopathic neuropathy".
Immunologic rheumatic disorders.
A phase II dose finding study of darbepoetin alpha and filgrastim for the management of anaemia and neutropenia in chronic hepatitis C treatment.
Focal myositis presenting as pseudothrombophlebitis of the arm.
Psychological complications after stillbirth--influence of memories and immediate management: population based study.
Charges extracted from dental ceramics: an indication of piezoelectric activity?
Stereoselective pharmacokinetics of methadone in chronic pain patients.
Sil1-Mutant Mice Elucidate Chaperone Function in Neurological Disorders.
Long-term Sequelae of Stevens-Johnson Syndrome/Toxic Epidermal Necrolysis.
Amyloid-associated Cystic Lung Disease.
The Use of the Esclera Scleral Contact Lens in the Treatment of Moderate to Severe Dry Eye Disease.
[Sjögren's syndrome and acute renal failure after oral surgery].
Bilateral painful parotid lumps and a lump in the groin: An uncommon presentation of common Kikuchi's disease.
Case report of Mikulicz's disease: A modern concept of an old entity.
[Refractory encephalitis because of seronegative celiac disease: a case report].
Connective tissue diseases and autoimmune thyroid disorders in the first trimester of pregnancy.
Enhancement of Separation Efficiency in Capillary Electrophoresis by Electrostacking without Liquid Contact.
Optimization of radioiodination and biotinylation of monoclonal antibody chimeric BR96: an indirect labeling using N-succinimidyl-3-(tri-n-butylstannyl)benzoate conjugate.
The Prevalence of Atherosclerosis in Those with Inflammatory Connective Tissue Disease by Race, Age, and Traditional Risk Factors.
Long-Term Health Outcomes in Women With Silicone Gel Breast Implants: A Systematic Review.
Association of Intraocular Pressure Changes With Right Ventricular Diameter and Brain Natriuretic Peptide in a Case of Pulmonary Arterial Hypertension.
CAV3 mutation in a patient with transient hyperCKemia and myalgia.
The Effect of Autologous Platelet Lysate Eye Drops: An In Vivo Confocal Microscopy Study.
[Autoimmune diseases with the presence of anti-ku antibodies - analysis of three cases].
Overview of IgG4-Related Tubulointerstitial Nephritis and Its Mimickers.
Neutrophilic Epitheliotropism is a Histopathological Clue to Neutrophilic Urticarial Dermatosis.
Role of disease in initiating the crashes of fatally injured drivers.
Determination of advanced glycation end-products on IgG in liver cirrhosis.
[Research Advances of A New Co-stimulatory Molecule-B7 Homolog 6--Review].
DNA Microarray Analysis of Submandibular Glands in IgG4-Related Disease Indicates a Role for MARCO and Other Innate Immune-Related Proteins.
Comorbid autoimmune diseases in patients with vitiligo: A cross-sectional study.
Ocular Involvement in Systemic Autoimmune Diseases.
State-of-the-Art Imaging of the Lung for Connective Tissue Disease (CTD).
Advances in the treatment of ocular dryness associated with Sjögren׳s syndrome.
Primary Sjogren's Syndrome Presenting as Acute Interstitial Pneumonitis/Hamman-Rich Syndrome.
Clinical features and outcome of acute exacerbation of interstitial pneumonia associated with connective tissue disease.
Serum calprotectin--a promising diagnostic marker for adult-onset Still's disease.
Immunotherapy Prospects for Painful Small-fiber Sensory Neuropathies and Ganglionopathies.
Non-celiac gluten sensitivity and rheumatic diseases.
Multiple infectious pseudoaneurysms: An autopsy case.
Corneal Sensitivity in Tear Dysfunction and its Correlation With Clinical Parameters and Blink Rate.
The role of adrenal scintigraphy in the preoperative management of primary aldosteronism.
The influence of small aerosol particles on the properties of water and ice clouds.
Interleukin-22 Secreted by NKp44+ Natural Killer Cells Promotes Proliferation of Fibroblast-Like Synoviocytes in Rheumatoid Arthritis.
Association of complement factor B allotypes and serum biomarkers in rheumatoid arthritis patients and their relatives.
Inter-grader Agreement of the Ocular Staining Score in the Sjögren's International Clinical Collaborative Alliance (SICCA) Registry.
Disseminated implantation of peritoneal trophoblastic tissue secondary to laparoscopic removal of a tubal pregnancy.
Oral manifestations of connective tissue disease and novel therapeutic approaches.
Low-intensity pulsed ultrasound rescues insufficient salivary secretion in autoimmune sialadenitis.
Clinicopathological Features of Type 2 Autoimmune Pancreatitis in Japan: Results of a Multicenter Survey.
Novel SIL1 mutations cause cerebellar ataxia and atrophy in a French-Canadian family.
[Cryoglobulinemia in a Tunisian internal medicine department].
Rituximab therapy in primary Sjögren's syndrome.
Devic's syndrome as initial presentation of systemic lupus erythematosus.
Association between previously unknown connective tissue disease and subclinical hypothyroidism diagnosed during first trimester of pregnancy.
Nonspecific interstitial pneumonia overlaps organizing pneumonia in lung-dominant connective tissue disease.
Familial Aggregation of Systemic Lupus Erythematosus and Coaggregation of Autoimmune Diseases in Affected Families.
SAXS fingerprints of aldehyde dehydrogenase oligomers.
Risk Factors for Autoimmune Diseases Development After Thrombotic Thrombocytopenic Purpura.
Facial Weakness, Otalgia, and Hemifacial Spasm: A Novel Neurological Syndrome in a Case-Series of 3 Patients With Rheumatic Disease.
Phytol in a pharma-medico-stance.
Features of anti-aquaporin 4 antibody-seropositive Chinese patients with neuromyelitis optica spectrum optic neuritis.
Mosaic Tetrasomy 9p: A Mendelian Condition Associated With Pediatric-Onset Overlap Myositis.
Animal models to assess the therapeutic efficacy of human serum and serum-converted platelet lysates for dry eye syndrome: Seeing is believing.
Pathology of Sarcoidosis.
The orphan receptor GPR55 is a novel cannabinoid receptor.
[Complete metabolic pathway of sphingosine 1-phosphate and its importance as a metabolic intermediate].
Management of cancer pain in Denmark: a nationwide questionnaire survey.
The Diagnostic Utility of Single Long Contiguous Stretches of Homozygosity in Patients without Parental Consanguinity.
[Analysis for differences in clinical and radiologic findings between patients with cryptogenic organizing pneumonia and connective tissue disorder related organizing pneumonia].
Undifferentiated connective tissue disease: a seven-center cross-sectional study of 184 patients.
Related factors of fetal loss in Chinese women with systemic lupus erythematosus: data from Chinese SLE Treatment and Research Group registry IV.
The coexistence of Sjögren's syndrome and primary biliary cirrhosis: a comprehensive review.
Population-based study of autoimmune conditions and the risk of specific lymphoid malignancies.
Immunohistological analysis for immunological response and mechanism of interstitial fibrosis in IgG4-related kidney disease.
Histopathology of lung disease in the connective tissue diseases.
Lactoferrin-loaded contact lenses: eye protection against oxidative stress.
Variability of Tear Osmolarity in Patients With Dry Eye.
SPECT radiopharmaceuticals for imaging chronic inflammatory diseases in the last decade.
High prevalence of inclusion body myositis in Norway; a population-based clinical epidemiology study.
High-resolution HLA analysis of primary and secondary Sjögren's syndrome: a common immunogenetic background in Mexican patients.
Tocilizumab for refractory organising pneumonia associated with Sjögren's disease.
Four Anti-dsDNA Antibody Assays in Relation to Systemic Lupus Erythematosus Disease Specificity and Activity.
Increased Tear Fluid Production as a Compensatory Response to Meibomian Gland Loss: A Multicenter Cross-sectional Study.
Calcium phosphate stone morphology can reliably predict distal renal tubular acidosis.
The p53 gene in breast cancer: prognostic value of complementary DNA sequencing versus immunohistochemistry.
[A 2-year-old girl with a generalized scaling of the skin and developmental delay].
Ultrasound findings in fetal congenital heart block associated with maternal anti-Ro/SSA and Anti-La/SSB antibodies.
Development of compost maturity and Actinobacteria populations during full-scale composting of organic household waste.
Prevalence of non-organ-specific autoantibodies in patients with pemphigus vulgaris.
[On the borders of the neurology and the rheumatology].
A follow-up study of five cases of aluminosis.
Psychic and social consequences of women in relation to memories of a stillborn child: a pilot study.
Extracorporeal immunoadsorption from whole blood based on the avidin-biotin concept. Evaluation of a new method.
Effects on the nervous system among welders exposed to aluminium and manganese.
Prevalence of thyroid dysfunction in systemic lupus erythematosus.
Sil1, a nucleotide exchange factor for BiP, is not required for antibody assembly or secretion.
Association testing of common variants in the insulin receptor substrate-1 gene (IRS1) with type 2 diabetes.
[A case of anti-AQP4 antibody-positive recurrent myelitis overlapped with autoimmune disorders including incomplete CREST syndrome revealed multiple discontinuous cord lesions].
[A case of chronic progressive motor-dominant multiple mononeuritis associated with primary Sjögren's syndrome].
Parkinsonism and Sjögren's Syndrome: A Fortuitous Association or a Shared Immunopathogenesis?
Management of the marginal zone lymphomas.
Serum IgG subclasses in autoimmune diseases.
Single amino acid polymorphism in aldehyde dehydrogenase gene superfamily.
Acute longitudinal myelitis following Cryptococcus laurentii pneumonia in a patient with systemic lupus erythematosus.
Prevalence and risk factors of dry eye disease among a hospital-based population in southeast China.
Thoracic manifestations of connective tissue diseases.
Influence of physical and chemical characteristics of diesel fuels and exhaust emissions on biological effects of particle extracts: a multivariate statistical analysis of ten diesel fuels.
Fluoride in the interdental area after two different post-brushing water rinsing procedures.
GITR+ regulatory T cells in the treatment of autoimmune diseases.
Establishment of functional acinar-like cultures from human salivary glands.
Gene therapy of the rheumatic diseases: 1998 to 2008.
Sjögren's, Renal Tubular Acidosis And Osteomalacia - An Asian Indian Series.
Hepatitis C: extrahepatic manifestations.
Absence of BiP co-chaperone DNAJC3 causes diabetes mellitus and multisystemic neurodegeneration.
Case 212: chronic lymphocytic inflammation with pontine perivascular enhancement responsive to steroids.
A new overgrowth syndrome is due to mutations in RNF125.
Improvement in Bone Mineral Density and Architecture in a Patient with Gaucher Disease Using Teriparatide.
Identification of heat shock protein 27 as a novel autoantigen of Behçet's disease.
Rosai-Dorfman disease: a report of eight cases in a tertiary care center and a review of the literature.
Matrix metalloproteinase 9 and transglutaminase 2 expression at the ocular surface in patients with different forms of dry eye disease.
Risk factors and characterization of vitiligo and alopecia areata in patients with chronic graft-vs-host disease.
Genetics of transfusion recipient alloimmunization: can clues from susceptibility to autoimmunity pave the way?
Utility of expiratory thin-section CT for fibrotic interstitial pneumonia.
Autoantibody frequency in celiac disease.
Immune profile of squamous metaplasia development in autoimmune regulator-deficient dry eye.
Raynaud syndrome.
Anticyclic citrullinated peptide antibodies in rheumatoid and nonrheumatoid rheumatic disorders: experience with 1162 patients.
Enhanced radioimmunotargeting of 125I-labeled L6-biotin monoclonal antibody (MAb) by combining preload of cold L6 MAb and subsequent immunoadsorption in rats.
The nuclear IκB family protein IκBNS influences the susceptibility to experimental autoimmune encephalomyelitis in a murine model.
A phase II clinical trial of a natural formulation containing tea catechins for xerostomia.
Autoimmune diseases associated with non-Hodgkin lymphoma: a nationwide cohort study.
Skin cancer risk in autoimmune connective tissue diseases.
Sonoelastography--a useful adjunct for parotid gland ultrasound assessment in patients suffering from chronic inflammation.
Epilepsy in systemic autoimmune disorders.
Ocular inflammation in neurorheumatic disease.
The cellular dermal infiltrate in experimental immediate type cutaneous hypersensitivity.
Autoimmune pancreatitis. A report of 5 cases from Tunisia: diagnostic challenge.
[The most common rheumatic diseases in patients with autoimmune liver disease in the Hospital Arzobispo Loayza from 2008-2013, Lima, Peru].
Emerging role of infectious etiologies in the pathogenesis of marginal zone B-cell lymphomas.
Bacteriologic profile of the conjunctiva in the patients with dry eye.
Irreducible memory function and slow dynamics in disordered systems.
A favorable effect of hydroxychloroquine on glucose and lipid metabolism beyond its anti-inflammatory role.
Medical history, lifestyle, family history, and occupational risk factors for follicular lymphoma: the InterLymph Non-Hodgkin Lymphoma Subtypes Project.
Identification of fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase in the breakdown of phytol to phytanic acid.
An international two-stage genome-wide search for schizophrenia susceptibility genes.
Genome-wide association studies in Sjögren's syndrome: What do the genes tell us about disease pathogenesis?
A case series of autoimmune diseases accompanied by incidentally diagnosed monoclonal gammopathy: is there a link between the two diseases?
Wetting the whistle: neurotropic factor improves salivary function.
IP-10 in autoimmune thyroiditis.
Increased proportion of CD8+ tumor responsive T cells after immunization with tum- versus tum+ rat glioma.
Inhibition of activation of human T lymphocytes by the complement C1 esterase inhibitor.
Activation of HIF-1α (hypoxia inducible factor-1α) prevents dry eye-induced acinar cell death in the lacrimal gland.
Ophthalmic manifestations of IgG4-related disease: single-center experience and literature review.
Prevalence and clinical associations of anti-Ku antibodies in systemic autoimmune diseases.
Distinct signatures of B-cell homeostatic and activation-dependent chemokine receptors in the development and progression of extragastric MALT lymphomas.
Acute effects of exposure to vapours of dioxane in humans.
Fatty acid handling protein expression in adipose tissue, fatty acid composition of adipose tissue and serum, and markers of insulin resistance.
Association of eosinophilic fasciitis with morphea.
[Connective tissue diseases in hospital practice in Ouagadougou (Burkina Faso)].
Neurological adverse events related to lip biopsy in patients suspicious for Sjögren's syndrome: a systematic review and prevalence meta-analysis.
Sensory neuronopathy complicating systemic lupus erythematosus: a case report.
[Epidemiology, clinical spectrum of ALS and differential diagnoses].
Population-level evidence for an autoimmune etiology of epilepsy.
Ceramic inlays (Cerec) cemented with either a dual-cured or a chemically cured composite resin luting agent. A 2-year clinical study.
Tissue reaction to gutta-percha particles of various sizes when implanted subcutaneously in guinea pigs.
[Sjögren's syndrome with solitary nodular pulmonary amyloidosis].
Elevated EPSTI1 promote B cell hyperactivation through NF-κB signalling in patients with primary Sjögren's syndrome.
Bcl6 for identification of germinal centres in salivary gland biopsies in primary Sjögren's syndrome.
Is the taste acuity affected by oral dryness in primary Sjögren's syndrome patients?
Neurologic complications of rheumatic disease.
High incidence of gastrointestinal tract disorders and autoimmunity in primary cutaneous marginal zone B-cell lymphomas.
Complementary therapy with traditional Chinese medicine for a patient with Sjögren's syndrome: A case report.
Gene expression profiling of epithelium-associated FcRL4<sup>+</sup> B cells in primary Sjögren's syndrome reveals a pathogenic signature.
Correction of autophagy impairment inhibits pathology in the NOD.H-2h4 mouse model of primary Sjögren's syndrome.
Lymphotoxin targeted to salivary and lacrimal glands induces tertiary lymphoid organs and cervical lymphadenopathy and reduces tear production.
Recurrent breast amyloidosis associated with Sjögren's syndrome: A case report with description of the radiologic-pathologic correlation.
Alleviating effect of paeoniflorin-6'-O-benzene sulfonate in antigen-induced experimental Sjögren's syndrome by modulating B lymphocyte migration via CXCR5-GRK2-ERK/p38 signaling pathway.
Hematological malignancies in connective tissue diseases.
Usefulness of a deep learning system for diagnosing Sjögren's syndrome using ultrasonography images.
Thrombotic Thrombocytopenic Purpura Treated with Rituximab Associated with Primary Sjögren's Syndrome and Primary Hypothyroidism.
Saliva microbiome in primary Sjögren's syndrome reveals distinct set of disease-associated microbes.
Comparison of diagnostic tests in distinct well-defined conditions related to dry eye disease.
Whole-exome sequence analysis of ataxia telangiectasia-like phenotype.
Autologous non-myeloablative haematopoietic stem cell transplantation for refractory systemic vasculitis.
Predictive modeling of aspirin-triggered resolvin D1 pharmacokinetics for the study of Sjögren's syndrome.
Vitamin D and connective tissue diseases.
Serum immunoglobulin G4 in Sjögren's syndrome: a pilot study.
Single-photon emission computed tomography/computed tomography for evaluation of salivary gland dysfunction: preliminary study on diagnostic ability of maximum standardized uptake value.
High prevalence of parotideal abnormalities among HCV infected patients.
SIL1, a causative cochaperone gene of Marinesco-Söjgren syndrome, plays an essential role in establishing the architecture of the developing cerebral cortex.
Distinct antibody profile: a clue to primary antiphospholipid syndrome evolving into systemic lupus erythematosus?
Environmental factors in the pathogenesis of primary Sjögren's syndrome.
Hypergammaglobulinemic purpura of Waldenström in children.
Characteristics of diffuse large B-cell lymphoma in patients with primary Sjögren's syndrome.
Sialographic analysis of parotid ductal abnormalities associated with Sjogren's syndrome.
Clinical, morphological features and prognostic factors associated with interstitial lung disease in primary Sjӧgren's syndrome: A systematic review from the Italian Society of Rheumatology.
Sjögren's syndrome in children with recurrent parotitis.
Increased risk of multiple myeloma in primary Sjögren's syndrome is limited to individuals with Ro/SSA and La/SSB autoantibodies.
The -374 T/A polymorphism in the gene encoding RAGE is associated with diabetic nephropathy and retinopathy in type 1 diabetic patients.
Predictors of recurrence following an initial episode of transverse myelitis.
[Comparison of tests for SS-A/Ro, Ro52 and Ro60 in predicting congenital heart block].
Mannose binding lectin and susceptibility to rheumatoid arthritis in Brazilian patients and their relatives.
Systemic autoimmune rheumatic disease prevalence in Canada: updated analyses across 7 provinces.
18F-FDG PET scanning in pulmonary amyloidosis.
Increased CD200 levels in peripheral blood mononuclear cells of patients with primary Sjögren's syndrome.
Catalpol ameliorates Sjögren's Syndrome by modulating interplay of T and B cells.
Quantitative analysis for modified Schall's classification by stimulation test with dynamic scintigraphy in Sjögren's syndrome.
Serum levels of interleukin-34 and clinical correlation in patients with primary Sjögren's syndrome.
Prevalence, correlates, and impact of sleep disturbance in Chinese patients with primary Sjögren's syndrome.
Response to: 'Can solid-phase assays replace immunofluorescence for ANA screening?' by Bizzaro.
Sjögren's Syndrome with Cerebral Venous Sinus Thrombosis: A Case Report and Literature Review.
The 2019 American College of Rheumatology/European League Against Rheumatism classification criteria for IgG4-related disease.
Antigen-driven selection of antibodies against SSA, SSB and the centromere 'complex', including a novel antigen, MIS12 complex, in human salivary glands.
Pathological consequences of anti-citrullinated protein antibodies in tear fluid and therapeutic potential of pooled human immune globulin-eye drops in dry eye disease.
Cytometry by time of flight identifies distinct signatures in patients with systemic sclerosis, systemic lupus erythematosus and Sjögrens syndrome.
NSAID-induced corneal melt: Clinical importance, pathogenesis, and risk mitigation.
Determination of Anti-nuclear Antibody Pattern Distribution and Clinical Relationship.
Mesenchymal stem cell therapy for salivary gland dysfunction and xerostomia: a systematic review of preclinical studies.
Perceptions of dry eye disease management in current clinical practice.
Targeted therapies in systemic sclerosis, myositis, antiphospholipid syndrome, and Sjögren's syndrome.
The microbiome in autoimmune rheumatic disease.
Efficacy of dupilumab reveals therapeutic target for IgG4-related disease: simultaneous control of inflammation and fibrosis.
<i>In vitro</i> impact of bisphenol A on maturation and function of monocyte-derived dendritic cells in patients with primary Sjögren's syndrome.
Heart-lung transplantation: A viable option for connective tissue diseases.
Germline genetic patterns underlying familial rheumatoid arthritis, systemic lupus erythematosus and primary Sjögren's syndrome highlight T cell-initiated autoimmunity.
Predictive models of hepatotoxicity using gene expression data from primary rat hepatocytes.
Autoantibody-Mediated Dysfunction of Salivary Glands Leads to Xerostomia in SKG Mice.
Primary Sjogren's syndrome: a great masquerader.
Quantitative Mass Spectrometric Analysis of Autoantibodies as a Paradigm Shift in Autoimmune Serology.
JAK Inhibitors and Oxidative Stress Control.
Sjögren's syndrome: Old and new therapeutic targets.
Residual salivary secretion ability may be a useful marker for differential diagnosis in autoimmune diseases.
A case of autoimmune urticaria accompanying autoimmune polyglandular syndrome type III associated with Hashimoto's disease, type 1 diabetes mellitus, and vitiligo.
Spectrum of Histomorphologic Findings in Liver in Patients with SLE: A Review.
[CXCR3 and CXCL10 in autoimmune thyroiditis].
Plummer-Vinson syndrome with pectus carinatum mitral valve prolapsus and exotropia in an 18-year-old boy.
Toward better outcomes in Sjögren's syndrome: The promise of a stratified medicine approach.
Type I IFN system activation in newborns exposed to Ro/SSA and La/SSB autoantibodies in utero.
Linking genetic variation with epigenetic profiles in Sjögren's syndrome.
Molecular typing of cryoglobulins by mass spectrometry.
Telomere erosion in Sjögren's syndrome: A multi-tissue comparative analysis.
Galectin-9 reflects the interferon signature and correlates with disease activity in systemic autoimmune diseases. Response to: 'Biomarkers: to be or not to be' by Yavuz and Rönnblom.
Antinuclear autoantibodies: discordance among four different assays.
Genetic contributors and soluble mediators in prediction of autoimmune comorbidity.
Predictive markers of lymphomagenesis in Sjögren's syndrome: From clinical data to molecular stratification.
Assessment of atrioventricular conduction by echocardiography and magnetocardiography in normal and anti-Ro/SSA-antibody-positive pregnancies.
Hydroxycholoroquine-induced hyperpigmentation.
Clinical Analysis: Aqueous-Deficient and Meibomian Gland Dysfunction in Patients With Primary Sjogren's Syndrome.
RORγt antagonist improves Sjögren's syndrome-like sialadenitis through downregulation of CD25.
Neuro-Sweet disease in a Japanese woman with Sjögren's syndrome.
Case report on a 32-year-old female with elevated serum creatinine levels and primary Sjögren's syndrome-chronic interstitial nephritis.
Mirt2 functions in synergy with miR-377 to participate in inflammatory pathophysiology of Sjögren's syndrome.
Protein-losing gastroenteropathy with severe hypoalbuminemia associated with Sjögren's syndrome: A case report and review of the literature.
Primary Sjögren's syndrome with multiple calcifications in parotid glands.
Mesenchymal stem cell transplantation alleviates experimental Sjögren's syndrome through IFN-β/IL-27 signaling axis.
Serum Clusterin and Complement Factor H May Be Biomarkers Differentiate Primary Sjögren's Syndrome With and Without Neuromyelitis Optica Spectrum Disorder.
Large granular lymphocyte expansions in primary Sjögren's syndrome: characteristics and outcomes.
Dual function of miR-1248 links interferon induction and calcium signaling defects in Sjögren's syndrome.
Aquaporin-4-IgG positive neuromyelitis optica spectrum disorder and systemic autoimmune diseases overlap syndrome: a single-center experience.
Variants at potential loci associated with Sjogren's syndrome in Koreans: A genetic association study.
Cooperative assembly of IFI16 filaments on dsDNA provides insights into host defense strategy.
Essential mixed cryoglobulinemia manifesting as recurrent perioral edema: report of a case.
Endoplasmic reticulum stress in autoimmune diseases.
Two-Dimensional Shear Wave Elastography in the Assessment of Salivary Gland Involvement in Primary Sjögren's Syndrome.
LncRNA PVT1 links Myc to glycolytic metabolism upon CD4<sup>+</sup> T cell activation and Sjögren's syndrome-like autoimmune response.
Epigenetic perspectives on systemic autoimmune disease.
Gliotoxin induces caspase-dependent neurite degeneration and calpain-mediated general cytotoxicity in differentiated human neuroblastoma SH-SY5Y cells.
Bilateral corneal melting associated with topical diclofenac 0.1% after cataract surgery in a patient with Sjögren's syndrome.
Dysregulated interleukin 11 in primary Sjögren's syndrome contributes to apoptosis of glandular epithelial cells.
New 2019 SLE EULAR/ACR classification criteria are valuable for distinguishing patients with SLE from patients with pSS.
Characteristics and risk factors for pulmonary arterial hypertension associated with primary Sjögren's syndrome: 15 new cases from a single center.
Determinants of diagnosis and disease course in primary Sjögren's syndrome: Results from datamining of electronic health records.
Preliminary study on the application of deep learning system to diagnosis of Sjögren's syndrome on CT images.
Impact of sleep quality on clinical features of primary Sjögren's syndrome.
Immunological alterations in hepatitis C virus infection.
Oral diseases associated with hepatitis C virus infection. Part 1. sialadenitis and salivary glands lymphoma.
Multicentric Castleman disease with TAFRO syndrome and Sjögren's.
Assisted reproductive technologies for women with rheumatic AID.
Recurrent aseptic meningitis: A rare clinical presentation of Sjogren's syndrome.
Could we use salivary gland ultrasonography as a prognostic marker in Sjogren's syndrome? Response to: 'Ultrasonographic damages of major salivary glands are associated with cryoglobulinemic vasculitis and lymphoma in primary Sjogren's syndrome: are the ultrasonographic features of the salivary glands new prognostic markers in Sjogren's syndrome?' by Coiffier <i>et al</i>.
Patient-reported outcomes of autologous serum tears for the treatment of dry eye disease in a large cohort.
Anti-centrosome antibodies: Prevalence and disease association in Chinese population.
Concomitant Ro/SSA and La/SSB antibodies are biomarkers for the risk of venous thromboembolism and cerebral infarction in primary Sjögren's syndrome.
Identification of differentially expressed genes in primary Sjögren's syndrome.
Geoepidemiology of Sjögren's syndrome in Latin America.
The risk of Sjogren's syndrome in the older adults with gout: A medicare claims study.
Granulomatous Mastitis: A Rare Case with Sjogren's Syndrome and Complications.
Suspected inflammatory rheumatic diseases in patients presenting with skin rashes.
Ultrasonographic damages of major salivary glands are associated with cryoglobulinemic vasculitis and lymphoma in primary Sjogren's syndrome: are the ultrasonographic features of the salivary glands new prognostic markers in Sjogren's syndrome?
Response to: 'Ultrasonographic salivary gland evaluation in systemic sclerosis: is sicca syndrome secondary to an authentic overlap syndrome or another specific fibrotic manifestation of the disease?' by Coiffier <i>et al</i>.
Coexistence of Mixed Connective Tissue Disease and Familial Mediterranean Fever in a Japanese Patient.
AP-VAS 2012 case report: a case of lupus nephritis with predominant synchronous cellular crescent formation and myeloperoxidase-antineutrophil cytoplasmic antibody seropositivity.
Identification and Characterization of Post-activated B Cells in Systemic Autoimmune Diseases.
Autoantibodies to Killer Cell Immunoglobulin-Like Receptors in Patients With Systemic Lupus Erythematosus Induce Natural Killer Cell Hyporesponsiveness.
Plasmacytoid DCs From Patients With Sjögren's Syndrome Are Transcriptionally Primed for Enhanced Pro-inflammatory Cytokine Production.
Spontaneous Model of Sjögren's Syndrome in NOD Mice.
Sicca Syndrome Associated with Immune Checkpoint Inhibitor Therapy.
Spastic paraplegia in a 4-year-old boy.
Circulating CCR7<sup>lo</sup>PD-1<sup>hi</sup> Follicular Helper T Cells Indicate Disease Activity and Glandular Inflammation in Patients with Primary Sjögren's Syndrome.
A case with acquired lacrimal fistula due to Sjögren's syndrome.
Articular and Peripheral Nervous System Involvement Are Linked to the Long-Term Outcome in Primary Sjögren's Syndrome: The Relevance of Single Organ Manifestations Rather Than a Composite Score as Predictors.
Blockade of CD40-CD154 pathway interactions suppresses ectopic lymphoid structures and inhibits pathology in the NOD/ShiLtJ mouse model of Sjögren's syndrome.
Danger signals in oral cavity-related diseases.
The Effects of Noninvasive Vagus Nerve Stimulation on Fatigue and Immune Responses in Patients With Primary Sjögren's Syndrome.
Unusual Multiorgan Immunoglobulin G4 (IgG4) Inflammation: Autoimmune Pancreatitis, Mikulicz Syndrome, and IgG4 Mastitis.
Dacryoendoscopic findings of intracanalicular punctal plug migration with or without canaliculitis.
In vivo and in vitro effects of muscarinic receptor antagonists on contractions and release of [3H]acetylcholine in the rabbit urinary bladder.
[Continuous subcutaneous infusion of opioids in cancer patients].
Autoimmune disease preceding amyotrophic lateral sclerosis: an epidemiologic study.
Deletion of ATG5 shows a role of autophagy in salivary homeostatic control.
A case of recalcitrant acute generalized exanthematous pustulosis with Sjogren's syndrome: Successfully treated with low-dose cyclosporine.
Recent advances in the search for a targeted immunomodulatory therapy for primary Sjögren's syndrome.
MicroRNA-130a Contributes to Type-2 Classical DC-activation in Sjögren's Syndrome by Targeting Mitogen- and Stress-Activated Protein Kinase-1.
Disease activity and patient reported outcome measures in Sjögren's - what are the best tools to evaluate?
Orofacial Motor Functions and Temporomandibular Disorders in Patients with Sjögren's Syndrome.
World Workshop on Oral Medicine VII: Immunobiologics for salivary gland disease in Sjögren's syndrome: A systematic review.
The pipeline of targeted therapies under clinical development for primary Sjögren's syndrome: A systematic review of trials.
Aldehyde dehydrogenase 3 converts farnesal into farnesoic acid in the corpora allata of mosquitoes.
Autoimmunity-related neutrophilic dermatosis: a newly described entity that is not exclusive of systemic lupus erythematosus.
Neuromyelitis optica and non organ-specific autoimmunity.
Shared and Unique Patterns of DNA Methylation in Systemic Lupus Erythematosus and Primary Sjögren's Syndrome.
The 15% rule in scleroderma: the frequency of severe organ complications in systemic sclerosis. A systematic review.
Comorbidity and long-term outcome in patients with congenital heart block and their siblings exposed to Ro/SSA autoantibodies in utero.
Free light chains and autoimmunity.
Normal vaginal microbiome in women with primary Sjögren's syndrome-associated vaginal dryness.
Serum and urinary macrophage migration inhibitory factor (MIF) in primary Sjögren's syndrome.
Inflammatory Optic Neuritis: From Multiple Sclerosis to Neuromyelitis Optica.
Spdef null mice lack conjunctival goblet cells and provide a model of dry eye.
Hypokalemic periodic paralysis in Sjogren's syndrome secondary to distal renal tubular acidosis.
Low hydroxychloroquine blood levels in patients who have had gastric bypass surgery.
Congenital heart block: Pace earlier (Childhood) than later (Adulthood).
Pulmonary Manifestations of Primary Sjögren's Syndrome: Underlying Immunological Mechanisms, Clinical Presentation, and Management.
Do the salivary glands of patients with systemic sclerosis show ultrasonographic modifications suggestive of Sjögren's syndrome?
Soluble siglec-5 is a novel salivary biomarker for primary Sjogren's syndrome.
Infections increase the risk of developing Sjögren's syndrome.
Response to: 'Antinuclear antibodies: mitotic patterns and their clinical associations' by Betancur and Gómez-Puerta.
Activation of Toll-like receptor 7 signaling in labial salivary glands of primary Sjögren's syndrome patients.
Anti-nucleosome antibodies in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus: potential utility as a diagnostic tool and disease activity marker and its comparison with anti-dsDNA antibody.
Diseases associated with hidranitis suppurativa: part 2 of a series on hidradenitis.
Sonography: the leading diagnostic tool for diseases of the salivary glands.
Metabolism studies of unformulated internally [3H]-labeled short interfering RNAs in mice.
Transient depletion of CD4+ CD25+ regulatory T cells results in multiple autoimmune diseases in wild-type and B-cell-deficient NOD mice.
Discrepancy of Serological and Molecular Patterns of Circulating Epstein-Barr Virus Reactivation in Primary Sjögren's Syndrome.
The Effectiveness and Safety of Total Glucosides of Paeony in Primary Sjögren's Syndrome: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Dry surgical field minor salivary gland harvest using a chalazion clamp for sicca syndrome.
Treatment of primary Sjögren's syndrome with ianalumab (VAY736) targeting B cells by BAFF receptor blockade coupled with enhanced, antibody-dependent cellular cytotoxicity.
Presence of serum autoantibodies to vacuolar H<sup>+</sup> -ATPase in patients with renal tubular acidosis.
Thermophoretic diagnosis of autoimmune diseases based on Escherichia coli with autodisplayed autoantigens.
Sjögren's syndrome X-chromosome dose effect: An epigenetic perspective.
Amlodipine prevents apoptotic cell death by correction of elevated intracellular calcium in a primary neuronal model of Batten disease (CLN3 disease).
Reactivity to AQP4 epitopes in relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis.
Evaluation of an automated chemiluminescent immunoassay kit for antinuclear antibodies in autoimmune diseases.
Irbit mediates synergy between ca(2+) and cAMP signaling pathways during epithelial transport in mice.
Primary Sjögren's syndrome manifesting as multiple cranial neuropathies: MRI findings.
Subclinical Atherosclerosis in Primary Sjögren's Syndrome: Does Inflammation Matter?
Elevated <i>CCL19</i>/<i>CCR7</i> Expression During the Disease Process of Primary Sjögren's Syndrome.
Systems Biology Approaches and Precision Oral Health: A Circadian Clock Perspective.
Lysosomal pH Is Regulated in a Sex Dependent Manner in Immune Cells Expressing <i>CXorf21</i>.
Anti-IFI16 antibodies and their relation to disease characteristics in systemic lupus erythematosus.
Disorders of phospholipids, sphingolipids and fatty acids biosynthesis: toward a new category of inherited metabolic diseases.
Androgen hormone binding to adipose tissue in rats.
Single Cell Based Phosphorylation Profiling Identifies Alterations in Toll-Like Receptor 7 and 9 Signaling in Patients With Primary Sjögren's Syndrome.
Aged Sanroque Mice Spontaneously Develop Sjögren's Syndrome-like Disease.
Lymphomagenesis in Sjögren's syndrome: Predictive biomarkers towards precision medicine.
The Role of Real-Time Tissue Elastography and Gray-Scale Ultrasound Histogram Analysis in the Diagnosis of Patients With Sjögren's Syndrome.
Ablation of the Chaperone Protein ERdj5 Results in a Sjögren's Syndrome-Like Phenotype in Mice, Consistent With an Upregulated Unfolded Protein Response in Human Patients.
Comparison of the meibomian gland dysfunction in patients with chronic ocular graft-versus-host disease and Sjögren's syndrome.
Increased risk of thyroid disease in patients with Sjogren's syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Increased prevalence of Sjogren's syndrome in where soils contain high levels of chromium.
Cluster analysis of autoimmune rheumatic diseases based on autoantibodies. New insights for polyautoimmunity.
What is the best salivary gland ultrasonography scoring methods for the diagnosis of primary or secondary Sjögren's syndromes?
Intracerebral microdialysis in neurosurgical intensive care patients utilising catheters with different molecular cut-off (20 and 100 kD).
Autoimmune diseases in China.
Facial tumor as a presenting complaint in a patient with primary Sjögren's syndrome.
Initial presentation determines clinical entity in patients with anti-centromere antibody positivity.
Helicobacter Pylori Infection in Sjögren's Syndrome: Co-incidence or Causality?
Neurological Involvement as the Initial Manifestation in Primary Sjögren's Syndrome - A Case Report.
Association of CD28 and CTLA4 haplotypes with susceptibility to primary Sjögren's syndrome in Mexican population.
New centromere autoantigens identified in systemic sclerosis using centromere protein microarrays.
A Patient with Hashimoto's Encephalopathy Presenting with Convulsive Seizure Alone as the Initial Symptom.
Fatigue in Sjögren's Syndrome: A Search for Biomarkers and Treatment Targets.
Toll-like receptor 9 signaling promotes autophagy and apoptosis via divergent functions of the p38/JNK pathway in human salivary gland cells.
Novel autoantibodies in Sjögren's syndrome: A comprehensive review.
Phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase delta pathway: a novel therapeutic target for Sjögren's syndrome.
Comparative Assessment of Hand Joint Ultrasound Findings in Symptomatic Patients with Systemic Lupus Erythematosus and Sjögren's Syndrome: A Pilot Study.
Synaptotagmin-1 overexpression under inflammatory conditions affects secretion in salivary glands from Sjögren's syndrome patients.
Is sonoelastography a helpful method of evaluation to diagnose Sjögren's syndrome?
Effect of in utero hydroxychloroquine exposure on the development of cutaneous neonatal lupus erythematosus.
[Connective tissue diseases: news in therapy, role of biologics agents].
Parkinson's disease and other basal ganglia or movement disorders in a large nationwide cohort of Swedish welders.
Association between three autoimmune diseases: vitiligo, primary biliary cirrhosis, and Sjögren's syndrome.
Patterns of peripheral neuropathy in Sjogren's syndrome in a tertiary care hospital from South India.
Role of Salivary Immune Parameters in Patients With Primary Sjögren's Syndrome.
Relationship of MR imaging of submandibular glands to hyposalivation in Sjögren's syndrome.
Efficacy of standardized and quality-controlled cord blood serum eye drop therapy in the healing of severe corneal epithelial damage in dry eye.
Undifferentiated connective tissue disease in a rheumatology center in Cali, Colombia: clinical features of 94 patients followed for a year.
Impact of hyperprolactinemia in a patient with polyautoimmunity.
Pulmonary AL- amyloidosis masquerading as lung malignancy in an Australian Indigenous patient with Sjogren's syndrome.
CCL22-Producing Resident Macrophages Enhance T Cell Response in Sjögren's Syndrome.
Significance of M2 macrophage in tubulointerstitial disease secondary to primary Sjogren's disease.
Morphological alterations in minor salivary glands of HTLV1+ patients: A pilot study.
Hospitalizations due to systemic connective tissue diseases: Secular trends and regional disparities in Sweden, 1998-2016.
Increased sensitivity of Treg cells from patients with PBC to low dose IL-12 drives their differentiation into IFN-γ secreting cells.
Association of high 5-hydroxymethylcytosine levels with Ten Eleven Translocation 2 overexpression and inflammation in Sjögren's syndrome patients.
Intracytoplasmic sperm injection of 1 day old oocytes after fertilization failure.
Irradiation of bone metastases in breast cancer patients: a randomized study with 1 year follow-up.
Effect of a modified toothpaste technique on approximal caries in preschool children.
An experimental model for long-term examinations of urethral and uterine pressures in conscious dogs: effect of a highly selective compound contracting urethral smooth muscles.
Sexual life in women after colectomy-proctomucosectomy with S-pouch.
Disappearance of morphine-induced hyperalgesia after discontinuing or substituting morphine with other opioid agonists.
Aluminosis and dementia.
Glucocorticoid hormone binding to rat adipocytes.
Intestinal myoelectric response in two different models of acute enteric inflammation.
Mutagenicity of tryptophan photoproducts in the Ames Salmonella assay.
Exposure to stainless steel welding fumes and lung cancer: a meta-analysis.
Poikilocapnic hypoxic ventilatory response in humans during 0.85 MAC isoflurane anesthesia.
Surface replacement of the humeral head in the rheumatoid shoulder.
Myoclonic spasms during treatment with high doses of intravenous morphine in renal failure.
[Cerebral dysfunction after prolonged use of opioids].
Nasal mucosal congestion after treatment with bromocriptine.
Hyperalgesia and myoclonus in terminal cancer patients treated with continuous intravenous morphine.
Salivary fluoride clearance after a single intake of fluoride tablets and chewing gums in children, adults, and dry mouth patients.
A general, extracorporeal immunoadsorption method to increase the tumor-to-normal tissue ratio in radioimmunoimaging and radioimmunotherapy.
Improving radioimmonotargeting of tumors. Variation in the amount of L6 MAb administered, combined with an immunoadsorption system (ECIA).
Factors related to fluoride retention after toothbrushing and possible connection to caries activity.
Sublethal effects of larval methoprene exposure on adult mosquito longevity.
Antioxidants protect against reoxygenation-induced cell damage in ventricular myocytes.
Culture of human spare preembryos: association between blastocyst formation and pregnancy.
Intrauterine capsules for incubation of gametes and subsequent release of embryos.
Trauma in the elderly: the impact on the health care system.
Respiratory depression during epidural morphine treatment.
Interleukin-1 alpha modulates luteinizing hormone stimulated cyclic AMP and progesterone release from human granulosa cells in vitro.
beta relaxation at the glass transition of hard-spherical colloids.
The antimicrobial effect of calcium hydroxide as a short-term intracanal dressing.
[Low dosage laser has no effect on pain].
Effects of parasympathetic decentralization on some nerve-mediated functions in the feline urinary bladder.
Contribution to suicide risk assessment: II. On the practice of suicide risk assessment.
Factors affecting the long-term results of endodontic treatment.
Cerebral effects of long-term oral opioids in cancer patients measured by continuous reaction time.
Rat monoclonal antibodies produced against rat colorectal adenocarcinomas define tumor- and colon-associated, auto-immunogenic antigens.
The handicap code of the ICIDH, adapted for children aged 6-7 years. Classification Group of the Nordic Neuropediatric Association.
Tumor-selective cytolysis is executed exclusively by CD45R+ CTL whereas allo-specific cytotoxicity can be executed also by CD45R- CTL.
Prenatal diagnosis for psychological reasons: comparison with other indications, advanced maternal age and known genetic risk.
Magnesium deficiency in coronary artery disease and cardiac arrhythmias.
[Intravenous lidocaine in the treatment of chronic pain caused by bone metastases].
Prenatal diagnosis and psychological distress: amniocentesis or chorionic villus biopsy?
Enterotoxin production and serogroups of Campylobacter jejuni and Campylobacter coli from patients with diarrhea and from healthy laying hens.
Unintentional injuries among elderly people: incidence, causes, severity, and costs.
Gamma interferon induces the appearance of a CD4-, major histocompatibility complex class II+ macrophage subpopulation in the rat peritoneal cavity.
[The midwives' work in intrauterine death should be easier if better cooperation with physicians existed].
Serotyping studies of Campylobacter from naturally colonized chickens.
Rapid response to Con A by CD4+CD45R- rat memory lymphocytes as compared to CD4+CD45R+ lymphocytes.
Campylobacter strains from Swedish patients with diarrhoea. Distribution of serotypes over a five year period.
Lumbar epidurography and epidural analgesia in cancer patients.
Monoclonal antibodies to glycolipids of the isoglobo-series detect tumor-associated antigens in rats.
Increased proportion of CD4+CDw29+CD45R-UCHL-1+ lymphocytes in the cerebrospinal fluid of both multiple sclerosis patients and healthy individuals.
The serotype distribution of Campylobacter in patients with diarrhoea in Kuwait.
[High-dose epidural opioid treatment of malignant pain].
Prevalence of black-pigmented bacteroides species in root canal infections.
Rat serum antibodies binding to high-molecular-weight glycoprotein(s) on syngeneic colon carcinomas, demonstrated by competition with rat monoclonal antibody.
A biotin-labelled antigen radioimmunoassay (BILA) for antibodies to membrane antigens useful for monoclonal antibody screening.
Enhanced vasoconstrictor responses to potassium, 5-hydroxytryptamine, and prostaglandin F2 alpha of isolated coronary arteries from magnesium-deficient rats. Comparison with vasomotor activity of aorta.
Restricted lesions after testicular biopsies in young and adult rats.
Hepatitis B virus infection and hepatocellular carcinoma: correlation between IgM antibody to hepatitis B core antigen, hepatitis B e antigen, and hepatitis B DNA.
[Magnesium deficiency--clinical findings, diagnosis and treatment].
Vasomotor changes in isolated coronary arteries from diabetic rats.
The effect of ipratropium bromide on nasal hypersecretion induced by methacholine in patients with vasomotor rhinitis. A double-blind, cross-over, placebo-controlled and randomized dose-response study.
[Epidurography in long-term treatment with epidural morphine].
Survival of Arachnia propionica in periapical tissue.
Binding of staphylococcal enterotoxin A to accessory cells is a requirement for its ability to activate human T cells.
Evaluation of zinc status in subjects with Crohn's disease.
Design of a new multiple-unit controlled-release formulation of metoprolol--metoprolol CR.
Effects of pinacidil on bladder muscle.
Oral administration of magnesium hydroxide to subjects with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus: effects on magnesium and potassium levels and on insulin requirements.
A highly specific two-site ELISA for pneumococcal C-polysaccharide using monoclonal and affinity-purified polyclonal antibodies.
The regulatory role of FSH in steroid formation by luteinized human granulosa cells in culture.
A rat monoclonal antibody 4D7 produced by a hybridoma established from a yolk-sac tumor-bearing rat binds selectively to the stage-specific embryonic antigen SSEA-1.
Mortality in two cohorts of welders exposed to high- and low-levels of hexavalent chromium.
Selective induction of OX19+ (CD5+) or OX19- (CD5-) alloreactive cytolytic lymphocytes in the rat.
Effects of bone wax on rabbit cranial bone lesions.
Effects of calcium, calcium channel blockers and Bay K 8644 on contractions induced by muscarinic receptor stimulation of isolated bladder muscle from rabbit and man.
A new coagglutination test for detecting pneumococcal C-polysaccharide.
Magnesium and potassium status in healthy subjects as assessed by analysis of magnesium and potassium in skeletal muscle biopsies and magnesium in mononuclear cells.
Outcome of inguinal hernia surgery.
Relationship between compressive strength and cervical shaping of the all-ceramic Cerestore crown.
Abrogation of staphylococcal enterotoxin A-induced suppressor cell activity by the anti-Tac monoclonal antibody.
Evidence for the existence of W3/13+ monocytes in the rat.
[Methods and materials for endodontic treatment].
Vasomotor responses of isolated human coronary arteries to magnesium, nitroglycerin and verapamil: a comparison with coronary arteries from cat and rat.
Evaluation of methoprene, temephos and Bacillus thuringiensis var. israelensis against Coquillettidia perturbans larvae in Minnesota.
Zinc and alkaline phosphatase in developing rat oral mucosa.
Decrease in helper (T4+) lymphocytes following cimetidine treatment for duodenal ulcer.
Routine use of counterimmunoelectrophoresis for the detection of pneumococcal antigen in sputum.
Feeder effect of enriched human monocytes on human hybridoma, myeloma, and lymphoma cell lines.
Vasomotor effects of magnesium: a comparison with nifedipine and verapamil of in vitro reactivity in feline cerebral and peripheral arteries.
Kinetics of IL-2 and interferon-gamma production, expression of IL-2 receptors, and cell proliferation in human mononuclear cells exposed to staphylococcal enterotoxin A.
Histamine modulates the production of interferon-gamma and interleukin-2 by mitogen-activated human mononuclear blood cells.
Campylobacter strains in Sweden. Serotyping and correlation to clinical symptoms.
Immunoglobulin M antibody to hepatitis B core antigen in patients with chronic type B hepatitis.
Measurements of magnesium in mononuclear cells.
Force-displacement measurements in tableting.
Effect of oestrogen and progesterone on the blood flow in the lower urinary tract of the rabbit.
Exposure and urinary excretion of aluminum during welding.
Respiratory symptoms and pulmonary function among welders working with aluminum, stainless steel and railroad tracks.
The use of monoclonal antibodies in measuring factor VIII/von Willebrand factor.
Contractant and relaxant properties of the female rabbit urethral submucosa.
Platelet counts in myocardial infarction, angina pectoris and peripheral artery disease.
Influence in vitro on NK and K cell activities by cimetidine and indomethacin with and without simultaneous exposure to interferon.
Recombinant leukocyte A interferon as single agent therapy or in combination with cimetidine in patients with advanced colo-rectal carcinoma. A phase II investigation.
Lectin-mediated binding of liposome-inserted membrane proteins to red blood cells. A method to detect binding of antibodies to purified rat histocompatibility antigen or binding of insulin to the insulin receptor.
[Tuberculosis treatment today].
Staphylococcal protein A (SpA) does not induce production of interferon-gamma in human mononuclear blood cells.
Antigen-independent binding of rat immunoglobulins in a radioimmunoassay. Solutions to an unusual background problem.
Effect of estradiol and estriol treatment on vaginal estrogen receptors in the ovariectomized rabbit.
The odontogenic keratocyst: a benign cystic tumor?
Inhibition of antibody binding to viable cells by liposomes containing purified rat spleen glycoprotein.
Pulmonary function and concentrations of alpha 1-antitrypsin and immunoglobulin E in workers exposed to pancreatic enzymes.
Continuous vectorcardiography in acute myocardial infarction. Natural course of ST and QRS vectors.
Detection of different states of immunity to colon cancer in rats by a leukocyte adherence inhibition (LAI) assay assessing the adherence of T lymphocytes and monocytes selectively.
Serial M-mode echocardiographic mapping in myocardial infarction: a quantitative evaluation of left ventricular wall motion abnormalities.
Work of friction and net work during compaction.
Column separation of monocytes by adherence to gelatin beads.
Sexuality after stroke with hemiplegia. I. Aspects of sexual function.
Quantification of left ventricular wall dysfunction by M-mode echocardiographic mapping in heart failure following acute myocardial infarction.
Comparative study of tocainide and lidocaine in patients admitted for suspected acute myocardial infarction.
Sexuality of health care students.
Atropine resistance of transmurally stimulated isolated human bladder muscle.
Human leukocyte interferon and cimetidine for metastatic melanoma.
Effect of selenium on the induction of breast fibroadenomas by adenovirus type 9 and 1,2-dimethylhydrazine-induced bowel carcinogenesis in rats.
False tendons in the left ventricle: 2-dimensional and M-mode echocardiographic findings.
The cytology of joint exudates in rheumatoid arthritis. Morphology and preparation techniques.
The influence of monocyte (adherent cell) content in human mononuclear blood cell populations on the estimation of individual levels of N-acetoxy-2-acetylaminofluorene induced unscheduled DNA synthesis.
Sexual problems in hemiplegia.
Enzyme histochemistry of developing rat oral mucosa.
Liposome immune assay (LIA). Use of membrane antigens inserted into labeled lipid vesicles as targets in immune assays.
Chronic back pain and sexuality.
Contribution of prostaglandins to the adenosine triphosphate-induced contraction of rabbit urinary bladder.
Countercurrent distribution of lymphocytes from human peripheral blood in an aqueous two-phase system. II. Separation into subsets of lymphocytes with distinctive functions.
Countercurrent distribution of lymphocytes from human peripheral blood in an aqueous two-phase system. I. Separation into subsets of lymphocytes bearing distinctive markers.
Prognostic significance of amoeboid movement configuration in lymphoid cells from children with acute lymphoblastic leukaemia.
Renal function in primary hyperparathyroidism. A follow-up study two to eleven years after surgery comprising 139 patients.
Immunotherapy versus chemotherapy of acute myeloid leukemia: response to PHA, allogeneic lymphocytes, and leukemic myeloblasts of remission lymphocytes from leukemia patients.
Cardiovascular complications to treatment of prostate cancer with estramustine phosphate (Estracyt) or conventional estrogen. A follow-up of 212 randomized patients.
Diagnostic significance of lysosomal enzymes in different types of leukemias.
L-gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase activity in normal and leukemic leukocytes.
[Can inhalation of pancreatic enzyme cause pulmonary emphysema?].
Immunotherapy of tumor host.
Perceived sound quality of sound-reproducing systems.
[Intermittent neurological symptoms in a girl with a MSUD-variant].
Effects of cholinoceptor blocking drugs, adrenoceptor stimulants, and calcium antagonists on the transmurally stimulated guinea-pig urinary bladder in vitro and in vivo.
Primary sclerosing cholangitis associated with fibrosis of the submandibular glands and the pancreas.
Transcatheter arterial embolization of experimental hepatic tumours in the rat.
Perceived sound quality of hearing aids.
Circumstances around the onset of a myocardial infarction. A study of factors relevant to the perception of symptoms and to the delay in arriving at a coronary care unit.
LH-stimulated cAMP formation in rat granulosa cells during follicular maturation - a non-refractory response.
Acute influence of LH and FSH on cyclic AMP formation in isolated granulosa cells of the rat.
Bovine tuberculosis in man--reinfection or endogenous exacerbation.
Separation of rat leukocytes by countercurrent distribution in aqueous two-phase systems. II. Subpopulations which mediate selective and nonselective lysis of normal and colon carcinoma target cells in vitro.
Effects of presensitization in vivo on cell-mediated responses to embryonic antigens in vitro.
Prognostic implications of ventricular arrhythmias registered before discharge and one year after acute myocardial infarction.
No demonstrable accumulation of 14C-vitamin D3 in developing rat teeth and bones.
Ventricular arrhythmias prior to discharge and one year after acute myocardial infarction.
Cell surface antigens in a rat colon cancer model: correlation with inhibition of tumor growth.
Specific anti-fibroblast cytotoxicity of antibodies to fibroblast surface antigen.
Variations in the susceptiblility of field and laboratory populations of Culex tarsalis to experimental infection with western equine encephalomyelitis virus.
Postoperative restoration of muscle strength after intramedullary nailing of fractures of the femoral shaft.
The Swedish tuberculosis index.
Side-effects of BCG vaccination.
Attempted diagnosis of ventricular mural thrombi in acute mycardial infarction using 125I-labelled fibrinogen.
Congenital left ventricular apical aneurysm.
Pattern of enzyme activity following acute myocardial infarction with special reference to gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase.
The immunology of large bowel carcinoma in a rat model.
Enhanced growth of tumor isografts in rats after skin allografting.
Colon carcinoma antigens in the rat.
The risk of tuberculous infection in Sweden.
Studies of tuberculosis in man in relation to infection in cattle.
Proceedings: Transmission of tubercle bacilli: with particular reference to Mycobacterium bovis.
The influence of food on side effects and absorption of lithium.
Structure-activity relationship of a weries of quaternary ammonium compounds on the urinary bladder in vitro.
The distribution of 14-C labelled KABI 1774.
Erythroblastic islands and ineffective erythropoiesis in vitamin B12 deficiency.
Embryonic antigens associated with chemically induced colon carcinomas in rats.
Immune responses of adenovirus type-9 infected (tumor-free) male rats against adenovirus type-9 induced mammary fibroadenomas and a chemically induced mammary carcinoma.
Angiography in hepatic cysts and tumors in the rat.
Cross-reacting tumor-associated antigen(s) of adenovirus type 9-induced fibroadenomas and a chemically induced mammary carcinoma in rats.
Cross-reacting tumor-associated antigen (s) among chemically induced rat colon carcinomas.
Alteration of in vitro anti-tumor activity of tumor-bearer sera by absorption with Staphylococcus aureus, Cowan I.
Fat-reduced diet in the symptomatic treatment of small bowel disease: Metabolic studies in patients with Crohn's disease and in other patients subjected to ileal resection.
Comparative absorption and pharmacokinetic studies on proxyphylline in ordinary and slow release tablets.
Judgments and dimension analyses of perceived sound quality of sound-reproducing systems.
Erythropoiesis in patients with bone marrow metastases.
Differences in morphology and mitotic activity between intra- and extra-medullary erythropoietic tissue in chronic myeloid leukaemia.
Regression of polyoma tumor metastasis by combined unblocking and BCG treatment--correlation with induced alterations in tumor immunity status.
Sequential studies on cell-mediated tumor immunity and blocking serum activity in ten patients with malignant melanoma.
Lunar Shape via the Apollo Laser Altimeter.
Thermal dilution for measurement of cardiac output in the pulmonary artery in man in relation to choice of indicator volume and injection time.
Lunar Gravity via Apollo 14 Doppler Radio Tracking.
Circulatory changes during continuous epidural blockade.
Respiratory changes during continuous epidural blockade.
[Special education of health and medical personnel who attend assistance- and disaster courses].
Platelet adhesiveness in patients with ischaemic heart disease. An assessment by three whole-blood methods.
Tumor-specific immunity in the course of primary polyoma and Rous tumor development in intact and immunosuppressed rats.
Potassium absorption from sustained release tablets.
Absorption of alprenolol in man from tablets with different rates of release.
[Thrombosis prevention in prostatectomy--a double blind study].
Demonstration of two group-specific TSTAs in adenovirus-induced tumors.
Serum mediated inhibition of cellular immunity to methylcholanthrene-induced murine sarcomas.
Cross-reacting tumor-specific transplantation of antigens in tumors induced by adenoviruses, 3, 14, and 12.
Chemical heterogeneity of ribosomal protein of Escherichia coli examined by electrofocusing.
Adenosine-diphosphate-induced platelet adhesiveness in patients with ischaemic heart disease.
Ultrasonic measurements of left ventricular wall thickness.
Ankle jerk estimation and the thyroid function in a health survey.
[Hypokalemic states].
Separation of specific antibodies to TSTAs of adeno 12 and polyoma tumors.
Platelet adhesion: a comparison of four methods.
Lithium absorption from sustained-release tablets (Duretter).
Mascons: lunar mass concentrations.
[The menopause. 5. Therapeutic aspects--summarization].
Gravitational inconsistency in the lunar theory: confirmation by radio tracking.
[Infantile hydrocephalus: considerable risks with shunt stop].
Echoencephalography in infants and children. Comparison with cerebral pneumography in measuring ventricular size.
A collection device for Leptoconops kerteszi (Diptera: Ceratopogonidae) biting gnats.
In vitro demonstration of humoral and cell-bound immunity against common specific transplantation atigen(s) of adenovirus 12-induced mouse and hamster tumors.
Calculation of rate constants for absorption and elimination of drugs.
A critical evaluation of the calcium balance technic. I. Variation in fecal output.
Body composition during long-term administration of cortisone and anabolic steroids in an asthmatic subject.
[Current observations on spina bifida cystica].
Lunar orbiter ranging data: initial results.
Demonstration of common specific antigen(s) in mouse and hamster polyoma tumors.
Specific transplantation immunity in relation to Rous sarcoma virus tumorigenesis in mice.
Problems in pneumotachography.
Dermal losses of nutrients and their significance for human metabolic balance studies.
Studies on the absorption rate of barbiturates in man.
Induction of polyoma specific transplantation antigenicity in Moloney leukemia cells.
[Age of onset of the most common infectious "childhood diseases"].
On the concept "constant diet" in metabolic balance studies.
Population genetics in clinical research.
[Congenital hydrocephalus. II. Long-term prognosis of untreated hydrocephalus in infants].
Histopathology and transplantability of polyoma-induced tumors in strain A/Sn and three coisogenic resistant (IR) substrains.
Karyologic studies on polyoma virus induced mouse tumors.
Further studies on superinfection of polyoma-induced mouse tumors with polyoma virus in vitro.
[Alzheimer's disease as a clinico-pathological entity].
Transantrosphenoidal hypophysectomy.
Surgical treatment of craniopharyngioma; radical removal by the transantrosphenoidal approach.
Studies of lung volumes and physical working capacity during pneumothorax treatment.
Hypophysectomy in acromegaly.
The electroencephalogram in elderly persons suffering from neuropsychiatric disorders.
Tentorial herniations.  II.  Pneumography.
Measurement of the extracellular fluid volume by thiosulfate.  II.  The relation between the apparent volume of distribution of thiosulfate and the volume of distribution of insulin.
Hypophysectomy in man: experiences in severe diabetes mellitus.
Distribution of fluid and sodium in healthy adults.
A methodological, psychiatric and statistical study of a large Swedish rural population.
Successful treatment of a case of Cushing's syndrome by electrocoagulation of the hypophysis.
Apparatus for serial angiography.
Some aspects of the metabolic effect of desoxycorticosterone acetate.
[Endocrine function tests. I. Four hours water excretion test in hypofunction of pituitary gland and adrenal cortex].
[Electrocardiogram and potassium metabolism during ACTH, cortisone and DOCA therapy].
[Hypophysectomy in man].
Morbus Alzheimer and morbus Pick; a genetic, clinical and patho-anatomical study.
Genetics in neurology and psychiatry.
1-Methyl-2-mercaptoimidazole: a new active antithyroid agent.
Two cases of cryptogenetic hypokalemia with pathological anatomical findings.
[The non-surgical treatment of pituitary disorders].
The significance of endocrine factors on renal function and blood pressure as revealed by a case of chromophobe adenoma of the pituitary.
The significance of the adenohypophysis, adrenal cortex and thyroid in renal function in man.
[Not Available].
[Differential diagnosis and treatment of Simmond's disease, panhypoadenopituitarism].
The effect of desoxycorticosterone acetate and sodium chloride on blood pressure in postural hypotension and arterial orthostatic anemia.
The effect of desoxycorticosterone acetate and sodium chloride on blood pressure and renal function.
Hypertension produced with desoxycorticosterone acetate and sodium chloride in a case of postural hypotension.
Studies on keratoconjunctivitis sicca, based on examination of 500 subjects affected with rheumatism and an equally large control material.
Admission rate and characteristics of hospitalized systemic connective tissue disorders: analysis from a nationwide Thailand healthcare database.
A novel elastin-like polypeptide drug carrier for cyclosporine A improves tear flow in a mouse model of Sjögren's syndrome.
Resilience in women with autoimmune rheumatic diseases.
A Case of Sjögren's Syndrome Mimicking Inflammatory Myopathy.
Gene Expression Profiling of Lacrimal Glands Identifies the Ectopic Expression of MHC II on Glandular Cells as a Presymptomatic Feature in a Mouse Model of Primary Sjögren's Syndrome.
Elevation of Serum IL-35 in Patients with Primary Sjögren's Syndrome.
Subconjunctival dendrimer-drug therapy for the treatment of dry eye in a rabbit model of induced autoimmune dacryoadenitis.
Increased frequency of CCR7<sup>+</sup>CD4<sup>+</sup> T cells from patients with primary Sjögren's syndrome: An indicator of disease activity rather than of damage severity.
Small fiber neuropathy: Diagnosis, causes, and treatment.
[Relation between autoimmune thyroid diseases and connective tissue diseases].
Diagnosis and treatment of connective tissue disease-associated interstitial lung disease.
What is the background incidence of malignancy in children with rheumatic disease?
In vitro and in vivo evaluation of a humanized anti-APRIL antibody.
Focus on systemic lupus erythematosus in indigenous Australians: towards a better understanding of autoimmune diseases.
Immunological follow-up of patients with neuromyelitis optica: is there a good biomarker?
Prodromal cognitive signs of dementia in 85-year-olds using four sources of information.
Performance of antinuclear antibody connective tissue disease screen.
Distinctive rheumatic manifestations in 98 patients with human immunodeficiency virus infection in China.
A case of phaeohyphomycosis caused by Exophiala oligosperma successfully treated with local hyperthermia.
Systemic inflammatory and autoimmune disorders.
Immunogenicity of influenza H1N1 vaccination in mixed connective tissue disease: effect of disease and therapy.
Dry eye symptoms and chemosis following blepharoplasty: a 10-year retrospective review of 892 cases in a single-surgeon series.
The role of aquaporin-4 antibodies in Chinese patients with neuromyelitis optica.
Overlap connective tissue disease syndromes.
Aberrant IL-35 levels in patients with primary Sjogren's syndrome.
Review of the Major and Minor Salivary Glands, Part 1: Anatomy, Infectious, and Inflammatory Processes.
Ly9 (CD229) Antibody Targeting Depletes Marginal Zone and Germinal Center B Cells in Lymphoid Tissues and Reduces Salivary Gland Inflammation in a Mouse Model of Sjögren's Syndrome.
Aberrant expression of the innate restriction factor bone marrow stromal antigen-2 in primary Sjögren's syndrome.
Effect of Bone Morphogenetic Protein 6 on Immunomodulatory Functions of Salivary Gland-Derived Mesenchymal Stem Cells in Sjögren's Syndrome.
Calcium signaling defects underlying salivary gland dysfunction.
Immunophenotypes and clinical features of lymphocytes in the labial gland of primary Sjogren's syndrome patients.
Epigenetic alterations in primary Sjögren's syndrome - an overview.
[Intimate surgery is more harmful than beneficial].
Physicochemical properties of iodixanol.
Effect of post-brushing water rinsing on caries-like lesions at approximal and buccal sites.
Isoflurane anaesthesia (0.6 MAC) and hypoxic ventilatory responses in humans.
Development of a live, oral, attenuated vaccine against El Tor cholera.
Improving radioimmunotargeting of tumors: the impact of preloading unlabeled L6 monoclonal antibody on the biodistribution of 125I-L6 in rats.
[The analgesic value of anti-arrhythmia agents].
Gestational diabetes: a case-control study of women's experience of pregnancy, health and the child.
Specific binding of Streptococcus pneumoniae to two receptor saccharide structures.
Continuous reaction time after single dose, long-term oral and epidural opioid administration.
Magnetic characterization of iron oxides for magnetic resonance imaging.
Intake of energy, nutrients and food items in a ten-year cohort comparison and in a six-year longitudinal perspective: a population study of 70- and 76-year-old Swedish people.
Efficacy of methoprene pellets against Coquillettidia perturbans larvae.
Role of Shiga-like toxin I in bacterial enteritis: comparison between isogenic Escherichia coli strains induced in rabbits.
Inactivation of Phage MS2 by Iron-Aided Titanium Dioxide Photocatalysis.
Effect of various post-brushing activities on salivary fluoride concentration after toothbrushing with a sodium fluoride dentifrice.
Vector control by removal trapping.
Effect of water rinsing after toothbrushing on fluoride ingestion and absorption.
Immunization with mutagen-treated (tum-) cells causes rejection of nonimmunogenic rat glioma isografts.
[Buprenorphine for postoperative analgesia after total hip alloplasty].
Biosynthesis of corticotropin-releasing hormone in human T-lymphocytes.
Elderly in the traffic environment: analysis of fatal crashes in northern Sweden.
Antimicrobial susceptibilities of Campylobacter jejuni and Campylobacter coli isolated in Sweden: a 10-year follow-up report.
Piezoelectricity in dental materials, a conceivable cause of postrestorative sensitivity.
Proposal of a dose-response relationship between aluminium welding fume exposure and effect on the central nervous system.
A pharmacological in vitro study of the mouse urinary bladder at the time of acute change in bladder reservoir function after irradiation.
A clinical examination of ceramic (Cerec) inlays.
Hepatitis A in the US Army: epidemiology and vaccine development.
Clinical and laboratory observations following oral or intramuscular administration of a live attenuated hepatitis A vaccine candidate.
Fever and respiratory symptoms after welding on painted steel.
Synthesis and biological activity of a series of diaryl-substituted alpha-cyano-beta-hydroxypropenamides, a new class of anthelmintic agents.
Evidence of aluminium accumulation in aluminium welders.
Extravasation of staphylococcal alpha-toxin in normal and injured CNS regions lacking blood-brain barrier function: observations after ventral root replantation.
Immunogenicity of an inactivated hepatitis A vaccine.
Injuries to the elderly in the traffic environment.
Blood and urine concentrations of aluminium among workers exposed to aluminium flake powders.
Hepatitis B and delta hepatitis infection in Peru.
Tumour uptake of monoclonal antibody after regional intraarterial injection. Biokinetics in the nude rat heterotransplanted with malignant melanoma.
Pulmonary reactions caused by welding-induced decomposed trichloroethylene.
Inhibition of rat yolk sac tumour growth in vivo by a monoclonal antibody to the retroviral molecule P15E.
Corrosion and strength of dental low-gold brazing materials.
Neuropsychiatric symptoms among welders exposed to neurotoxic metals.
Extensive bone loss associated with periapical infection with Bacteroides gingivalis: a case report.
Postural stability during long-term treatment of cancer patients with epidural opioids.
Magnetically tagged subsets of human lymphocytes for assays with laboratory robotics.
Production of TNF-alpha and TNF-beta by staphylococcal enterotoxin A activated human T cells.
Effects of cromakalim (BRL 34915) and pinacidil on normal and hypertrophied rat detrusor in vitro.
A microcalorimetric vessel for monitoring cytotoxic reactions in the micro-submicrowatt region.
Regeneration after spinal nerve root injury.
Subcutaneous injection of monoclonal antibody 96.5. Biokinetics in the nude rat heterotransplanted with malignant melanoma.
Altered intestinal motility precedes diarrhea during Escherichia coli enteric infection.
Characterization of individual tumor necrosis factor alpha-and beta-producing cells after polyclonal T cell activation.
Pain, sedation and reaction time during long-term treatment of cancer patients with oral and epidural opioids.
Recognition of a high molecular weight glycoprotein (HMW-GP) associated with rat colon cancer cells by rat monoclonal antibodies.
Biokinetics of radiolabeled monoclonal antibodies in heterotransplanted nude rats: evaluation of corrected specific tissue uptake.
Use of a monoclonal rat anti-mouse Ig light chain (RAMOL-1) antibody reduces background binding in immunohistochemical and fluorescent antibody analysis.
Campylobacter jejuni isolations from Mexican and Swedish patients, with repeated symptomatic and/or asymptomatic diarrhoea episodes.
Information on prenatal diagnosis at the antenatal clinic. The women's experiences.
Sensitivity to tuberculin and sensitins in Swedish children.
Nebulization versus injection in ambulatory treatment of acute asthma: a comparative study.
Non-tuberculous mycobacterial infection--a major cause of tuberculin conversion in unvaccinated children in south Sweden.
Laser welding of titanium in dentistry.
Prolactin and gonadotrophin interactions on progesterone formation in cultured human granulosa cells.
Evaluation of magnesium status in Crohn's disease as assessed by intracellular analysis and intravenous magnesium infusion.
Different effects of neuropeptide Y on electrically induced contractions in the longitudinal and circular smooth muscle layers of the female rabbit urethra.
Decision making during the prenatal diagnostic procedure. A questionnaire and interview study of 211 women participating in prenatal diagnosis.
Demonstration of cross-reactions between pneumococci and alpha-streptococci using gold-labelled mono- and polyclonal antibodies and electron microscopy.
Efficacy and tolerability of transdermal nitroglycerin in heart failure. A noninvasive placebo controlled double-blind cross over study.
Characterization of alkaline phosphatase from buccal mucosa in young rats.
Tetrodotoxin-resistant contractions induced by electrical stimulation of bladder muscle from man, rabbit and rat.
Production and characterization of monoclonal antibodies against Staphylococcus aureus alpha-toxin.
Epidemiology and long-term survival in acromegaly. A study of 166 cases diagnosed between 1955 and 1984.
The three-dimensional structures of S-layers of two novel Eubacterium species isolated from inflammatory human processes.
Uptake and urinary excretion of aluminum among welders.
Magnesium, potassium and zinc deficiency in subjects with type II diabetes mellitus.
The influence of magnesium on the release of calcium from intracellular depots in vascular smooth muscle cells.
Luteotropic and luteolytic factors regulating human corpus luteum function.
Availability of reaction with antibodies of the pneumococcal C-polysaccharide on the surface of capsulated pneumococci.
[Acute altitude sickness].
Comparison of different procedures, transport media, and enrichment media for isolation of Campylobacter species from healthy laying hens and humans with diarrhea.
Catalase and lipopolysaccharide enhance proliferation in the rat mixed lymphocyte reaction.
Interaction between extracellular magnesium and the passage of calcium through the sarcolemma during depolarization of isolated feline coronary and femoral arteries.
Extreme metabolic acidosis. Case report.
Appearance of serum antibodies to rat yolk-sac carcinomas during the latent period prior to primary tumor development.
Direct vasomotor effects of theophylline and enprofylline on human coronary artery in-vitro: comparison with feline coronary and cerebral arteries.
Cardiac stimulation threshold in familial amyloidosis with polyneuropathy.
[Cerestore, Dicor and Ceplatec--alternative materials and technics for porcelain crowns].
Interaction between adrenergic and cholinergic nerve terminals in the urinary bladder of rabbit, cat and man.
Effect of corticosteroid therapy on levels of antibody to hepatitis B core antigen in patients with chronic type B hepatitis.
Mucopolysaccharidoses and anaesthetic risks.
[Accidental perforation of the dura during continuous epidural analgesia].
Etiologic diagnosis of pneumonia by antigen detection: crossreactions between pneumococcal C-polysaccharide and oral microorganisms.
Bacteriologic evaluation of ultrasonic root canal instrumentation.
Ketanserin interaction with urethral alpha-adrenoceptors.
Hepatitis A virus in stool during clinical relapse.
Comparison of antihypertensive effect and pharmacokinetics of conventional and extended release felodipine tablets in patients with arterial hypertension.
An antigen present in rat adenocarcinoma and normal colon non-epithelial stroma is a novel Forssman-like glycolipid based on isoglobotetraosylceramide.
Production of oligosaccharide-binding monoclonal antibodies of diverse specificities by immunization with purified tumor-associated glycolipids inserted into liposomes with lipid A.
Anaesthetic problems in Hurler-Scheie syndrome. Report of two cases.
Clinical significance of low molecular weight (7-8S) immunoglobulin M antibody to hepatitis B core antigen in chronic hepatitis B virus infections.
The membrane phenotype of in vivo induced tumor selective cytolytic lymphocytes of the rat: a distinction from NK cells.
Potential effects of Altosid (methoprene) briquet treatments on Eubranchipus bundyi (Anostraca: Chirocephalidae).
Magnesium deficiency in IDDM related to level of glycosylated hemoglobin.
Changed distribution of zinc and copper in body fluids in patients undergoing open-heart surgery.
Microcomputer-based system for registration of oxygen tension in peripheral muscle.
Regional cerebral glucose metabolism in anxiety disorders studied with positron emission tomography before and after psychosurgical intervention. A preliminary report.
Structures of two different surface layers found in six Bacteroides strains.
Determination of antibodies to pneumococcal C polysaccharide in patients with community-acquired pneumonia.
Detection of C polysaccharide in Streptococcus pneumoniae in the sputa of pneumonia patients by an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay.
Polymorphism of normal factor IX detected by mouse monoclonal antibodies.
A sensitive method to introduce membrane-bound proteins into recipient cells based on affinity enrichment of lipid vesicles to the recipient cell prior to fusion.
Microcalorimetry as a tool for the detection of complement-dependent cytotoxicity.
Immune functions in melanoma patients during treatment with interferon [HuIFN-alpha (Le)] alone or in combination with cimetidine.
The association of artificial containers and LaCrosse encephalitis cases in Minnesota 1979.
Adrenergic and non-adrenergic contraction of isolated urethral muscle from rabbit and man.
High-dose prenalterol in beta-blockade intoxication.
Automated cytochemical differential leucocyte count in patients hospitalized with acute bacterial infections.
Effects of vasoactive intestinal polypeptide on isolated urethral and urinary bladder smooth muscle from rabbit and man.
Comparison of immune responses induced by rat RT-1 antigens presented as inserts into liposomes, as protein micelles and as intact cells.
Binding of estradiol-17 beta and estriol in cytosolic and nuclear fractions from urogenital tissues.
Ipratropium in the treatment of patients with perennial rhinitis.
IgM antibody to hepatitis B core antigen in Korean patients with hepatocellular carcinoma.
Adrenoceptors and cholinoceptors controlling noradrenaline release from adrenergic nerves in the urethra of rabbit and man.
Effects of estradiol on norepinephrine-induced contraction, alpha adrenoceptor number and norepinephrine content in the female rabbit urethra.
Feasibility of extracorporeal on-line large-scale plasma adsorptions on protein A-sepharose columns in cancer patients.
Characterization of the alpha-adrenoceptors in the female rabbit urethra.
Complete remission in a patient with acute myelogenous leukemia treated with leukocyte alpha-interferon and cimetidine.
Compressibility and tablet properties of two polymorphs of metoprolol tartrate.
Metastatic malignant melanoma: regression induced by combined treatment with interferon [HuIFN-alpha(Le)] and cimetidine.
[The psychosocial readiness of the women's clinic].
Low-molecular-weight IgM antibody to hepatitis B core antigen in chronic infections with hepatitis B virus.
Different protein A immunosorbents may have different binding specificity for rat immunoglobulins.
Aluminium in the blood and urine of industrially exposed workers.
A leukocyte adherence inhibition (LAI) assay of anti-tumor immunity in rats using selective radioimmunological assessment of adherence of T lymphocytes and monocytes.
Cloning of human hybridoma, myeloma and lymphoma cell lines using enriched human monocytes as feeder layer.
[Tuberculosis among Swedish adolescents aged 15-19. Special attention should be given to adolescents with highly increased tuberculin activity].
Barrett's esophagus: a review.
Effect of estrogen treatment on calcium uptake by the rat uterine smooth muscle.
Urine chromium as an estimator of air exposure to stainless steel welding fumes.
Some factors influencing quality of sexual life after myocardial infarction.
The sexual experience in younger males with complete spinal cord injury.
Electrically induced relaxation of the noradrenaline contracted isolated urethra from rabbit and man.
Quantitative analysis of rat Ig (sub) classes binding to cell surface antigens.
Contractile effects of some polypeptides on the isolated urinary bladder of guinea-pig, rabbit, and rat.
Adjustment to life after stroke with special reference to sexual intercourse and leisure.
Treatment of a presymptomatic 14-year-old girl with Wilson's disease.
Fractionation of rat IgG subclasses and screening for IgG Fc-binding to bacteria.
Echo- and electrocardiographic findings in relation to autopsy in myocardial infarction.
Aspects on the physiology and pharmacology of the bladder and urethra.
The occurrence of Campylobacter jejuni in fresh food and survival under different conditions.
ANAE staining pattern of rat lymphocytes: lack of correlation with lymphocyte subclasses.
Bacterial survival in a dilute environment.
Antimicrobial susceptibility of Campylobacter jejuni isolated from humans with diarrhoea and from healthy chickens.
Enhanced growth of colon carcinoma isografts in rats concurrently receiving organ allografts.
Bone marrow morphology in patients in long-term treatment with azathioprine.
Evaluation of some lubricants by the comparison of friction coefficients and tablet properties.
Assets of the elderly as they retire.
In situ and laboratory studies of bacterial survival using a microporous membrane sandwich.
Frusemide pharmacokinetics in patients with liver disease.
QTc intervals in acute myocardial infarction: first-year prognostic implications.
Hard metal lung disease: importance of cobalt in coolants.
Induction of transplantation immunity to rat colon carcinoma isografts by implantation of intact fetal colon tissue.
Effect of metoprolol on QTc intervals after acute myocardial infarction.
Capacity of anaerobic bacteria from necrotic dental pulps to induce purulent infections.
Cyclic AMP formation of isolated human corpora lutea in response to HCG - interference by PGF2 alpha.
Inhibition of ATP-induced contraction in the guinea-pig urinary bladder in vitro and in vivo.
Early mobilization and discharge of patients with acute myocardial infarction. A prospective study using risk indicators and early exercise tests.
The influence of vitamin B6 supplementation on the bone marrow morphology in patients on regular haemodialysis treatment. A double-blind study.
Serosal laceration: a complication of intra-operative colonoscopy explained by transmural pressure gradients.
Benign cementoblastoma--cementum analogue of benign osteoblastoma?
Electrocardiographic changes in right ventricular infarction. A case report.
The influence of the tablet thickness on measurements of friction during tableting.
Transcatheter arterial embolization of normal livers and experimental hepatic tumours in the rat.
The circulation in liver tissue and experimental liver metastases before and after embolization of the liver artery.
Multiple lesions of the lip exhibiting the "Jadassohn phenomenon". Review of the literature and report of a case.
The effects of some anticholinergic compounds on the rabbit ureter.
Side-effects of BCG vaccination.
Bone marrow morphology in patients on regular haemodialysis treatment.
14C vitamin A in developing rat teeth and bone. A whole body-autoradiographic study.
Amoeboid movement configuration in tumour cells of bone marrow smears from patients with leukaemia. Incidence and significance.
Proceedings: Ventricular arrhythmias three weeks and one year after acute myocardial infarction (AMI).
Pharmacoangiography in experimental tumours. Evaluation of vasoactive drugs.
The value of an oscilloscope in routine checking of pacemakers.
Different composition and mitotic activity of the haemopoietic tissue in bone marrow, spleen and liver in chronic myeloid leukaemia.
Pharmacokinetics of procainamide intravenously and orally as conventional and slow-release tablets.
Relation between chromosomes and mitotic activity in acute myeloid leukemia.
Megaloblastic changes and chromosome abnormalities of erythropoietic cells in acute myeloid leukaemia.
Defective differentiation of megakaryocytes in acute myeloid leukemia.
Influence of the dissolution rate of lithium tablets on side-effect.
[Senile dementia--one or more diseases?].
Induction of mammary fibroadenomas in rats by adenovirus type 9.
DC electroconversion of patients with atrial fibrillation admitted to a coronary care unit.
Relation between life expectancy and composition of the bone marrow at diagnosis of chronic myeloid leukaemia.
Composition and mitotic activity of the erythropoietic part of the bone marrow in chronic myeloid leukaemia.
Trisomy G-21 in adult myelomonocytic leukaemia. An abnormality common to granulocytic and monocytic cells.
Pharmacokinetic studies on proxyphylline administered intravenously and orally to man.
Plasma levels of free polyunsaturated fatty acids in patients with ischemic heart disease.
Strength of the insoluble residues of plastic matrix slow release tablets (Duretter) in vitro and in vivo.
Cell-mediated immunity and blocking serum activity to tolerated allografts in rats.
Influence of gonadotrophins and cyclic AMP on carbohydrate and protein metabolism in the immature rat ovary.
Correlation between changes in antitumor immune parameters and tumor growth in vivo in rats.
Effects of BCG on various facets of the immune response against polyoma tumors in rats.
Evaluation of indicator dilution curve areas.
In vitro testing of enhancement.
Relationship between blocking and unblocking activity and tumor growth in vivo.
Transillumination of the skull in infants and children. Recording with a new point scale.
Counteractions of the blocking of cell-mediated tumor immunity by inoculation of unblocking sera and splenectomy: immunotherapeutic effects on primary polyoma tumors in rats.
Elution of "blocking factors" from human tumors, capable of abrogating tumor-cell destruction by specifically immune lymphocytes.
Facilitation of polyoma tumor growth in rats by blocking sera and tumor eluate.
II. Electrocardiographic changes.
Studies of myocardial rupture with cardiac tamponade in acute myocardial infarction. I. Clinical features.
Blood concentration of lidocaine during continuous epidural blockade.
[Studies of thrombosis following prostate operations (Preliminary report)].
"Unblocking" serum activity in vitro in the polyoma system may correlate with antitumour effects of antiserum in vivo.
Malnutrition and size of the cerebral ventricles. Echoencephalographic studies in infants and young children. Preliminary communication.
[Method study of thermodilution technics for human cardiac output determination].
Suggestive evidence that the "blocking antibodies" of tumor-bearing individuals may be antigen--antibody complexes.
Four cases of massive digitalis poisoning.
Side-effects of potassium chloride in products with different dissolution rates.
Cellular immunity to Rous sarcoma in tumor-bearing chickens.
[Clinical experience in the diagnosis of thrombosis by use of 125 I-fibrinogen].
A comparison between the thermal dilution method and the direct Fick and the dye dilution methods for cardiac output measurements in man.
Nonexistence of large mascons at mare marginis and mare orientale.
Cross-reaction between TSTAs of tumors induced by adenoviruses of groups A and B.
Cross-reacting TSTAs in adeno 7 and 12 tumors demonstrated by 51Cr-cytotoxicity and isograft rejection tests.
Cytotoxic antibodies against adeno tumors in rabbit anti-adenovirus immune sera.
Effect of BCG and allogeneic tumor cells on adenovirus type 12 tumorigenesis in mice.
A simple apparatus and procedure for electrofocusing experiments: pL of lactate dehydrogenase and isocitrate lyase.
[Working site for urologic radiography].
Lunar gravity: preliminary estimates from lunar orbiter.
Evidence for multiple forms of isocitrate lyase in Neurospora crassa.
Kinetics of effect levels after hyoscyamine in sustained-release tablets.
A critical evaluation of the calcium balance technic. II. Dermal calcium losses.
Specific transplantation antigens of mouse sarcomas induced by adenovirus type 12.
Epizootiology of Trypanosoma cruzi in southwestern North America. 8. Nocturnal flights of Triatoma protracta (Uhler) as indicated by collections at black light traps (Hemiptera: Reduviidae: Triatominae).
Demonstration of H-2 isoantigens and polyoma specific tumor antigens by measuring colony formation in vitro.
Isograft resistance to Rous sarcomas in mice inoculated with Rous chicken sarcoma when newborn.
Plasma-sodium levels and the "protein interference effect".
Indirect estimation of dermal losses of potassium in human metabolic balance studies.
[Congenital hydrocephalus. I. General survey].
Metabolic studies and determination of aldosterone secretion rate in a case of aldosteroma.
Polyoma-induced tumors in mice. Histology and transplantation characteristics.
Polyoma-induced tumors in mice. In vitro studies.
[A case of poisoning by diethylpropion (Danylen)].
[Tuberculosis therapy and drug resistance].
Plasma 17-hydroxycorticosteroids in Cushing's syndrome.
Studies on the effect of isoantiserum on mouse sarcoma cells.
Humoral and cellular factors in homograft and isograft immunity against sarcoma cells.
Essential tremor: a clinical and genetic population study.
Surgical treatment of acromegaly.
[Surgical treatment of acromegaly].
A clinical and genetico-statistical study of schizophrenia and low-grade mental deficiency in a large Swedish rural population.
The changing age-structure in Sweden and its impact on mental illness.
Oligophrenia in combination with congenital ichthyosis and spastic disorders; a clinical and genetic study.
[History of the medical societies of Central Scania; Lund Medical Society 1906-1924].
Tentorial herniations.  III.  Angiography.
Tentorial herniations.  I.  Anatomy.
[Not Available].
The EEG in presenile and senile patients.
Content and distribution of potassium and chloride in adults.
Body water and sodium in patients with acromegaly.
[Endocrine function tests. II. Determination of fluid and electrolyte distribution in the body].
Disturbed electrolyte metabolism in two cases of nervous anorexia.
Non-specific granulomatous panophthalmitis and cellulitis orbitae.
The electrocardiogram and potassium metabolism during administration of ACTH, cortisone, and desoxycorticosterone acetate.
Metabolic studies with desoxycorticosterone acetate (DAC).
ACTH and keratoconjunctivitis sicca.
A comparative study of the metabolic effect of adrenocorticotrophic hormone (ACTH), cortisone, and desoxycorticosterone acetate (DCA).
[Metabolic effect of ACTH, cortisone and DOCA].
Metabolic studies with cortisone.
Alacrimia congenita.
The effect of desoxycorticosterone acetate (DCA) on blood pressure and renal function in human subjects.
[Therapeutic use of the adrenal cortex hormones].
The significance of renal function for the effect of desoxycorticosterone acetate in Addison's disease.
The effect of desoxycorticosterone acetate and sodium chloride, thyroxin and testosterone propionate in a case of panhypoadenopituitarism (Simmonds' disease) with special reference to kidney function and blood pressure.
[Not Available].
Oxidative stress in autoimmune rheumatic diseases.
[Protective mechanism of XinFeng capsule on Sojgren syndrome  rat pulmonary function based on the TGF-β1-ERK1 signal pathway].
Current concepts on Sjögren's syndrome - classification criteria and biomarkers.
Disruption of endothelial barrier function is linked with hyposecretion and lymphocytic infiltration in salivary glands of Sjögren's syndrome.
Neurosjögren: early therapy is associated with successful outcomes.
Hypokalemic Paralysis Secondary to Renal Tubular Acidosis Revealing Underlying Sjogren's Syndrome.
Serum Immunoglobulin Free Light Chain Assessment in IgG4-Related Disease.
Enteropathic spondyloarthritis: from diagnosis to treatment.
Systemic vasculitis during the course of systemic sclerosis: report of 12 cases and review of the literature.
Benefits of long-term pilocarpine due to increased muscarinic acetylcholine receptor 3 in salivary glands.
Tubulointerstitial nephritis and Fanconi syndrome in a patient with primary Sjögren's syndrome accompanied by antimitochondrial antibodies: A case report and review of the literature.
Sjögren's syndrome concurrent with protein-losing gastroenteropathy with secondary systemic capillary leak syndrome : A case report.
Interstitial lung disease in non-sicca onset primary Sjögren's syndrome: a large-scale case-control study.
Cytokine markers of B lymphocytes in minor salivary gland infiltrates in Sjögren's syndrome.
Anti-IL-7 receptor-α treatment ameliorates newly established Sjögren's-like exocrinopathy in non-obese diabetic mice.
Unique glandular ex-vivo Th1 and Th17 receptor motifs in Sjögren's syndrome patients using single-cell analysis.
TBK1: A key regulator and potential treatment target for interferon positive Sjögren's syndrome, systemic lupus erythematosus and systemic sclerosis.
Aberrant cell signalling in PBMCs upon IFN-α stimulation in primary Sjögren's syndrome patients associates with type I interferon signature.
Systemic activation of NLRP3 inflammasome in patients with severe primary Sjögren's syndrome fueled by inflammagenic DNA accumulations.
Autoantibodies from Sjögren's syndrome trigger apoptosis in salivary gland cell line.
Deletion of interferon-γ delays onset and severity of dacryoadenitis in CD25KO mice.
Use of containers with sterilizing filter in autologous serum eyedrops.
The Goteborg MCI study: mild cognitive impairment is a heterogeneous condition.
Inverse correlation between the number of CXCR3<sup>+</sup> macrophages and the severity of inflammatory lesions in Sjögren's syndrome salivary glands: A pilot study.
The rheumatic disease-associated FAM167A-BLK locus encodes DIORA-1, a novel disordered protein expressed highly in bronchial epithelium and alveolar macrophages.
Recurrent idiopathic pulmonary hemosiderosis after long-term remission presented with Sjogren's syndrome: Idiopathic no more?
T follicular-like helper cells in the peripheral blood of patients with primary Sjögren's syndrome.
Diminished CXCR5 expression in peripheral blood of patients with Sjögren's syndrome may relate to both genotype and salivary gland homing.
The prognosis of pulmonary arterial hypertension associated with primary Sjögren's syndrome: a cohort study.
Precise probes of type II interferon activity define the origin of interferon signatures in target tissues in rheumatic diseases.
Atypical forms of optic neuritis.
Immune-mediated disorders among women carriers of fragile X premutation alleles.
Assessment of nailfold capillaroscopy by x 30 digital epiluminescence (dermoscopy) in patients with Raynaud phenomenon.
The Role of Long Non-coding RNAs in the Pathogenesis of RA, SLE, and SS.
Detection of atrophy of dorsal root ganglion with 3-T magnetic resonance neurography in sensory ataxic neuropathy associated with Sjögren's syndrome.
The tolerogenic peptide hCDR1 immunomodulates cytokine and regulatory molecule gene expression in blood mononuclear cells of primary Sjogren's syndrome patients.
P2Y<sub>2</sub> R deletion ameliorates sialadenitis in IL-14α-transgenic mice.
Prevalence of dry eye diseases in hospital-based population in West Bengal, Eastern India.
Is identification of anti-SSA and/or -SSB antibodies necessary in serum samples referred for antinuclear antibodies testing?
Clinical assessment of oral dryness: development of a scoring system related to salivary flow and mucosal wetness.
Optimizing conventional DMARD therapy for Sjögren's syndrome.
Markedly high salivary and lacrimal CXCL17 levels in primary Sjögren's syndrome.
[A case of HTLV-1-associated bronchiolitis with Sjögren's syndrome].
[Corneal complications after hematopoietic stem cell transplantation].
Oral manifestations of systemic autoimmune and inflammatory diseases: diagnosis and clinical management.
A high prevalence of autoimmune indices and disorders in primary nummular headache.
The relation between visual performance and clinical ocular manifestations in Stevens-Johnson syndrome.
Frequency of complications and usefulness of the minor salivary gland biopsy.
NK cell populations in collagen vascular disease.
Late-onset systemic lupus erythematosus in Northwestern Spain: differences with early-onset systemic lupus erythematosus and literature review.
Saliva levels of caspase-1, TNF-α, and IFN-γ in primary Sjögren's syndrome: oral mucosal abnormalities revisited
Elastographic ultrasound: an additional image tool in Sjögren's syndrome.
Rescue of autophagy and lysosome defects in salivary glands of MRL/lpr mice by a therapeutic phosphopeptide.
Emergence of Smoldering ANCA-associated Glomerulonephritis during the Clinical Course of Mixed Connective Tissue Disease and Sjögren's Syndrome.
Cutaneous manifestations of neonatal lupus: a case report.
Golimumab-exacerbated subacute cutaneous lupus erythematosus.
Pleuropulmonary pathology in patients with rheumatic disease.
Lymphocytic focus score is positively related to airway and interstitial lung diseases in primary Sjögren's syndrome.
Expression of interleukin-17 in primary Sjögren's syndrome and the correlation with disease severity: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Primary biliary cirrhosis in a genetically homogeneous population: disease associations and familial occurrence rates.
The expression of BAFF in the muscles of patients with dermatomyositis.
Clinical treatment of dry eye using 0.03% tacrolimus eye drops.
Comparative analysis of anxiety-depressive spectrum disorders in patients with rheumatic diseases.
Characteristics and risk factors of pulmonary arterial hypertension in patients with primary Sjögren's syndrome.
Sjögren's and plasma cell variant Castleman disease: a case report.
Time-course of ultrasound abnormalities of major salivary glands in suspected Sjögren's syndrome.
Onset of connective tissue disease following anti-PD1/PD-L1 cancer immunotherapy.
Efficacy of tear eosinophil cationic protein level measurement using filter paper for diagnosing allergic conjunctival disorders.
Extrahepatic manifestations of chronic HCV infection.
Fibrous histiocytoma as first presentation in systemic lupus erythematosus and sero-positive Sjögren's syndrome.
Fibrillary Glomerulonephritis in a Patient with Sjogren's Syndrome.
Gastric MALT lymphoma treated with primary radiotherapy in the setting of autoimmune disease.
Migraine in Systemic Autoimmune Diseases.
Hypertrophic Pachymeningitis in Sjögren's Syndrome.
Increased proportion of a CD38<sup>high</sup>IgD<sup>+</sup> B cell subset in peripheral blood is associated with clinical and immunological features in patients with primary Sjögren's syndrome.
Ductal cells of minor salivary glands in Sjögren's syndrome express LINE-1 ORF2p and APOBEC3B.
Combined interventional sialendoscopy and intraductal steroid therapy for recurrent sialadenitis in Sjögren's syndrome: Results of a pilot monocentric trial.
Necrotizing cervical lymphadenitis due to disseminated Histoplasma capsulatum infection.
[Clinicopathological Analysis of Autoimmune Hepatitis with Sjögren's Syndrome].
Cone beam computerized tomography sialography-An emerging novel diagnostic tool for Sjogren's syndrome.
Investigation of autoantibodies to SP-1 in Chinese patients with primary Sjögren's syndrome.
Bilateral striopallidodentate calcinosis associated with Sjögren's syndrome and IgDλ monoclonal gammopathy of undetermined significance.
Defective regulation of L1 endogenous retroelements in primary Sjogren's syndrome and systemic lupus erythematosus: Role of methylating enzymes.
Can low dose diagnostic dental radiation trigger Sjögren's syndrome?
[Diffuse infiltrative lymphocytosis syndrome (DILS) associated with HIV-1 infection: first Senegalese case report].
PBC and related extrahepatic diseases.
Implant-supported Prostheses in Patient with Sjögren's Syndrome: Clinical Report with 3-year Follow-up.
Evaluation of pancreatic exocrine functions in rheumatoid arthritis.
Pathogenesis-based treatments in primary Sjogren's syndrome using artificial intelligence and advanced machine learning techniques: a systematic literature review.
A Case of Sjögren's Syndrome Complicated with Interstitial Nephritis and Delayed Onset Autoimmune Hepatitis.
Ultrasound elastography in assessment of salivary glands involvement in primary Sjögren's syndrome.
Identification of Moesin as a Novel Autoantigen in Patients with Sjögren's Syndrome.
How stress contributes to autoimmunity-lessons from Sjögren's syndrome.
Thin-section chest CT findings in systemic lupus erythematosus with antiphospholipid syndrome: a comparison with systemic lupus erythematosus without antiphospholipid syndrome.
Analysis of IgG4 class switch-related molecules in IgG4-related disease.
Fatigue and severity of rheumatoid arthritis in Moroccan patients.
Delayed-type hypersensitivity to metals in connective tissue diseases and fibromyalgia.
Th17 cells in primary Sjögren's syndrome: Pathogenicity and plasticity.
An influenza A(H3) reassortant was epidemic in Australia and New Zealand in 2003.
Lymphocytic mastitis preceding Sjögren's syndrome.
Sequence variants in nine different genes underlying rare skin disorders in 10 consanguineous families.
A case of neuromyelitis optica spectrum disorder presenting with undiagnosed Sjogren's syndrome and a single, atypical tumefactive lesion: A clinical conundrum.
Autoimmune hepatitis/primary biliary cirrhosis overlap syndrome and associated extrahepatic autoimmune diseases.
Prevalence of autoimmune diseases in in-patients with schizophrenia: nationwide population-based study.
Antigenic challenge in the etiology of autoimmune disease in women.
The use of muscle biopsy in the diagnosis of undefined ataxia with cerebellar atrophy in children.
Influence of Hormones on Sjögren's Syndrome.
Associations between Depressive Disorders and Inflammatory Rheumatic Diseases.
Pregnancy probabilistically augments potential precursors to chronic, immune-mediated or autoimmune lacrimal gland infiltrates.
Renal involvement in primary Sjögren's syndrome: A retrospective study of 103 biopsy-proven cases from a single center in China.
The unmet need in rheumatology: Reports from the targeted therapies meeting 2017.
Enhanced expression of NLRP3 inflammasome-related inflammation in peripheral blood mononuclear cells in Sjögren's syndrome.
IL-17 polarization of MAIT cells is derived from the activation of two different pathways.
High total cholesterol levels in late life associated with a reduced risk of dementia.
[Clinicopathologic features of primary thymic extranodal marginal zone B-cell lymphoma of mucosa-associated lymphoid tissue type].
Clinical features of 405 Japanese patients with systemic sclerosis.
Comparison of performance of the 2016 ACR-EULAR classification criteria for primary Sjögren's syndrome with other sets of criteria in Japanese patients.
[Dysthyroidism and connective pathology].
Primary Sjögren's syndrome associated with non-Hodgkin's lymphoma of salivary gland and cystic lung disease.
Rheumatologic manifestations of chronic hepatitis C infection.
Imaging rheumatic diseases.
Screening for IgG antinuclear autoantibodies by HEp-2 indirect fluorescent antibody assays and the need for standardization.
Chronic urticaria and autoimmunity: associations found in a large population study.
Antibodies against citrullinated alpha enolase peptides in primary Sjogren's syndrome.
Depressed serum IgM levels in SLE are restricted to defined subgroups.
P2X7 receptor antagonism prevents IL-1β release from salivary epithelial cells and reduces inflammation in a mouse model of autoimmune exocrinopathy.
cDNA microarray analysis identifies NR4A2 as a novel molecule involved in the pathogenesis of Sjögren's syndrome.
The autoimmunity-oral microbiome connection.
Y RNA derived small RNAs in Sjögren's syndrome: Candidate biomarkers?
Diffusional kurtosis imaging of parotid glands in Sjögren's syndrome: Initial findings.
Temporomandibular joint findings in patients with rheumatoid arthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, and primary Sjögren's syndrome.
Inflammatory myopathies with anti-Ku antibodies: a prognosis dependent on associated lung disease.
A review of 32 free flaps in patients with collagen vascular disorders.
The prevalence of dysphonia, its association with immunomediated diseases and correlation with biochemical markers.
Silica exposure is associated with increased risk of developing rheumatoid arthritis: results from the Swedish EIRA study.
Renal Tubular Acidosis in Patients with Primary Sjögren's Syndrome.
International consensus: What else can we do to improve diagnosis and therapeutic strategies in patients affected by autoimmune rheumatic diseases (rheumatoid arthritis, spondyloarthritides, systemic sclerosis, systemic lupus erythematosus, antiphospholipid syndrome and Sjogren's syndrome)?: The unmet needs and the clinical grey zone in autoimmune disease management.
The value of rituximab treatment in primary Sjögren's syndrome.
Innate immunity in Sjögren's syndrome.
Autoantibodies, detection methods and panels for diagnosis of Sjögren's syndrome.
Insight into pathogenesis of Sjögren's syndrome: Dissection on autoimmune infiltrates and epithelial cells.
Characterization of patients with arthritis referred for gold therapy in the era of biologics.
Translation, validation, and construct reliability of a Portuguese version of the Xerostomia Inventory.
Recurrence of autoimmune disease after autologous peripheral blood stem cell transplantation for multiple myeloma.
Parallel ocular and serologic course in a patient with early Sjogren's syndrome markers.
Restoration of CFTR Activity in Ducts Rescues Acinar Cell Function and Reduces Inflammation in Pancreatic and Salivary Glands of Mice.
Systemic manifestations of primary Sjögren's syndrome in the NOD.B10Sn-H2<sup>b</sup>/J mouse model.
Diffuse cystic lung disease of unexplained cause with coexistent small airway disease:  a possible causal relationship?
Degradation of proteoglycan 4/lubricin by cathepsin S: Potential mechanism for diminished ocular surface lubrication in Sjögren's syndrome.
The P2X7 receptor-NLRP3 inflammasome complex predicts the development of non-Hodgkin's lymphoma in Sjogren's syndrome: a prospective, observational, single-centre study.
Long-term follow-up of acute partial transverse myelitis.
Late onset vanishing white matter disease presenting with learning difficulties.
What can Sjögren's syndrome-like disease in mice contribute to human Sjögren's syndrome?
Sjogren's syndrome from the perspective of ophthalmology.
Clinical Spectrum, Therapeutic Outcomes, and Prognostic Predictors in Sjogren's Syndrome-associated Neuropathy.
FcRL4<sup>+</sup> B-cells in salivary glands of primary Sjögren's syndrome patients.
Standardisation of labial salivary gland biopsies in Sjogren's syndrome: importance for the practicing rheumatologist.
Flagellar filament structural protein induces Sjögren's syndrome-like sialadenitis in mice.
Chronic parotitis with multiple calcifications: Clinical and sialendoscopic findings.
The many faces of marginal zone lymphoma.
Neurological Disorders in Primary Sjögren's Syndrome.
International cohort study of 73 anti-Ku-positive patients: association of p70/p80 anti-Ku antibodies with joint/bone features and differentiation of disease populations by using principal-components analysis.
The emerging relationship between neuromyelitis optica and systemic rheumatologic autoimmune disease.
Other autosomal recessive and childhood ataxias.
Relevance of the inner mitochondrial membrane enzyme F1F0-ATPase as an autoantigen in autoimmune liver disorders.
Comorbid autoimmune diseases in patients with pemphigus: a nationwide case-control study in Taiwan.
Characteristics of Labial Gland Mesenchymal Stem Cells of Healthy Individuals and Patients with Sjögren's Syndrome: A Preliminary Study.
Prevalence of Sjögren's syndrome in Brazilian patients infected with human T-cell lymphotropic virus.
Corneal confocal microscopy alterations in Sjögren's syndrome dry eye.
Propylthiouracil-induced lupus, antiphospholipid syndrome, and stroke in a patient with Graves hyperthyroidism.
Pituitary and systemic autoimmunity in a case of intrasellar germinoma.
Chronic pulmonary complications associated with toxic epidermal necrolysis: report of a severe case with anti-Ro/SS-A and a review of the published work.
[Exophtalmia revealing a mantle cell lymphoma].
Is extra-glandular organ damage in primary Sjögren's syndrome related to the presence of systemic auto-antibodies and/or hypergammaglobulinemia? A long-term cohort study with 110 patients from the Netherlands.
Standardisation of labial salivary gland histopathology in clinical trials in primary Sjögren's syndrome.
Georges Marinesco (1863-1938): neurologist, neurohistologist and neuropathologist.
Syringomyelia and arachnoid cysts associated with spinal arachnoiditis following subarachnoid hemorrhage.
Urticarial vasculitis reveals unsuspected thyroiditis.
Anti-M(3) peptide IgG from Sjögren's syndrome triggers apoptosis in A253 cells.
Shrinking lung syndrome successfully treated with rituximab and cyclophosphamide.
Thoracic manifestations of collagen vascular diseases.
Banding pattern on polarized hair microscopic examination and unilateral polymicrogyria in a patient with steroid sulfatase deficiency.
Comparison of corneal biomechanics in Sjögren's syndrome and non-Sjögren's syndrome dry eyes by Scheimpflug based device.
Down-regulation of increased TRAF6 expression in the peripheral mononuclear cells of patients with primary Sjögren's syndrome by an EBV-EBER1-specific synthetic single-stranded complementary DNA molecule.
Simultaneously increased expression of microRNA-155 and suppressor of cytokine signaling 1 (SOCS1) gene in the peripheral blood mononuclear cells of patients with primary Sjögren's syndrome.
[Clinical diversity of HAM/TSP].
Clinical characteristics and survival of pulmonary arterial hypertension associated with three major connective tissue diseases: A cohort study in China.
Diagnostic accuracy of salivary and serum-free light chain assays in primary Sjögren's syndrome: a pilot study.
Secondary organic aerosols from anthropogenic and biogenic precursors.
The effect of simvastatin treatment on the amyloid precursor protein and brain cholesterol metabolism in patients with Alzheimer's disease.
Potential applications of human saliva as diagnostic fluid.
Is chronic cutaneous discoid lupus protective against severe renal disease in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus?
Corneal fluorescein staining correlates with visual function in dry eye patients.
Hepatitis C and interferon-associated retinopathy: a case report.
Recessive mutations in ELOVL4 cause ichthyosis, intellectual disability, and spastic quadriplegia.
Clinical features of neuromyelitis optica in a large Japanese cohort: comparison between phenotypes.
Coexistence of ulcerative colitis and Sjögren's syndrome in a patient with Takayasu's arteritis and Hashimoto's thyroiditis.
Accidental hydroxychloroquine overdose resulting in neurotoxic vestibulopathy.
Subacute Cerebellar Degeneration as the First Manifestation of Sjögren's Syndrome.
B7-H4 deficiency in salivary gland of patients with primary Sjögren's syndrome impairs the regulatory effect on T cells.
Thrombospondin-derived peptide attenuates Sjögren's syndrome-associated ocular surface inflammation in mice.
Hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis in a patient with Sjögren's syndrome: case report and review.
Use of T1ρMR imaging in Sjögren's syndrome with normal appearing parotid glands: Initial findings.
Contrasting expression pattern of RNA-sensing receptors TLR7, RIG-I and MDA5 in interferon-positive and interferon-negative patients with primary Sjögren's syndrome.
Functional Analysis of Dendritic Cells Generated from T-iPSCs from CD4+ T Cell Clones of Sjögren's Syndrome.
Cystic lung disease in Sjögren's syndrome: An observational study.
Cell apoptosis and proliferation in salivary glands of Sjögren's syndrome.
Anatomical utility of ultrasound biomicroscopy in the lacrimal drainage system.
Primary Sjögren's Syndrome First Presenting as Hypokalemic Quadriparesis.
IgG4-related sialadenitis and Sjögren's syndrome.
Serum cystatin C is not an appropriate marker for kidney involvement in patients with primary Sjögren's syndrome.
Longitudinal extensive transverse myelitis--it's not all neuromyelitis optica.
Combined application of autologous serum eye drops and silicone hydrogel lenses for the treatment of persistent epithelial defects.
Secondary Sjogren's Syndrome Presenting with Distal Tubular Acidosis and Quadriparesis.
Detection of Autoantibodies against Aquaporin-1 in the Sera of Patients with Primary Sjögren's Syndrome.
Elucidating the role of hyposalivation and autoimmunity in oral candidiasis.
Endoscopic-assisted management of chronic sialadenitis.
US-guided interventional joint procedures in patients with rheumatic diseases--when and how we do it?
Acute progressive human T-lymphotropic virus type 1-associated myelopathy with Sjögren's syndrome: Cause or coincidence?
Sjögren's syndrome-associated myositis with germinal centre-like structures.
Clinical utility of circulating anti-N-methyl-<sub>d</sub>-aspartate receptor subunits NR2A/B antibody for the diagnosis of neuropsychiatric syndromes in systemic lupus erythematosus and Sjögren's syndrome: An updated meta-analysis.
Evaluation of ovarian reserve using anti-müllerian hormone and antral follicle count in Sjögren's syndrome: Preliminary study.
RORγt antagonist suppresses M3 muscarinic acetylcholine receptor-induced Sjögren's syndrome-like sialadenitis.
[Clinical features of tetanus: a review with case reports].
Cell-specific epigenome-wide DNA methylation profile in long-term cultured minor salivary gland epithelial cells from patients with Sjögren's syndrome.
Comparison of the Big Five personality traits in fibromyalgia and other rheumatic diseases.
A case of severe acquired hypertriglyceridemia in a 7-year-old girl.
Leptin/OB-R signaling is elevated in mice with Sjögren's syndrome and is implicated in disease pathogenesis.
2016 American College of Rheumatology/European League Against Rheumatism classification criteria for primary Sjögren's syndrome: A consensus and data-driven methodology involving three international patient cohorts.
Interstitial lung disease in primary Sjögren's syndrome.
Diagnostic performance of MR imaging of three major salivary glands for Sjögren's syndrome.
Update on Pathogenesis of Sjogren's Syndrome.
Anticentromere antibody-positive primary Sjögren's syndrome: Epitope analysis of a subset of anticentromere antibody-positive patients.
Eosinophilic gastrointestinal disorder preceding Sjögren's syndrome.
No Zinc Deficiency But a Putative Immunosuppressive Role for Labile Zn in Patients with Systemic Autoimmune Disease.
HCV-Related Rheumatic Manifestations and Therapeutic Strategies.
Periodontal status of adults with systemic sclerosis: case-control study.
Rituximab-associated progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy in rheumatoid arthritis.
Characteristics of germinal center-like structures in patients with Sjögren's syndrome.
Lesional CD4+ IFN-γ+ cytotoxic T lymphocytes in IgG4-related dacryoadenitis and sialoadenitis.
Agranulocytosis and mixed-type autoimmune hemolytic anemia in primary sjögren's syndrome: a case report and review of the literature.
IgV peptide mapping of native Ro60 autoantibody proteomes in primary Sjögren's syndrome reveals molecular markers of Ro/La diversification.
Sicca symptoms are associated with similar fatigue, anxiety, depression, and quality-of-life impairments in patients with and without primary Sjögren's syndrome.
Bronchial inflammation, respiratory symptoms and lung function in Primary Sjögren's syndrome.
Characterizing Restorative Dental Treatments of Sjögren's Syndrome Patients Using Electronic Dental Records Data.
Inflammatory arthritis and sicca syndrome induced by nivolumab and ipilimumab.
Challenges in understanding Sjögren's syndrome--improved insights into the pathogenesis generate hope for innovative therapies?
Identification of quantitative trait loci for murine autoimmune pancreatitis.
Human paraoxonase 1 is the enzyme responsible for pilocarpine hydrolysis.
[Acquired Gitelman syndrome associated with Sjögren's syndrome and scleroderma].
Genome-wide DNA methylation analysis in multiple tissues in primary Sjögren's syndrome reveals regulatory effects at interferon-induced genes.
Towards personalised treatment in primary Sjögren's syndrome: baseline parotid histopathology predicts responsiveness to rituximab treatment.
RNA-induced silencing complex-bound small interfering RNA is a determinant of RNA interference-mediated gene silencing in mice.
Intraductally applied contrast-enhanced ultrasound (IA-CEUS) for evaluating obstructive disease and secretory dysfunction of the salivary glands.
SIGLEC1 is a biomarker of disease activity and indicates extraglandular manifestation in primary Sjögren's syndrome.
Increased frequency of the PTPN22W* variant in primary Sjogren's Syndrome: Association with low type I IFN scores.
International diagnostic guidelines for patients with HCV-related extrahepatic manifestations. A multidisciplinary expert statement.
The role of microRNAs in the pathogenesis of autoimmune diseases.
Lymphoepithelial infiltrate of palatal minor salivary glands: implications for diagnostic work-up.
Pro-inflammatory cytokines enhance ERAD and ATF6α pathway activity in salivary glands of Sjögren's syndrome patients.
Telocytes, communicators in healthy stroma and relation to inflammation and fibrosis.
Illness Experiences in Women with Oral Dryness as a Result of Sjögren's Syndrome: The Patient Point of View.
[Normal and pathological structural features of lacrimal gland based on spatial ultrasound digital examination].
Neonatal lupus erythematosus in identical twins, showing transient bullous lesions.
Interleukin-17 in various ocular surface inflammatory diseases.
Mevalonate kinase deficiency: a survey of 50 patients.
Clinical significance of anti-Ro52 (TRIM21) antibodies non-associated with anti-SSA 60kDa antibodies: results of a multicentric study.
Frequency of pleural effusions in patients with pulmonary arterial hypertension associated with connective tissue diseases.
Significance and Implications of Patient-reported Xerostomia in Sjögren's Syndrome: Findings From the National Institutes of Health Cohort.
AT-RvD1 combined with DEX is highly effective in treating TNF-α-mediated disruption of the salivary gland epithelium.
Interleukin-15 as a potential new target in Sjögren's syndrome-associated inflammation.
Clinical and immunological consequences of total glucosides of paeony treatment in Sjögren's syndrome: A randomized controlled pilot trial.
Immunoglobulin G4-related sclerosing disease Mimicking sjogren's syndrome: A case report.
Human leukocyte antigens class II genes are associated with cancer development in the autoimmune rheumatic diseases.
[Detecting anti-cyclic citrullinated peptide antibody in patients with connective tissue diseases].
HLA DRB1/DQB1 alleles and DRB1-DQB1 haplotypes and the risk of rheumatoid arthritis in Tunisians: a population-based case-control study.
Infective endocarditis of an aortic intimal flap due to Streptococcus agalactiae in a patient with Sjögren's syndrome: an unusual clinical case report.
High soluble IL-7 receptor expression in Sjögren's syndrome identifies patients with increased immunopathology and dryness.
A validated method of labial minor salivary gland biopsy for the diagnosis of Sjögren's syndrome.
Cognition, depression, fatigue, and quality of life in primary Sjögren's syndrome: correlations.
Orofacial manifestations in patients with inflammatory rheumatic diseases.
Higher frequency of brain abnormalities in neuromyelitis optica spectrum disorder patients without primary Sjögren's syndrome.
Frequency of dental caries in active and inactive systemic lupus erythematous patients: salivary and bacterial factors.
Dental Implants in Patients with Sjögren's Syndrome.
[Remission of vitiligo during treatment with intravenous immunoglobulin: report of one case].
Interstitial lung disease and gastroesophageal reflux disease: key role of esophageal function tests in the diagnosis and treatment.
New Treatment Guidelines for Sjögren's Disease.
The Proteomics of Saliva in Sjögren's Syndrome.
A case of atypical inflammatory myositis with hypergammaglobulinemic purpura.
Targeting the Ca(2+) Sensor STIM1 by Exosomal Transfer of Ebv-miR-BART13-3p is Associated with Sjögren's Syndrome.
Efficacy of abatacept for IgG4-related disease over 8 months.
Anti-signal recognition particle antibody-positive polymyositis in a patient with Sjögren's syndrome showing various types of annular erythema: Positive correlation between the activities of annular erythema and myositis.
Three cases of pigmented cosmetic dermatitis-like eruptions associated with primary Sjögren's syndrome or anti-SSA antibody.
Antibodies against carbamylated proteins are present in primary Sjögren's syndrome and are associated with disease severity.
Update on the aldehyde dehydrogenase gene (ALDH) superfamily.
[Autosomal recessive cerebellar ataxias].
Autoimmune brachial amyotrophic diplegia and sensory neuronopathy with Sjögren's syndrome: A case report.
Sonoelastographic Modalities in the Evaluation of Salivary Gland Characteristics in Sjögren's Syndrome.
Fatigue in primary Sjögren's syndrome is associated with lower levels of proinflammatory cytokines.
Effect of Hydroxychloroquine Treatment on Dry Eyes in Subjects with Primary Sjögren's Syndrome: a Double-Blind Randomized Control Study.
Concise Review: Stem Cell Trials Using Companion Animal Disease Models.
Ultrasound of the salivary glands is a strong predictor of labial gland biopsy histopathology in patients with sicca symptoms.
Clinical predictors of silent but substantial liver fibrosis in primary Sjogren's syndrome.
[Ocular surface and hepatitis C].
[Progressive hoarseness].
Interleukin-4 receptor alpha polymorphisms in primary Sjögren's syndrome.
[A case of pulmonary-limited Wegener granulomatosis mimicking bacterial pneumonia caused by Staphylococcus aureus].
The sparkle of the eye: the impact of ocular surface wetness on corneal light reflection.
BAFF overexpression increases lymphocytic infiltration in Sjögren's target tissue, but only inefficiently promotes ectopic B-cell differentiation.
Overlap syndrome with Sjögren's syndrome and systemic sclerosis in a steel rolling mill worker: a case report.
Imbalanced Rab3D versus Rab27 increases cathepsin S secretion from lacrimal acini in a mouse model of Sjögren's Syndrome.
Cytometry by time-of-flight immunophenotyping identifies a blood Sjögren's signature correlating with disease activity and glandular inflammation.
Need for consensus guidelines to standardise the assessment of germinal centres and other histopathological parameters in salivary gland tissue of patients with primary Sjögren's syndrome.
Comparison of antibody assays for detection of autoantibodies to Ro 52, Ro 60 and La associated with primary Sjögren's syndrome.
Increased risk of concurrent gastroesophageal reflux disease among patients with Sjögren's syndrome: A nationwide population-based study.
Rheumatologic disease and the liver.
Cerebral air embolism as a complication of computed tomography-guided marking of the lung: depiction of air inflow route from a pulmonary vein to the left atrium.
Prolactin and autoimmunity.
Evaluation of the oral component of Sjögren's syndrome: An overview.
Epitope spreading induced by immunization with synthetic SSB peptides.
Anterior horn syndrome: A rare manifestation of primary Sjögren's syndrome.
Klinefelter's syndrome (47,XXY) is in excess among men with Sjögren's syndrome.
Association of BAFF and IL-17A with subphenotypes of primary Sjögren's syndrome.
[Autoimmune thyroid disease and other non-endocrine autoimmune diseases].
Acupuncture for treating dry eye: a systematic review.
Can ARFI elastometry of the salivary glands contribute to the diagnosis of Sjögren's syndrome?
[microRNA in autoimmune disorders].
[Interstitial lymphoid pneumonia associated with common variable immunodeficiency].
Improvement of rheumatoid arthritis and autoimmune hepatitis in a patient treated with the tumor necrosis factor inhibitor, etanercept.
Anti-glutamic Acid decarboxylase antibody-associated ataxia as an extrahepatic autoimmune manifestation of hepatitis C infection: a case report.
Lamellar keratoplasty using gamma-irradiated corneal lenticules.
Anesthetic management of patient with Sjogren's syndrome who underwent cesarean section: a case report.
Primary Sjögren's syndrome presenting with multiple aneurysmal dilatation of cerebral arteries and causing repetitive intracranial hemorrhage.
Towards standardisation of histopathological assessments of germinal centres and lymphoid structures in primary Sjögren's syndrome.
In primary Sjögren's syndrome high absolute numbers and proportions of B cells in parotid glands predict responsiveness to rituximab as defined by ESSDAI, but not by SSRI.
Do high numbers of salivary gland-infiltrating B cells predict better or worse outcomes after rituximab in patients with primary Sjögren's syndrome?
Interleukin (IL)-17-producing pathogenic T lymphocytes co-express CD20 and are depleted by rituximab in primary Sjögren's syndrome: a pilot study.
PUF60: a prominent new target of the autoimmune response in dermatomyositis and Sjögren's syndrome.
[Neonatal lupus erythematosus: a report of 7 cases and review of 87 cases of China].
Cutaneous vasculitis in systemic lupus erythematosus: association with anti-ribosomal P protein antibody and Raynaud phenomenon.
Histological improvement in salivary gland along with effector memory Th17-1 cell reduction in a primary Sjogren's syndrome patient with dermatomyositis and diffuse large B-cell lymphoma by R-CHOP therapy.
Defective DNA methylation in salivary gland epithelial acini from patients with Sjögren's syndrome is associated with SSB gene expression, anti-SSB/LA detection, and lymphocyte infiltration.
Is YouTube useful as a source of information for Sjögren's syndrome?
Germline variation of TNFAIP3 in primary Sjögren's syndrome-associated lymphoma.
Evaluation of different diagnostic criteria of diseases manifesting the oral cavity - A review. Part-1.
Sjögren's syndrome and multiple sclerosis: Two sides of the same coin?
Downstream activation of NF-κB in the EDA-A1/EDAR signalling in Sjögren's syndrome and its regulation by the ubiquitin-editing enzyme A20.
Overlap between differentially methylated DNA regions in blood B lymphocytes and genetic at-risk loci in primary Sjögren's syndrome.
Case Review of Sarcoidosis Resembling Sjogren's Syndrome.
Autoimmune diseases co-existing with hepatitis C virus infection.
Assessment of the Stiffness of Major Salivary Glands in Primary Sjögren's Syndrome through Quantitative Acoustic Radiation Force Impulse Imaging.
A prospective evaluation of dental and periodontal status in patients with suspected Sjögren's syndrome.
Interaction between innate immunity and Ro52-induced antibody causes Sjögren's syndrome-like disorder in mice.
Structure-based development of specific inhibitors for individual cathepsins and their medical applications.
[Hemophagocytic syndrome: report of 4 cases].
Long-term use of hydroxypropyl cellulose ophthalmic insert to relieve symptoms of dry eye in a contact lens wearer: case-based experience.
Chlamydia psittaci Infection in nongastrointestinal extranodal MALT lymphomas and their precursor lesions.
Functional visual acuity measurement in cataract and intraocular lens implantation.
Characterization of a rare IL-10-competent B-cell subset in humans that parallels mouse regulatory B10 cells.
Transient "sicca syndrome" during phenobarbital treatment.
The risk of lymphoma development in autoimmune diseases: a meta-analysis.
Epidemiology of neurological manifestations in Sjögren's syndrome: data from the French ASSESS Cohort.
Cytokine-induced STAT1 activation is increased in patients with primary Sjögren's syndrome.
Mobilization of lymphatic endothelial precursor cells and lymphatic neovascularization in primary Sjögren's syndrome.
Secreted autoantibody repertoires in Sjögren's syndrome and systemic lupus erythematosus: A proteomic approach.
Anti-Ro/SSA autoantibody-positive women's experience of information given on the risk of congenital heart block.
Atypical mycobacteria infection in an immunocompromised patient.
Diffusion-weighted magnetic resonance imaging of head and neck.
Pregnancy and autoimmune connective tissue diseases.
[Neuromyelitis optica spectrum disorders as initial presentation of Sjögren's syndrome: A case report].
Mimotope mimicking epidermal growth factor receptor alleviates mononuclear cell infiltration in exocrine glands induced by muscarinic acetylcholine 3 receptor.
Blood and salivary-gland BAFF-driven B-cell hyperactivity is associated to rituximab inefficacy in primary Sjögren's syndrome.
Sjögren's syndrome associated dry eye in a mouse model is ameliorated by topical application of integrin α4 antagonist GW559090.
Breakthrough pain characteristics and syndromes in patients with cancer pain. An international survey.
The history of Radiumhemmet in Stockholm in the period 1895-1950. The transformation of an outpatient clinic to an academic department,.
[Central nervous system involvement in systemic diseases: Spectrum of MRI findings].
Total glucosides of peony ameliorates Sjögren's syndrome by affecting Th1/Th2 cytokine balance.
Ocular manifestations of genetic skin disorders.
Early BAFF receptor blockade mitigates murine Sjögren's syndrome: Concomitant targeting of CXCL13 and the BAFF receptor prevents salivary hypofunction.
Structural organization and Zn2+-dependent subdomain interactions involving autoantigenic epitopes in the Ring-B-box-coiled-coil (RBCC) region of Ro52.
Primary Sjögren's Syndrome White Matter Changes and Cognitive Dysfunction.
Discrepancies in assessment of patients with rheumatoid arthritis and secondary Sjögren's syndrome by DAS28-ESR and DAS28-CRP.
Possible role of anti-SSA/Ro antibodies in the pathogenesis of pulmonary hypertension.
Paeoniflorin ameliorates symptoms of experimental Sjogren's syndrome associated with down-regulating Cyr61 expression.
A comprehensive investigation on the distribution of circulating follicular T helper cells and B cell subsets in primary Sjögren's syndrome and systemic lupus erythematosus.
Analysis of the downstream mediators of toll-like receptor 3-induced apoptosis in labial salivary glands in patients with Sjögren's syndrome.
Incidence of progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy in patients without HIV.
Approach to a patient with connective tissue disease.
Use of antimalarials in dermatology.
Brainstem involvement in Sjögren's syndrome-related sensory neuronopathy.
Nerve growth factor in rheumatic diseases.
[Primary Sjögren's syndrome: Expression of NF-κB in minor salivary glands].
Clinicopathologic similarities between Mikulicz disease and Küttner tumor.
Primary Sjögren's syndrome.
Cardiovascular risk and its modification in patients with connective tissue diseases.
Primary Sjögren's syndrome initially presenting as submandibular mucosa-associated lymphoid tissue lymphoma: A case report.
Serum antinuclear antibody may be associated with less severe disease activity in neuromyelitis optica.
Defining disease activity states and clinically meaningful improvement in primary Sjögren's syndrome with EULAR primary Sjögren's syndrome disease activity (ESSDAI) and patient-reported indexes (ESSPRI).
[Retrospective analysis of ocular cicatricial pemphigoid].
[AQP4 immunohistochemistry in neuromyelitis optica and multiple sclerosis: a neuropathological review].
A prospective analysis of anti-desmoglein antibody profiles in patients with rheumatoid arthritis treated with thiol compounds.
Regulation of mRNA caspase-8 levels by anti-nuclear autoantibodies.
Liver damage in primary biliary cirrhosis and accompanied by primary Sjögren's syndrome: a retrospective pilot study.
Retinal vasculitis associated with autoantibodies of primary Sjögren's syndrome after cataract surgery.
Periodontitis prevalence and serum antibody reactivity to periodontal bacteria in primary Sjögren's syndrome: a pilot study.
High circulating level of interleukin-18 in patients with primary Sjögren's syndrome is associated with disease activity.
Interstitial cystitis associated with primary Sjögren's syndrome successfully treated with a combination of tacrolimus and corticosteroid: A case report and literature review.
Autoimmune conditions and hairy cell leukemia: an exploratory case-control study.
Management of non-Hodgkin lymphomas arising at extranodal sites.
Nodal and extranodal plasmacytomas expressing immunoglobulin a: an indolent lymphoproliferative disorder with a low risk of clinical progression.
IL-22 regulation of functional gene expression in salivary gland cells.
Metabolomics analysis of saliva from patients with primary Sjögren's syndrome.
Epidemiology of primary Sjögren's syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Impact of the leucocyte immunoglobulin-like receptor A3 (LILRA3) on susceptibility and subphenotypes of systemic lupus erythematosus and Sjögren's syndrome.
[Lupus erythematosus. Wide range of symptoms through clinical variation, associated diseases and imitators].
Anti-NuMA1 and anti-NuMA2 (anti-HsEg5) antibodies: Clinical and immunological features: A propos of 40 new cases and review of the literature.
Entropy of corneal nerve fibers distribution observed by laser scanning confocal microscopy: A noninvasive quantitative method to characterize the corneal innervation in Sjogren's syndrome patients.
Silicone implants and lymphoma: The role of inflammation.
[Etiologic treatment of sicca syndrome. What can the rheumatologist offer?].
[Differential diagnosis of neuromyelitis optica spectrum disorders].
Two cases with pulmonary mucosa-associated lymphoid tissue lymphoma successfully treated with clarithromycin.
The proapoptotic activity of the Interferon-inducible gene IFI16 provides new insights into its etiopathogenetic role in autoimmunity.
Gastric variceal bleeding uncovering a rare association of CREST syndrome, primary biliary cirrhosis, nodular regenerative hyperplasia and pulmonary hypertension.
Serum vascular endothelial growth factor-D prospectively distinguishes lymphangioleiomyomatosis from other diseases.
Neuromuscular manifestations in hereditary haemochromatosis.
Autoimmune and Atopic Disorders and Risk of Classical Hodgkin Lymphoma.
Cholinergic anti-inflammatory pathway in the non-obese diabetic mouse model.
Nebulized isotonic saline improves voice production in Sjögren's syndrome.
Long noncoding RNAs could be potential key players in the pathophysiology of Sjögren's syndrome.
Anti-SSA/SSB-negative Sjögren's syndrome shows a lower prevalence of lymphoproliferative manifestations, and a lower risk of lymphoma evolution.
Pathogenic and Epiphenomenal Anti-DNA Antibodies in SLE.
Type I interferon system activation and association with disease manifestations in systemic sclerosis.
The point on the ongoing B-cell depleting trials currently in progress over the world in primary Sjögren's syndrome.
Five-year outcome of cholinergic treatment of Alzheimer's disease: early response predicts prolonged time until nursing home placement, but does not alter life expectancy.
Significantly reduced lymphadenopathy, salivary gland infiltrates and proteinuria in MRL-lpr/lpr mice treated with ultrasoluble curcumin/turmeric: increased survival with curcumin treatment.
IL-22 regulates lymphoid chemokine production and assembly of tertiary lymphoid organs.
Anti-centromere antibody-positive Sjögren's syndrome: A distinct clinical subgroup?
Neonatal lupus erythematosus: a review of 123 cases in China.
A review of salivary gland histopathology in primary Sjögren's syndrome with a focus on its potential as a clinical trials biomarker.
Diagnostic properties of ultrasound of major salivary glands in Sjögren's syndrome: a meta-analysis.
Rheumatologic manifestations of sarcoidosis.
Sexual dimorphism in an animal model of Sjögren's syndrome: a potential role for Th17 cells.
Increase in acrolein-conjugated immunoglobulins in saliva from patients with primary Sjögren's syndrome.
Study of microRNAs (miRNAs) that are predicted to target the autoantigens Ro/SSA and La/SSB in primary Sjögren's Syndrome.
Scleritis and multiple systemic autoimmune manifestations in chronic natural killer cell lymphocytosis associated with elevated TCRalpha/beta+CD3+CD4-CD8- double-negative T cells.
ANCA-associated vasculitis in patients with primary Sjögren's syndrome: detailed analysis of 7 new cases and systematic literature review.
Interleukin-36α axis is modulated in patients with primary Sjögren's syndrome.
The SSB-positive/SSA-negative antibody profile is not associated with key phenotypic features of Sjögren's syndrome.
Cardiovascular disease risk burden in primary Sjögren's syndrome: results of a population-based multicentre cohort study.
Association between clinical diagnostic tests and health-related quality of life surveys in patients with dry eye syndrome.
Demographic, lifestyle, medical and familial factors associated with primary biliary cirrhosis.
Influence of swallowing saliva repeatedly on oral moisture.
Reassortants in recent human influenza A and B isolates from South East Asia and Oceania.
An unusually dry story.
Type I and II interferon signatures in Sjogren's syndrome pathogenesis: Contributions in distinct clinical phenotypes and Sjogren's related lymphomagenesis.
Cardiac arrhythmias as the initial manifestation of adult primary Sjögren's syndrome: a case report and literature review.
Paeoniflorin down-regulates ATP-induced inflammatory cytokine production and P2X7R expression on peripheral blood mononuclear cells from patients with primary Sjögren's syndrome.
Pseudothrombocytosis caused by cryoglobulin crystals in a patient with primary Sjögren's syndrome.
A case of acquired Gitelman syndrome presenting as hypokalemic paralysis.
Patient reported outcomes of the -clinical use of a proprietary topical dry mouth product.
The association of Tyro3/Axl/Mer signaling with inflammatory response, disease activity in patients with primary Sjögren's syndrome.
STAT-5 is activated constitutively in T cells, B cells and monocytes from patients with primary Sjögren's syndrome.
Sjögren's syndrome complicated by interstitial cystitis: A case series and literature review.
In vivo confocal scanning laser microscopy in patients with primary Sjögren's syndrome: A monocentric experience.
[Systemic vasculitis: study of 27 cases in Senegal].
A case of hypertrophic cranial pachymeningitis presenting with scleritis in a patient with undifferentiated connective tissue disease.
Is rituximab effective for IgG4-related disease in the long term? Experience of cases treated with rituximab for 4 years.
Endoplasmic reticulum stress causes autophagy and apoptosis leading to cellular redistribution of the autoantigens Ro/Sjögren's syndrome-related antigen A (SSA) and La/SSB in salivary gland epithelial cells.
Autoimmune disease leading to pulmonary AL amyloidosis and pulmonary hypertension.
Th17 cells play a critical role in the development of experimental Sjögren's syndrome.
Development and use of touch - screen computer-assisted self interviewing in Portuguese patients with chronic immune diseases: evaluation of an electronic version of sf-36v2 .
A modified Schirmer test in dry eye and normal subjects: open versus closed eye and 1-minute versus 5-minute tests.
The Prevalence and clinical characteristics of primary Sjogren's syndrome patients with lung cancer: An analysis of ten cases in China and literature review.
Sjögren's syndrome presenting as hypokalemic paralysis.
Telocytes in minor salivary glands of primary Sjögren's syndrome: association with the extent of inflammation and ectopic lymphoid neogenesis.
Primary Sjögren's syndrome with chronic tubulointerstitial nephritis and lymphadenopathy mimicking IgG4-related disease.
Assessing the determination of salivary electrolytes and anti-Ro and anti-La antibodies for the diagnosis of Sjögren's syndrome (SS).
Clinical and laboratory profiles of primary Sjogren's syndrome in a Chinese population: A retrospective analysis of 315 patients.
Comorbid case of IgG4-related disease and primary Sjögren's syndrome.
Concurrent autoimmune diseases in patients with autoimmune hepatitis.
Voice disorders in Sjögren's syndrome: Prevalence and related risk factors.
Mechanisms involved in injury and repair of the murine lacrimal gland: role of programmed cell death and mesenchymal stem cells.
An immunocompromised woman with severe molluscum contagiosum that responded well to topical imiquimod: a case report and literature review.
Validation of the 5-Item Dry Eye Questionnaire (DEQ-5): Discrimination across self-assessed severity and aqueous tear deficient dry eye diagnoses.
ANCA-Associated Vasculitis in a Patient with Systematic Sclerosis and Sjögren's Syndrome: A Case Report.
Patients with overlap autoimmune disease differ from those with 'pure' disease.
Usefulness of MR imaging of the parotid glands in patients with secondary Sjögren's syndrome associated with rheumatoid arthritis.
Validation of EULAR primary Sjögren's syndrome disease activity (ESSDAI) and patient indexes (ESSPRI).
[Annular erythema as the skin manifestation of primary Sjögren's syndrome--case report].
[Epidemiology of primary Sjörgren's syndrome].
Bcl-2 antagonist killer 1 (BAK1) polymorphisms influence the risk of developing autoimmune rheumatic diseases in women.
The osteopontin transgenic mouse is a new model for Sjögren's syndrome.
Response to: 'Is primary Sjögren's syndrome an orphan disease? A critical appraisal of prevalence studies in Europe' by Cornec and Chiche.
Is primary Sjögren's syndrome an orphan disease? A critical appraisal of prevalence studies in Europe.
Saliva as a potential tool for diagnosis of dry mouth including Sjögren's syndrome.
[Clinical characteristics and presence of antiphospholipid antibodies (anticardiolipin-beta2GP-1) cerebrospinal fluid and serum of in a series of patients with multiple sclerosis in Mexico].
A simplified quantitative method for assessing keratoconjunctivitis sicca from the Sjögren's Syndrome International Registry.
McMonnies questionnaire: enhancing screening for dry eye syndromes with Rasch analysis.
Expression of estrogen receptor-alpha and -beta in anterior vaginal walls of genuine stress incontinent women.
ACPA-positive primary Sjögren's syndrome: true primary or rheumatoid arthritis-associated Sjögren's syndrome?
Long-Term Outcome of Treatment with Topical Corticosteroids for Severe Dry Eye Associated with Sjögren's Syndrome.
Long-term clinical course of IgG4-related systemic disease accompanied by hypophysitis.
Pain in primary Sjögren's syndrome.
The amino acid variation within the binding pocket 7 and 9 of HLA-DRB1 molecules are associated with primary Sjögren's syndrome.
Anti-SLA/LP alone or in combination with anti-Ro52 and fine specificity of anti-Ro52 antibodies in patients with autoimmune hepatitis.
[Current therapeutic options in Sjögren's syndrome].
[Ophthalmological complications in Sjögren's syndrome].
Epidemiological, clinical, paraclinical and molecular study of a cohort of 102 patients affected with autosomal recessive progressive cerebellar ataxia from Alsace, Eastern France: implications for clinical management.
Primary Sjögren's syndrome at a glance today.
Efficacy and safety of abatacept for patients with Sjögren's syndrome associated with rheumatoid arthritis: rheumatoid arthritis with orencia trial toward Sjögren's syndrome Endocrinopathy (ROSE) trial-an open-label, one-year, prospective study-Interim analysis of 32 patients for 24 weeks.
Autoantibodies against interferon-γ reduce the frequency of pulmonary fibrosis and concentration of C-reactive protein in patients with primary Sjögren's syndrome.
Is there specific neurological disorders of primary Sjögren's syndrome?
Mucosa-associated lymphoid tissue lymphoma of the thymus: a case report with no evidence of MALT1 rearrangement.
Rapid decrease in salivary epidermal growth factor levels in patients with Sjögren's syndrome: A 3-year follow-up study.
Increased frequency of delayed type hypersensitivity to metals in patients with connective tissue disease.
Infrared imaging of meibomian glands and evaluation of the lipid layer in Sjögren's syndrome patients and nondry eye controls.
Potentially pathogenic immune cells and networks in apparently healthy lacrimal glands.
Prevalence of HHV-8 in systemic autoimmune diseases.
Presence of anti-Ro/SSA antibody may be associated with anti-aquaporin-4 antibody positivity in neuromyelitis optica spectrum disorder.
IgG4 levels and plasmablasts as a marker for IgG4-related disease (IgG4-RD).
Are Sjögren's syndrome and IgG4-related disease able to coexist?
Comparison of plasma vitamin D levels in patients with Sjögren's syndrome and healthy subjects.
Fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase is up-regulated by polyunsaturated fatty acid via peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor alpha and suppresses polyunsaturated fatty acid-induced endoplasmic reticulum stress.
Acute transverse myelitis: a practical reappraisal.
[Sexual function in rheumatic diseases].
Implant prosthodontic rehabilitation of patients with rheumatic disorders: a case series report.
The tortoiseshell pattern in one or both sides of the submandibular glands in mucosa-associated lymphoid tissue lymphoma is related to chromosomal aberrations and the disease extent.
RNA recognition motif (RRM) of La/SSB: the bridge for interparticle spreading of autoimmune response to U1-RNP.
EULAR Sjögren's syndrome disease activity index (ESSDAI): a user guide.
Red blood cell distribution width and neutrophil/lymphocyte ratio are positively correlated with disease activity in primary Sjögren's syndrome.
Toll-like receptor 3 stimulation promotes Ro52/TRIM21 synthesis and nuclear redistribution in salivary gland epithelial cells, partially via type I interferon pathway.
Discerning the kinetics of autoimmune manifestations in a model of Sjögren's syndrome.
Central nervous system manifestations of rheumatologic diseases.
[Clinical analysis of 79 pulmonary arterial hypertension cases from 1892 connective tissue disease patients].
[The clinical characteristics of primary biliary cirrhosis in China: a systematic review].
[CT imaging features of pulmonary involvement in connective tissue disorders].
Lung disease related to collagen vascular disease.
Glaucoma and Helicobacter pylori infection: correlations and controversies.
PreproNPY Pro7 protects against depression despite exposure to environmental risk factors.
A norwalk-like virus waterborne community outbreak in a Swedish village during peak holiday season.
The prevalence of frontal variant frontotemporal dementia and the frontal lobe syndrome in a population based sample of 85 year olds.
Subclinical articular involvement in primary Sjögren's syndrome assessed by ultrasonography and its negative association with anti-centromere antibody.
Epigallocatechin gallate stimulates the neuroreactive salivary secretomotor system in autoimmune sialadenitis of MRL-Fas(lpr) mice via activation of cAMP-dependent protein kinase A and inactivation of nuclear factor κB.
NOD.H-2h4 mice: an important and underutilized animal model of autoimmune thyroiditis and Sjogren's syndrome.
The relationship between the presence of autoantibodies, indicators of local and systemic inflammation, the serum concentration of B-cell activating factor (BAFF) and the intensity of salivary gland infiltration in patients with primary Sjögren's syndrome - a preliminary study.
Prevalence of selected organ-specific autoantibodies in rheumatoid arthritis and primary Sjögren's syndrome patients.
A chimeric human-mouse model of Sjögren's syndrome.
Impaired degradation and aberrant phagocytosis of necrotic cell debris in the peripheral blood of patients with primary Sjögren's syndrome.
Efficient diagnosis of Sjögren's syndrome to reduce the burden on patients.
Immunolocalization of AQP5 in resting and stimulated normal labial glands and in Sjögren's syndrome.
Time course of cytokine upregulation in the lacrimal gland and presence of autoantibodies in a predisposed mouse model of Sjögren's Syndrome: the influence of sex hormones and genetic background.
Evaluation of salivary gland protein 1 antibodies in patients with primary and secondary Sjogren's syndrome.
Rituximab in primary Sjögren's syndrome: a ten-year journey.
miR-146a and miR-155 expression in PBMCs from patients with Sjögren's syndrome.
Decreased submandibular adiponectin is involved in the progression of autoimmune sialoadenitis in non-obese diabetic mice.
Autoimmunity: break-through in the diagnosis and treatment of immune-mediated inflammatory diseases.
Real-time sonoelastography of salivary glands for diagnosis and functional assessment of primary Sjögren's syndrome.
Clinical and morphologic spectrum of renal involvement in patients with mixed cryoglobulinemia without evidence of hepatitis C virus infection.
Human aldehyde dehydrogenase genes: alternatively spliced transcriptional variants and their suggested nomenclature.
Loss of cerebral white matter in primary Sjögren's syndrome: a controlled volumetric magnetic resonance imaging study.
The serological profiles of subgroup of primary Sjögren's syndrome correlation with the clinical features of parotid glands.
Calcium signaling and cell volume regulation are altered in Sjögren's Syndrome.
Histopathological environment besides the focus score in Sjögren's syndrome.
The role of salivary gland elastosonography in Sjögren's syndrome: preliminary results.
ADAM17 at the interface between inflammation and autoimmunity.
Activation of TLR9-dependent p38MAPK pathway in the pathogenesis of primary Sjögren's syndrome in NOD/Ltj mouse.
Helicobacter pylori infection and dermatologic diseases.
Establishing PAX6 as a biomarker to detect early loss of ocular phenotype in human patients with Sjögren's syndrome.
Compromised central tolerance of ICA69 induces multiple organ autoimmunity.
Dysregulation of the suppressor of cytokine signalling 3-signal transducer and activator of transcription-3 pathway in the aetiopathogenesis of Sjögren's syndrome.
Are the B cells cast with the leading part in the Sjogren's syndrome scenario?
Distinctive pulmonary histopathology with increased IgG4-positive plasma cells in patients with autoimmune pancreatitis: report of 6 and 12 cases with similar histopathology.
The development of autoimmune features in aging mice is closely associated with alterations of the peripheral CD4⁺ T-cell compartment.
Severe excessive dynamic airway collapse in a patient with primary Sjögren's syndrome.
Morphometrical study of minor salivary gland in xerostomic patients with altered lipid metabolism.
[Examination of availability of the criteria for protective therapy against Pneumocystis pneumonia].
Multiple meningeal cysts affecting the whole craniospinal axis. Case report.
Primary Biliary Cirrhosis-Related Autoimmune Hemolytic Anemia: Three Case Reports and Review of the Literature.
Primary Biliary Cirrhosis and Primary Sjögren's Syndrome: Insights for the Stomatologist.
High headache-related disability in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus and primary Sjögren's syndrome.
[Lymphoid lesions of the head and neck].
In vivo imaging of human labial glands using advanced optical coherence tomography.
A convenient and less invasive technique of labial minor salivary gland biopsy using a minimal incision with a needle tip.
Monocytes from Sjögren's syndrome patients display increased vasoactive intestinal peptide receptor 2 expression and impaired apoptotic cell phagocytosis.
Diagnostic accuracy of anti-alpha-fodrin antibodies for primary Sjögren's syndrome.
Novel isoglobo-neolacto-series hybrid glycolipid detected by a monoclonal antibody is a rat colon tumor-associated antigen.
Topical administration of lacritin is a novel therapy for aqueous-deficient dry eye disease.
The role of T helper 17 cell subsets in Sjögren's syndrome: similarities and differences between mouse model and humans.
Assessment of the relationship between aortic stiffness and left ventricular functions with echocardiography in patients with Sjögren's syndrome.
Correlation between salivary epidermal growth factor levels and refractory intraoral manifestations in patients with Sjögren's syndrome.
Ataxias with autosomal, X-chromosomal or maternal inheritance.
Sonographic diagnosis for Mikulicz disease.
Glycosylation of acetylcholinesterase and butyrylcholinesterase changes as a function of the duration of Alzheimer's disease.
Increased frequency of a new polymorphism in the cell division cycle 2 (cdc2) gene in patients with Alzheimer's disease and frontotemporal dementia.
Primary cutaneous nodular amyloidosis: case report and review of the literature.
MALT lymphoma of the floor of the mouth: a case report.
Developing a service user informed intervention to improve participation and ability to perform daily activities in primary Sjögren's syndrome: a mixed-methods study protocol.
An uncommon presentation of Sjögren's syndrome and brucellosis.
Pharmacokinetic evaluation of diquafosol tetrasodium for the treatment of Sjögren's syndrome.
Sjögren's syndrome: another facet of the autoimmune/inflammatory syndrome induced by adjuvants (ASIA).
Outcome measures for primary Sjögren's syndrome: a comprehensive review.
B-cell activating factor genetic variants in lymphomagenesis associated with primary Sjogren's syndrome.
MxA as a clinically applicable biomarker for identifying systemic interferon type I in primary Sjogren's syndrome.
Chronic Sialadenitis revealing hepatitis C: a case report.
[Acquired C1 inhibitor deficiency associated with lymphoproliferative disorders: four cases].
The role of T helper 17 cell subsets in Sjögren's syndrome: similarities and differences between mouse model and humans.
Candidate chromosome 1 disease susceptibility genes for Sjogren's syndrome xerostomia are narrowed by novel NOD.B10 congenic mice.
Ductal epithelial expression of Ro52 correlates with inflammation in salivary glands of patients with primary Sjögren's syndrome.
A novel luminescence-based method for the detection of functionally active antibodies to muscarinic acetylcholine receptors of the M3 type (mAchR3) in patients' sera.
Th1 and Th2 polymorphisms in Sjögren's syndrome and rheumatoid arthritis.
Subclinical reduced G6PD activity in rheumatoid arthritis and Sjögren's Syndrome patients: relation to clinical characteristics, disease activity and metabolic syndrome.
Xerostomia in patients with triple A syndrome--a newly recognised finding.
Botulinum neurotoxin type A versus punctal plug insertion in the management of dry eye disease.
T cell epitope mimicry between Sjögren's syndrome Antigen A (SSA)/Ro60 and oral, gut, skin and vaginal bacteria.
Experience of mycophenolate mofetil in 10 patients with autoimmune-related interstitial lung disease demonstrates promising effects.
Xerophthalmia of Sjogren's Syndrome Diagnosed with Anti-Salivary Gland Protein 1 Antibodies.
Infection and autoimmunity in Sjogren's syndrome: a clinical study and comprehensive review.
Sjögren's syndrome: where do we stand, and where shall we go?
Specific forms of BAFF favor BAFF receptor-mediated epithelial cell survival.
Sjögren's syndrome: a forty-year scientific journey.
CD4(-)CD8(-) T-cells in primary Sjögren's syndrome: association with the extent of glandular involvement.
Socioeconomic status. The relationship with health and autoimmune diseases.
Differentiation of follicular helper T cells by salivary gland epithelial cells in primary Sjögren's syndrome.
The role of M3 muscarinic acetylcholine receptor reactive T cells in Sjögren's syndrome: a critical review.
Potential involvement of the IL-33-ST2 axis in the pathogenesis of primary Sjogren's syndrome.
Biomarkers of lymphoma in Sjögren's syndrome and evaluation of the lymphoma risk in prelymphomatous conditions: results of a multicenter study.
T helper subsets in Sjögren's syndrome and IgG4-related dacryoadenitis and sialoadenitis: a critical review.
[Periodontal status of Senegalese patients with Sjögren's syndrome. A case control study at the Service of Internal Medicine].
Ganglionic acetylcholine receptor autoantibody: oncological, neurological, and serological accompaniments.
Chronic hepatitis B virus infection in Sjögren's syndrome. Prevalence and clinical significance in 603 patients.
Acute exacerbation of interstitial pneumonia associated with collagen vascular diseases.
Pseudotumoral brain lesion as the presenting feature of primary Sjögren's syndrome.
[Clinical significance of dense fine speckled pattern in anti-nuclear antibody test using indirect immunofluorescence method].
Novel SIL1 mutations in consanguineous Pakistani families mapping to chromosomes 5q31.
Occult thyroid eye disease in patients presenting with dry eye symptoms.
Functions and pathologies of BiP and its interaction partners.
Transthoracic ultrasound in the evaluation of pulmonary fibrosis: our experience.
Manometric assessment of esophageal motor function in patients with primary biliary cirrhosis.
Towards integrating positron emission tomography for work-up of patients with Sjögren's syndrome and associated lymphomas.
Oral manifestations and their treatment in Sjögren's syndrome.
Immunohistochemical Analysis of Interleukin-17 Producing T Helper Cells and Regulatory T Cells Infiltration in Annular Erythema Associated with Sjögren's Syndrome.
Cyclosporine A: good response for patients affected by autoimmune disorders and HCV infection?
[Intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIG)].
CXCL10 and autoimmune diseases.
Estrogen inhibits GH signaling by suppressing GH-induced JAK2 phosphorylation, an effect mediated by SOCS-2.
Salivary gland disease in Sjögren's syndrome: sialoadenitis to lymphoma.
Oral complications of Sjögren's syndrome.
Salivary gland biopsy for Sjögren's syndrome.
Sjögren's syndrome: an update on epidemiology and current insights on pathophysiology.
Immunological profiles determine neurological involvement in Sjögren's syndrome.
Restoration of human lacrimal function following platelet-rich plasma injection.
International recommendations for the assessment of autoantibodies to cellular antigens referred to as anti-nuclear antibodies.
Comparison of the American-European Consensus Group Sjogren's syndrome classification criteria to newly proposed American College of Rheumatology criteria in a large, carefully characterised sicca cohort.
Lip biopsy for the diagnosis of Sjögren's syndrome: beware of the punch.
Effects of Ganoderma lucidum spores on sialoadenitis of nonobese diabetic mice.
Minor salivary gland immunohistology in the diagnosis of primary Sjögren's syndrome.
Classification criteria of Sjögren's syndrome.
Lung involvement in primary Sjögren's syndrome: Correlation between high-resolution computed tomography score and mortality.
Management of extraglandular manifestations of primary Sjögren's syndrome.
Management of xerostomia and other complications of Sjögren's syndrome.
Salivary gland dysfunction and xerostomia in Sjögren's syndrome.
Diagnosis of Sjögren's syndrome: American-European and the American College of Rheumatology classification criteria.
Pulmonary arterial hypertension related to connective tissue disease: a review.
The impact of primary Sjogren's syndrome on pregnancy outcome: our series and review of the literature.
[The effectiveness of cevimeline hydrochloride on dry cough in Sjögren's syndrome].
Vitiligo vulgaris and autoimmune diseases in Japan: A report from vitiligo clinic in Kyoto University Hospital.
Clinical competence for autoimmune and non-autoimmune rheumatic disorders in primary care.
Minocycline-induced drug hypersensitivity syndrome followed by multiple autoimmune sequelae.
Peripheral ulcerative keratitis after trabeculectomy in a patient with rheumatoid arthritis.
DOOR syndrome concomitant with non-convulsive status epilepticus and hyperintense cerebellar cortex on T2-weighted imaging.
E proteins in lymphocyte development and lymphoid diseases.
BAFF activates Erk1/2 promoting cell proliferation and survival by Ca2+-CaMKII-dependent inhibition of PP2A in normal and neoplastic B-lymphoid cells.
ALX/FPR2 receptor for RvD1 is expressed and functional in salivary glands.
Primary Sjögren's syndrome mimicking lymphoma in a pediatric patient. A rare and possibly misdiagnosed condition.
A rapamycin-binding protein polymer nanoparticle shows potent therapeutic activity in suppressing autoimmune dacryoadenitis in a mouse model of Sjögren's syndrome.
Comparing nebulized water versus saline after laryngeal desiccation challenge in Sjögren's Syndrome.
Character of ocular surface mucins and their alteration in dry eye disease.
Vogt-Koyanagi-Harada syndrome and keratoconjunctivitis sicca.
A study of the short-term effect of artificial tears on contrast sensitivity in patients with Sjögren's syndrome.
Predominantly proinflammatory cytokines decrease after B cell depletion therapy in patients with primary Sjogren's syndrome.
The role of viruses in autoreactive B cell activation within tertiary lymphoid structures in autoimmune diseases.
Bilateral optic neuropathy revealing Sjögren's syndrome.
Functional variants of the interleukin-23 receptor gene in non-gastrointestinal autoimmune diseases.
Bioreactors for tissue engineering of cartilage.
Transcription profiling of rheumatic diseases.
Blockade of lymphotoxin-beta receptor signaling reduces aspects of Sjögren's syndrome in salivary glands of non-obese diabetic mice.
Corneal pain without stain: is it real?
[Pulmonary hypertension in a patient on chronic hemodialysis].
Effects of total glucosides of paeony for delaying onset of Sjogren's syndrome: an animal study.
Physiological and pathological implications of laminins: from the gene to the protein.
The P2X7 receptor-inflammasome complex has a role in modulating the inflammatory response in primary Sjögren's syndrome.
A clinically isolated syndrome: a challenging entity: multiple sclerosis or collagen tissue disorders: clues for differentiation.
A systematic review of the off-label use of biological therapies in systemic autoimmune diseases.
Two further cases of spondyloenchondrodysplasia (SPENCD) with immune dysregulation.
Comparison of two hyaluronan drugs and placebo in patients with knee osteoarthritis. A controlled, randomized, double-blind, parallel-design multicentre study.
Co-development of autoimmune hepatitis and Sjögren's syndrome triggered by the administration of herbal medicines.
Potential role of human-specific genes, human-specific microRNAs and human-specific non-coding regulatory RNAs in the pathogenesis of systemic sclerosis and Sjögren's syndrome.
Acute myeloneuropathy: An uncommon presentation of Sjögren's syndrome.
Identification of a primary biliary cirrhosis associated protein as lysosome-associated membrane protein-2.
Sjogren's syndrome with trigeminal neuropathy: motor involvement.
Involvement of autoimmunity to REG, a regeneration factor, in patients with primary Sjögren's syndrome.
The accuracy of the anti-α-fodrin antibody test for diagnosis of Sjögren's syndrome: a meta-analysis.
[Yeasts isolated from the patients of the Department of Dentistry, University Hospital in Hradec Králové in the period of 1996-2007].
DNA hypermethylation leads to lower FOXP3 expression in CD4+ T cells of patients with primary Sjögren's syndrome.
The CCR5 delta 32 polymorphism (rs333) is not associated with Sjögren's syndrome or Type 1 Diabetes in Colombians.
Prevalence and clinical significance of rare antinuclear antibody patterns.
Assessment of intracellular cytokines and regulatory cells in patients with autoimmune diseases and primary immunodeficiencies - novel tool for diagnostics and patient follow-up.
[Physiopathologic relationship between interstitial cystitis and rheumatic, autoimmune, and chronic inflammatory diseases].
Clinical performance evaluation of a novel rapid response chemiluminescent immunoassay for the detection of autoantibodies to extractable nuclear antigens.
Preventing congenital neonatal heart block in offspring of mothers with anti-SSA/Ro and SSB/La antibodies: a review of published literature and registered clinical trials.
Case of idiopathic portal hypertension complicated with autoimmune hepatitis.
Sarcoidosis and Sjögren's syndrome: clinical and salivary evaluation.
Prevalence of oral lesions of autoimmune etiology in patients with primary Sjogren's syndrome.
Severe Pulmonary Hypertension in Primary Sjögren's Syndrome.
Visual rehabilitation in end-stage inflammatory ocular surface disease with the osteo-odonto-keratoprosthesis: results from the UK.
Proteomic analysis revealed the altered tear protein profile in a rabbit model of Sjögren's syndrome-associated dry eye.
[Prevalence and risk factors of dry eye syndrome].
The BAFF/APRIL system: emerging functions beyond B cell biology and autoimmunity.
Efficacy of rituximab in systemic manifestations of primary Sjogren's syndrome: results in 78 patients of the AutoImmune and Rituximab registry.
Relationship between depressive symptomatology and the subcortical brain syndrome in dementia.
Sjögren's syndrome associated with multiple myeloma.
Recombinant supercharged polypeptides restore and improve biolubrication.
Distinct CSF cytokine/chemokine profiles in atopic myelitis and other causes of myelitis.
Apparently persistent weakness after recurrent hypokalemic paralysis: a tale of two disorders.
The usefulness of ultrasound in the diagnostics of Sjögren's syndrome.
Antibodies to carbonic anhydrase in patients with connective tissue diseases: relationship with lung involvement.
Isolated spontaneous dissection of the splanchnic arteries.
Association between salivary flow rates, oral symptoms, and oral mucosal status.
Non-P450 aldehyde oxidizing enzymes: the aldehyde dehydrogenase superfamily.
Characterization of the human omega-oxidation pathway for omega-hydroxy-very-long-chain fatty acids.
The efficacy of Xialine in patients with Sjögren's syndrome: a single-blind, cross-over study.
The jaw functional limitation scale: development, reliability, and validity of 8-item and 20-item versions.
Tubuloreticular structures in different types of myositis: implications for pathogenesis.
[Case of systemic lupus erythematosus occurring after induced abortion and drug eruption].
Potential for differential diagnosis of autoimmune pancreatitis and pancreatic cancer using carbonic anhydrase II antibody.
CNS aquaporin-4 autoimmunity in children.
Anti-annexin II antibodies in systemic autoimmune diseases and antiphospholipid syndrome.
Antibodies to mitotic spindle apparatus: clinical significance of NuMA and HsEg5 autoantibodies.
Internalization of cellular fragments in a human embryo: time-lapse recordings.
Physicians' attitudes and advice concerning pregnancy subsequent to the birth of a stillborn child.
Ichthyosis in the newborn.
Electrolyte imbalances and nephrocalcinosis in acute phosphate poisoning on chronic type 1 renal tubular acidosis due to Sjögren's syndrome.
[Sjögren's syndrome associated with childhood-onset systemic lupus erythematosus].
[Salivary and lacrymal gland disorders and HTLV-1 infection].
Ocular adnexal mucosa-associated lymphoid tissue lymphoma with polyclonal hypergammaglobulinemia.
[Prevalence of ocular manifestation in 198 patients with rheumatoid arthritis: a retrospective study].
Sjögren's syndrome - not just Sicca: renal involvement in Sjögren's syndrome.
Isolation of animal cell mutants defective in long-chain fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase. Sensitivity to fatty aldehydes and Schiff's base modification of phospholipids: implications for Sj-ogren-Larsson syndrome.
High concomitance of disease marker autoantibodies in anti-DFS70/LEDGF autoantibody-positive patients with autoimmune rheumatic disease.
Mechanism of salivary secretion enhancement by Byakkokaninjinto.
[A clinical study of 103 idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura].
The Wistar Bonn Kobori rat, a unique animal model for autoimmune pancreatitis with extrapancreatic exocrinopathy.
Autoimmune disorders and risk of non-Hodgkin lymphoma subtypes: a pooled analysis within the InterLymph Consortium.
[What's your diagnosis? Lichenification of flexures, tetraspasm and mental retardation].
Abnormal protein profiles in tears with dry eye syndrome.
Autoimmune polyendocrine syndrome with atrial septal defect.
Non-length dependent small fibre neuropathy/ganglionopathy.
[Results of biological treatments in autoimmune diseases].
Antibodies to mutated citrullinated vimentin for diagnosing rheumatoid arthritis in anti-CCP-negative patients and for monitoring infliximab therapy.
Identification of possible candidate genes regulating Sjögren's syndrome-associated autoimmunity: a potential role for TNFSF4 in autoimmune exocrinopathy.
Effect of Pilocarpine on impaired salivary secretion in patients with Sjögren's syndrome.
Anti-cyclic citrullinated peptide antibodies in patients affected by HCV-related arthritis.
Autoimmune pancreatitis.
[Antinucleolar antibodies in diagnostics of antiphospholipid syndrome].
Primary non-Hodgkin's lymphomas of the major salivary glands.
[Comparison of extrusion rate for two different design of punctal plugs].
[A non frequent cause of kidney disease].
Antibodies to muscle and ganglionic acetylcholine receptors (AchR) in celiac disease.
Hypokalemic paralysis as a presenting manifestation of primary Sjögren's syndrome: A report of two cases.
Methylation profile of the promoter region of IRF5 in primary Sjögren's syndrome.
[Interstitial lung disease in connective tissue diseases].
Autoimmune Th2-mediated dacryoadenitis in MRL/MpJ mice becomes Th1-mediated in IL-4 deficient MRL/MpJ mice.
Skin involvement in systemic autoimmune diseases.
Expression of muscarinic receptor subtypes in salivary glands of rats, sheep and man.
Catastrophic antiphospholipid syndrome: report of 4 cases.
Joint pain with aromatase inhibitors: abnormal frequency of Sjögren's syndrome.
Interstitial laser thermotherapy of a rat liver adenocarcinoma.
[Neonatal lupus erythematosus--cardiac manifestations and atrio-ventricular conduction block].
Prevalence and characteristics of immunomediated neuropathies in a group of patients with autoimmune diseases.
Two Swedish pioneering achievements in radiotherapy.
IgG4-positive pulmonary disease.
Graft-versus-host-like disease complicating thymoma: lack of AIRE expression as a cause of non-hereditary autoimmunity?
Cerebellar degeneration associated with Sjögren's syndrome.
IUATLD symposia. 1990 World Conference, Boston.
[Neonatal lupus erythematosus: case report and review of the literature].
The heat shock protein 70 molecular chaperone network in the pancreatic endoplasmic reticulum - a quantitative approach.
The impact of psychological functioning upon systemic sclerosis patients' quality of life.
Advances in the Aetiophatogenesis of Sjögren's Syndrome: a Literature Review.
Liver-derived IGF-I regulates GH secretion at the pituitary level in mice.
Sialoadenitis progression in nonobese diabetic mice and its correlation with expression of apoptosis-associated proteins in salivary glands and serum IgG levels.
Prevalence of antinucleosome antibodies by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assays in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus and other autoimmune systemic diseases.
Computed tomographic imaging in connective tissue diseases.
Pulmonary pathology of the rheumatic diseases.
14. Immunologic rheumatic disorders.
Juvenile neuronal ceroid-lipofuscinosis (Batten disease): a brief review and update.
Diagnostic Approaches to Sjögren's syndrome: a Literature Review and Own Clinical Experience.
Treatment of Alzheimer's disease with clioquinol.
Anti-Ro and anti-La autoantibodies induce TNF-alpha production by human salivary gland cells: an in vitro study.
The impact of autoimmune disorders and adverse pregnancy outcome.
A case of generalized acanthosis nigricans with positive lupus erythematosus-related autoantibodies and antimicrosomal antibody: autoimmune acanthosis nigricans?
Neurotoxicity and metabolism of the catecholamine-derived 3,4-dihydroxyphenylacetaldehyde and 3,4-dihydroxyphenylglycolaldehyde: the role of aldehyde dehydrogenase.
Extragastric manifestations of Helicobacter pylori infection.
[Black tongue].
Optimal pacing in congenital complete atrioventricular block of immunological origin: interest of multisite stimulation.
Recurrent congenital heart block in neonatal lupus.
Periorbital cutaneous neonatal lupus.
Computerized image analysis as a tool to quantify infiltrating leukocytes: a comparison between high- and low-magnification images.
Scleroderma overlap syndromes.
Clinically Positive Axillary Lymphadenopathy May Lead to False Diagnosis of Overstaged Breast Cancer in Patients with Sjögren's Syndrome: A Case Report.
[FDG-PET findings of nodular pulmonary amyloidosis with a long-term observation].
Geranylgeranyltransferase I as a target for anti-cancer drugs.
Cytogenetic and molecular genetic analyses of liposarcoma and its soft tissue simulators: recognition of new variants and differential diagnosis.
Economic evaluation of multidisciplinary pain management in chronic pain patients: a qualitative systematic review.
[A new approach for better comprehension of diseases of the ocular surface].
Different conjunctival adaptive response in patients with aqueous-deficient and with mucous-deficient dry eyes.
Rethinking neuromyelitis optica (Devic disease).
Effect of topical cyclosporine on tear functions in tear-deficient dry eyes.
Effects on the nervous system in different groups of workers exposed to aluminium.
Metabolic bone disease as a presenting manifestation of primary Sjögren's syndrome: Three cases and review of literature.
Association between thyroid autoimmune dysfunction and non-thyroid autoimmune diseases.
CC chemokine receptor 5 and interleukin-1 receptor antagonist gene polymorphisms in patients with primary Sjögren's syndrome.
The somatomedin hypothesis revisited in a transgenic model.
A new rating scale for age-related white matter changes applicable to MRI and CT.
[The overlap of primary Sjögren's syndrome with antiphospholipid syndrome in man: case report].
Delayed catastrophic antiphospholipid syndrome after massive cerebral infarction.
Pulmonary cryptococcosis presenting as endobronchial lesions in a patient under corticosteroid treatment.
[Salivary gland biopsy : experience of La Rabta Hospital's pathology departement].
Science and strategy for preventing and managing corneal ulceration.
Combined factor VIII and IX inhibitors in a non-haemophilic patient: successful treatment with immunosuppressive drugs.
[Bladder erosion few years after TVT procedure].
The role of anti-endothelial cell antibody-mediated microvascular injury in the evolution of pulmonary fibrosis in the setting of collagen vascular disease.
A case of necrotizing keratoscleritis in primary Sjogren's syndrome.
The exfoliation syndrome in cognitive impairment of cerebrovascular or Alzheimer's type.
[Therapeutic results in chronic, non-malignant pain in patients treated at a Danish multidisciplinary pain center compared with general practice. A randomized controlled clinical trial].
Platelet activation by Shiga toxin and circulatory factors as a pathogenetic mechanism in the hemolytic uremic syndrome.
Taciturn patients in health counseling at a hospital: passive recipients or active participators?
Functional visual acuity in Stevens-Johnson syndrome.
Prognostic value of auto-antibodies in the serum of Omani patients with gastric cancer.
Inducible bronchus-associated lymphoid tissue (iBALT) in patients with pulmonary complications of rheumatoid arthritis.
[Recurrent acute idiopathic pericarditis: rheumatologic therapy, autoantibodies and long term outcome].
[Pulmonary hypertension revealing systemic diseases: two Senegalese case reports].
Rituximab treatment in patients with IVIg-dependent immune polyneuropathy: a prospective pilot trial.
Complete atrioventricular block in adult Sjögren's syndrome with anti-Ro autoantibody.
[Sociodemographic predictors of therapeutic results in patients with chronic, non-malignant pain].
Flow cytometry and allele-specific oligonucleotide PCR are equally effective in detection of minimal residual disease in ALL.
Comparison of exhaust emissions from Swedish environmental classified diesel fuel (MK1) and European Program on Emissions, Fuels and Engine Technologies (EPEFE) reference fuel: a chemical and biological characterization, with viewpoints on cancer risk.
Preimplantation genetic diagnosis (PGD): the Gothenburg experience.
Investigating the relationship between serum interleukin-17 levels and systemic immune-mediated disease in patients with dry eye syndrome.
Dynamics of a discotic liquid crystal in the isotropic phase.
Inhibition of the transcription factors AP-1 and NF-kappaB in CD4 T cells by peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma ligands.
Clinic-based cases with frontotemporal dementia show increased cerebrospinal fluid tau and high apolipoprotein E epsilon4 frequency, but no tau gene mutations.
Spectrum of Neuro-Sjogren's syndrome in a tertiary care center in south India.
Aetiological, clinical and metabolic profile of hypokalaemic periodic paralysis in adults: a single-centre experience.
Response to rituximab in patients with type II cryoglobulinemia.
Dynamics in supercooled ionic organic liquids and mode coupling theory analysis.
Increased risks of lymphoma and death among patients with non-hepatitis C virus-related mixed cryoglobulinemia.
The nucleotide exchange factor activity of Grp170 may explain the non-lethal phenotype of loss of Sil1 function in man and mouse.
Lymphocytic interstitial pneumonia in primary Sjögren's syndrome: a case report.
Investigating student nurses' constructions of health promotion in nursing education.
Chromatographic interactions between proteins and sulfoalkylbetaine-based zwitterionic copolymers in fully aqueous low-salt buffers.
Human embryos with unevenly sized blastomeres have lower pregnancy and implantation rates: indications for aneuploidy and multinucleation.
A novel BLyS antagonist peptide designed based on the 3-D complex structure of BCMA and BLyS.
Pupil abnormalities in selected autonomic neuropathies.
Role of proinflammatory cytokines in the impaired lacrimation associated with autoimmune xerophthalmia.
Congenital cataracts-facial dysmorphism-neuropathy.
Panniculitis: an unusual cutaneous manifestation of rheumatoid arthritis.
Diagnosis of a gastric mucosa-associated lymphoid tissue lymphoma by endoscopic ultrasonography-guided biopsies in a patient with a parotid gland localization.
Current Aspects of Pathogenesis in Sjögren's Syndrome.
Over-expression of CLN3P, the Batten disease protein, inhibits PANDER-induced apoptosis in neuroblastoma cells: further evidence that CLN3P has anti-apoptotic properties.
Demonstration of high prevalence of SS-A antibodies in a general population: association with HLA-DR and enterovirus antibodies.
Metabolic functions of liver-derived (endocrine) insulin-like growth factor I.
Possible roles of insulin-like growth factor in regulation of physiological and pathophysiological liver growth.
Assembly of tapasin-associated MHC class I in the absence of the transporter associated with antigen processing (TAP).
Lentivirus gene transfer in murine hematopoietic progenitor cells is compromised by a delay in proviral integration and results in transduction mosaicism and heterogeneous gene expression in progeny cells.
Quantitative analyses of sonographic images of the parotid gland in patients with Sjögren's syndrome.
Preferential recognition of the phosphorylated major linear B-cell epitope of La/SSB 349-368 aa by anti-La/SSB autoantibodies from patients with systemic autoimmune diseases.
Ultrastructure of human blastocyst-endometrial interactions in vitro.
[Primary biliary cirrhosis: a thirteen years experience].
[Is pure red cell aplasia a new extra digestive manifestation of celiac disease?].
US of the major salivary glands: anatomy and spatial relationships, pathologic conditions, and pitfalls.
Pyogenic granuloma formation following placement of the Medennium SmartPLUG punctum plug.
[Undifferentiated connective tissue disease: clinical and serological profile of 578 patients followed for five years: disease course, prognosis and therapy].
Hepatitis C in Peru: risk factors for infection, potential iatrogenic transmission, and genotype distribution.
Analyzing protein functions in four dimensions.
Mutations in a new cytochrome P450 gene in lamellar ichthyosis type 3.
Accessory or sublingual salivary gland biopsy to assess systemic disease: a comparative retrospective study.
Regulation of apoptotic cell death by cytokines in a human salivary gland cell line: distinct and synergistic mechanisms in apoptosis induced by tumor necrosis factor alpha and interferon gamma.
Inherited disorders of fatty alcohol metabolism.
Proteomic analysis of the yeast mitochondrial outer membrane reveals accumulation of a subclass of preproteins.
Induction of VEGF and VEGF receptors in the spinal cord after mechanical spinal injury and prostaglandin administration.
Treating Sjögren's Syndrome: Insights for the Clinician.
A case of Sjögren's syndrome leading to mitral and aortic valve replacement.
Autoantibodies against the replication protein A complex in systemic lupus erythematosus and other autoimmune diseases.
[Modifications of markers of bone resorption in patients affected by glucocorticoid induced osteoporosis (GIOP) treated with neridronate].
Immune-mediated autonomic neuropathies.
Skin involvement and outcome measures in systemic autoimmune diseases.
Diltiazem induces severe photodistributed hyperpigmentation: case series, histoimmunopathology, management, and review of the literature.
Quantum mechanical interpretation of nitrite reduction by cytochrome cd1 nitrite reductase from Paracoccus pantotrophus.
Standardization of a simple method to study whole saliva: clinical use in different pathologies.
[Difficulties in differential diagnosis of Sjögren's syndrome and systemic lupus erythematosus].
Primary breast mucosa-associated lymphoid tissue (MALT) lymphoma with high-grade transformation evidenced by prominent lymphoepithelial lesions.
Ibuprofen-induced fever in Sjogren's syndrome.
Unique ultrastructure of exorbital lacrimal glands in male NOD and BALB/c mice.
Autoimmune and chronic inflammatory disorders and risk of non-Hodgkin lymphoma by subtype.
Primary Sjögren's syndrome associated with pneumatosis cystoides coli.
Autoimmune hepatitis in patients with primary Sjögren's syndrome: a series of two-hundred and two patients.
Extraordinary antigenicity of the human Ro52 autoantigen.
Primary Sjogren's syndrome presenting as Acute Flaccid Quadriplegia:.
Diagnostic features and differential diagnosis of autoimmune pancreatitis.
[Age and gender difference in rheumatology].
Hepatitis C infection: a systemic disease with extrahepatic manifestations.
Correlation between dry eye and rheumatoid arthritis activity.
Global natural regulatory T cell depletion in active systemic lupus erythematosus.
Laryngeal findings and voice quality in Sjögren's syndrome.
Lack of Il12rb2 signaling predisposes to spontaneous autoimmunity and malignancy.
Outbreak of Campylobacter infection in a subartic community.
The relative importance of endocrine versus autocrine/paracrine insulin-like growth factor-I in the regulation of body growth.
Optimizing the therapeutic approach of transurethral alprostadil.
[Autoimmune thyroid disease and associated diseases].
[Tonic pupils in Sjögren's syndrome].
[Three cases of childhood-onset male systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) successfully treated with a combination of pulse methylprednisolone and pulse cyclophosphamide].
Modified osteo-odonto-keratoprosthesis for treatment of corneal blindness: long-term anatomical and functional outcomes in 181 cases.
Systemic extrapancreatic lesions associated with autoimmune pancreatitis.
Familial occurrence of thymoma and autoimmune diseases with the constitutional translocation t(14;20)(q24.1;p12.3).
Abnormal DNA damage-inducible protein in cells from Sjögren's syndrome patients.
Autoantibodies against the angiotensin receptor (AT1) in patients with hypertension.
Distinct phenotypes within autosomal recessive ataxias not linked to already known loci.
[Viral Tax protein expression in salivary glands of patients infected with human t-cell lymphotropic virus type I and Sicca Syndrome].
[Cutaneous abnormalities of the eyelid and systemic diseases].
[Immunological abnormalities in myelodysplastic syndromes. Prospective study (series of 40 patients)].
Improved gravity field of the moon from lunar prospector 
Immunohistochemical analysis of glioma-infiltrating leucocytes after peripheral therapeutic immunization with interferon-gamma-transfected glioma cells.
Association of decreased phosphorylation of ERK-2 with costimulation of rat T cell activation by MEK-1 inhibitors and TGF-beta1.
Implant-prosthodontic treatment for special care patients: a case series study.
Lupus erythematosus associated with erythema multiforme: report of two cases and review of the literature.
Expression of TGF-beta isoforms, TGF-beta receptors, and SMAD molecules at different stages of human glioma.
Quantification of tau phosphorylated at threonine 181 in human cerebrospinal fluid: a sandwich ELISA with a synthetic phosphopeptide for standardization.
Multilocular thymic cyst associated with follicular hyperplasia: clinicopathologic study of 4 resected cases.
Suspension made with amniotic membrane: clinical trial.
[Clinical analysis of primary biliary cirrhosis: a report of 42 cases].
Corneal melt in rheumatic disorders: effect of disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs on morbidity.
The ananti-alpha-actinin test completes ananti-DNA determination in systemic lupus erythematosus.
Suspension made with amniotic membrane: Clinical trial.
Physicians' role and gender differences in the management of parents of a stillborn child: a nationwide study.
Primary Sjogren's syndrome presenting as a generalized chorea.
The expression of the 27-kd heat shock protein in keratinization disorders: an immunohistological study.
Analysis and update of the human aldehyde dehydrogenase (ALDH) gene family.
Cytokine-induced Src homology 2 protein (CIS) promotes T cell receptor-mediated proliferation and prolongs survival of activated T cells.
[Systemic diseases].
Acquired gitelman syndrome.
Human T-lymphotropic virus type I infection and idiopathic thrombocytopnic purpura.
[Analysis of clinical characteristics and risk factors of corneal melting after laser in situ keratomileusis].
[An OPA3 gene mutation is responsible for the disease associating optic atrophy and cataract with extrapyramidal signs].
Spinal nerve root ganglionitis as a cause of disc herniation: case report.
Analysis of families in the multiple autoimmune disease genetics consortium (MADGC) collection: the PTPN22 620W allele associates with multiple autoimmune phenotypes.
Treatment outcome of chronic non-malignant pain patients managed in a danish multidisciplinary pain centre compared to general practice: a randomised controlled trial.
[Senile chronic submandibular sialadenitis].
Developmental phases of inflammation-induced massive lymphoid hyperplasia and extensive changes in epithelium in an experimental model of allergy: implications for a direct link between inflammation and carcinogenesis.
Bilateral simultaneous central retinal artery occlusions in wegener granulomatosis.
Symptoms, vascular risk factors and blood-brain barrier function in relation to CT white-matter changes in dementia.
Effects of transforming growth factor beta1 expression in a rat colon carcinoma: growth inhibition, leukocyte infiltration and production of interleukin-10 and tumor necrosis factor alpha.
A simple method to estimate the secretion of saliva from minor salivary glands using iodine-starch reaction.
[Removal of the vertical portion of the lacrimal canaliculus in dry eye syndrome].
Oral d-fenfluramine test in treatment-refractory depression. Plasma prolactin response compared in patients with and without suicide attempts and in a healthy reference group.
Tapasin is required for efficient peptide binding to transporter associated with antigen processing.
[Skin changes in rheumatic diseases].
Candida-related denture stomatitis: a pilot study of the efficacy of an amorolfine antifungal varnish.
Homozygosity for the 168His variant of the minor histocompatibility antigen HA-1 is associated with reduced risk of primary Sjögren's syndrome.
Prevalence of anti-cyclic citrullinated peptide and anti-keratin antibodies in patients with primary Sjögren's syndrome.
Role of biological agents in immune-mediated inflammatory diseases.
[Sjögren's syndrome with autonomic failure and epilepsy].
Sialorrhea: a review of a vexing, often unrecognized sign of oropharyngeal and esophageal disease.
[Executive functions and serotonin activity in patients with depression. A connection mirrors the influence of serotonin on prefrontal cortex].
Jaccoud arthropathy: a rarity in the spectrum of HIV-associated arthropathy.
Detection of anti-SSA antibodies by indirect immunofluorescence.
Characteristics of salivary diffuse infiltrative lymphocytosis syndrome in West Africa.
Normal but not altered mucins activate neutrophils.
Comparison of 125I- and (111)In-labeled monoclonal antibody BR96 for tumor targeting in combination with extracorporeal immunoadsorption.
Resting and stimulated whole salivary flow rates in Sjögren's syndrome patients over time: a diagnostic aid for subsidized dental care?
Source of exhaled nitric oxide in primary biliary cirrhosis.
Associated conditions in myasthenia gravis: response to thymectomy.
HERV-F (XA34) is a full-length human endogenous retrovirus expressed in placental and fetal tissues.
The gravity field of Mars: results from Mars Global Surveyor.
Steady-state kinetics and dynamics of morphine in cancer patients: is sedation related to the absorption rate of morphine?
Clinical application of magnetic resonance sialographic 3-dimensional reconstruction imaging and magnetic resonance virtual endoscopy for salivary gland duct analysis.
CSF isoelectrofocusing in a large cohort of MS and other neurological diseases.
Treatment of fetal heart block with maternal steroid therapy: case report and review of the literature.
Hypokalaemic Paralysis Revealing Sjogren's Syndrome in a 16-Year Old Girl.
Report of a Turkish child with Sjören-Larsson syndrome associated with peripheral nerve involvement.
Impairment and work disability due to whiplash injury following traffic collisions. An analysis of insurance material from the Swedish Road Traffic Injury Commission.
Clinical characteristics of nonneoplastic cavernomatous transformation of the portal vein at a Gastroenterology Service in Spain.
Nonvasculitic autoimmune inflammatory meningoencephalitis.
[Significance of the cardiovascular function tests in patients with collagen diseases, especially for SSc (systemic scleroderma)].
Prophylactic effect of IL-10 gene transfer on induced autoimmune dacryoadenitis.
[Afraid of labor, afraid of pain--individual management is needed. "Planned delivery" is an alternative to section].
Persistent periapical radiolucencies of root-filled human teeth, failed endodontic treatments, and periapical scars.
Rheumatoid factor revisited.
The contribution of meibomian disease to dry eye.
Dysfunctional neural regulation of lacrimal gland secretion and its role in the pathogenesis of dry eye syndromes.
New insights into the diagnosis and treatment of dry eye.
HIV-associated musculoskeletal involvement.
Microchimerism: an investigative frontier in autoimmunity and transplantation.
Nutritional significance and metabolism of very long chain fatty alcohols and acids from dietary waxes.
Bone resorbing activity released from zymosan-activated mouse peritoneal macrophages--the role of prostanoids and interleukin-1.
Identification of autoantibody against poly (ADP-ribose) polymerase (PARP) fragment as a serological marker in systemic lupus erythematosus.
Transforming growth factor-beta1, a strong costimulator of rat T-cell activation promoting a shift towards a Th2-like cytokine profile.
Sexual function in women suffering from aortoiliac occlusive disease.
[Let the general practitioners go! Offer them other agreements as an alternative to the monopoly of county councils!].
Parallel detection of autoantibodies with microarrays in rheumatoid diseases.
Neurofilament protein levels in CSF are increased in dementia.
Peptide-bound major histocompatibility complex class I molecules associate with tapasin before dissociation from transporter associated with antigen processing.
Enteropathogenic bacteria in faecal swabs of young children fed on lactic acid-fermented cereal gruels.
[Collagen diseases and recurrent meningitis in an 88 year old patient].
Repair of extensive articular cartilage defects in horses by autologous chondrocyte transplantation.
Apparent diffusion coefficient mapping of the normal parotid gland and parotid involvement in patients with systemic connective tissue disorders.
Distortion of the self-reactive IgG antibody repertoire in multiple sclerosis as a new diagnostic tool.
[Variations of protein concentration in saliva stimulated and its effect on clinical diagnosis].
Presence of uterine pinopodes at the embryo-endometrial interface during human implantation in vitro.
Antibodies to CD4 in primary Sjögren's syndrome.
A new computerized biomechanical perfusion model for ex vivo study of fluid mechanical forces in intact conduit vessels.
Thoracic manifestations of the less common collagen diseases. A pictorial essay.
Earring lesions of the parotid tail.
The comparison of efficacies of topical corticosteroids and nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drops on dry eye patients: a clinical and immunocytochemical study.
Genetic landmarks through philately: Georges Marinesco (1863-1938).
Gluten sensitivity in patients with primary Sjögren's syndrome.
Rapid emergence of high-level resistance to quinolones in Campylobacter jejuni associated with mutational changes in gyrA and parC.
[Neonatal lupus syndrome: review of the literature].
[Pain epidemiology and health-related quality of life in patients with chronic non-malignant pain].
Crash responsibility versus drug and alcohol use among fatally injured and hospitalized motor vehicle drivers in Sweden.
[Diagnostic contribution of minor salivary gland biopsy: statistical analysis in 100 cases].
Diagnosing dry eye using a blue-free barrier filter.
Low fasting serum triglyceride level as a precocious marker of autoimmune disorders.
Hematologic malignancies in patients with cryoglobulinemia: association with autoimmune and chronic viral diseases.
Hydrosalpinx fluid does not adversely affect the normal development of human embryos and implantation in vitro.
The three isoforms of transforming growth factor-beta co-stimulate rat T cells and inhibit lymphocyte apoptosis.
Rheumatic manifestations of hepatitis C infection.
Sociodemographic predictors of treatment outcome in chronic non-malignant pain patients. Do patients receiving or applying for disability pension benefit from multidisciplinary pain treatment?
Rheumatic manifestations of human immunodeficiency virus.
Immunoadsorption apheresis (Selesorb) in the treatment of chronic hepatitis C virus-related type 2 mixed cryoglobulinemia.
The epidemiology of autoimmune diseases.
Routine immunofluorescence detection of Ro/SS-A autoantibody using HEp-2 cells transfected with human 60 kDa Ro/SS-A.
[Cardiac involvement in systemic autoimmune disease].
Antibody testing in peripheral neuropathies.
Effect of airborne particles from selected indoor and outdoor environments on gap-junctional intercellular communication.
[When is it a diagnosis of overlap syndrome?].
[Association of systemic diseases and myelodysplastic syndromes. A retrospective study of 14 cases].
Extrahepatic manifestations of hepatitis C infection.
Glacier surge after ice shelf collapse.
The role of caspase cascade on the development of primary Sjögren's syndrome.
Antibodies to centromere antigens measured by an automated enzyme immunoassay.
Osteoprotegerin mRNA is increased by interleukin-1 alpha in the human osteosarcoma cell line MG-63 and in human osteoblast-like cells.
Longitudinal EEG findings in dementia related to the parietal brain syndrome and the degree of dementia.
Ichthyosis: etiology, diagnosis, and management.
Oral diseases possibly associated with hepatitis C virus.
[Clinical characteristics of patients with dry eye syndrome].
[Anti-SSA/Ro and anti-SSB/La antibodies. What's new?].
Autoantibody to DNA binding protein B as a novel serologic marker in systemic sclerosis.
Ocular manifestations of hepatitis C virus infection.
Lymphoid interstitial pneumonia: a narrative review.
Cyclosporin A therapy for interstitial pneumonitis associated with rheumatic disease.
Prognostic value of the pilocarpine test to identify patients who may obtain long-term relief from xerostomia by acupuncture treatment.
Indications for intracytoplasmic sperm injection.
Cholesterol crystals as an etiological factor in non-resolving chronic inflammation: an experimental study in guinea pigs.
Combination therapy with thymosin alpha1 and interferon for the treatment of chronic hepatitis C infection: a randomized, placebo-controlled double-blind trial.
The cutaneous pathology associated with seropositivity for antibodies to SSA (Ro): a clinicopathologic study of 23 adult patients without subacute cutaneous lupus erythematosus.
Outcome of tarsoconjunctival flap dehiscence after eyelid reconstruction.
Interstitial lung diseases associated with collagen vascular diseases: radiologic and histopathologic findings.
Hepatitis B virus DNA in persons with isolated antibody to hepatitis B core antigen who subsequently received hepatitis B vaccine.
[Primary Sjögren's syndrome presenting with choreo-athetosis].
Collodion baby: a follow-up study of 17 cases.
Diagnosis of diffuse CD8+ lymphocytosis syndrome in HIV-infected patients.
Identification of pristanal dehydrogenase activity in peroxisomes: conclusive evidence that the complete phytanic acid alpha-oxidation pathway is localized in peroxisomes.
[Retrovirus, mycotoxins, immunosuppression and neurodegeneration].
Cathepsin S inhibitor prevents autoantigen presentation and autoimmunity.
[Antibodies against recombinant Ro 60 Kd, Ro 52 and La 48 Kd proteins in primary Sjogren's Syndrome. Utility of analytic methods combination to detect antibodies anti Ro and La].
Ocular lesions in 200 patients infected by the human T-cell lymphotropic virus type 1 in martinique (French West Indies).
Immunologic and serologic testing in patients with Ménière's disease.
Autoimmune thyroid disorders in juvenile chronic arthritis and systemic lupus erythematosus.
The relationship between facial annular erythema and anti-SS-A/Ro antibodies in three East Asian women.
A prospective study on silicone breast implants and the silicone-related symptom complex.
Lymphoepithelial cysts of the pancreas: a report of 12 cases and a review of the literature.
[Incidence and clinical features of splenic abscesses, with special reference to tuberculous etiology in a general hospital].
Pain epidemiology and health related quality of life in chronic non-malignant pain patients referred to a Danish multidisciplinary pain center.
[Thoracic surgery cooperation between hospitals. The PTCA is possible on the county level when supported by the districts].
Improving tumor-to-normal-tissue ratios of antibodies by extracorporeal immunoadsorption based on the avidin-biotin concept: development of a new treatment strategy applied to monoclonal antibodies murine L6 and chimeric BR96.
Pharmacotherapy of xerostomia in primary Sjögren's syndrome.
Leflunomide for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis and autoimmunity.
Galileo Gravity Results and the Internal Structure of Io
Vacuolar H(+)-ATPases. Targets for drug discovery?
Cytokine-induced injury of the lacrimal and salivary glands.
[A clinical study of pachymeningitis].
Goblet cell numbers and epithelial proliferation in the conjunctiva of patients with dry eye syndrome treated with cyclosporine.
Phenotypic alterations in circulating monocytes induced by open heart surgery using heparinized and nonheparinized cardiopulmonary bypass systems.
Pre- and postnatal growth retardation, scaling skin, moderate mental retardation and quadrispasticity, hypospadias grade 2 and hydro-uretero nephrosis, postaxial polydactyly. A distinct MCA/MR syndrome?
[The antisynthetase syndrome: a subgroup of inflammatory myopathies not to be unrecognized].
Stillbirth and maternal well-being.
Evaluation of a new automated enzyme fluoroimmunoassay using recombinant plasmid dsDNA for the detection of anti-dsDNA antibodies in SLE.
Helicobacter pylori infection in skin diseases: a critical appraisal.
Cloning and functional characterization of a subunit of the transporter associated with antigen processing.
Influence of left ventricular function on survival after coronary artery bypass grafting.
[Immunopathologic mechanism in some ocular diseases].
Treatment of gingival overgrowth induced by manidipine administration. A case report.
[Genetic background of rheumatoid arthritis in connection with a family tree].
Epstein-Barr virus dacryoadenitis resulting in keratoconjunctivitis sicca in a child.
Salivary glands and lesions: evaluation of apparent diffusion coefficients with split-echo diffusion-weighted MR imaging--initial results.
N-arylpiperazinyl-N'-propylamino derivatives of heteroaryl amides as functional uroselective alpha 1-adrenoceptor antagonists.
Characterization of human serum dipeptidyl peptidase IV (CD26) and analysis of its autoantibodies in patients with rheumatoid arthritis and other autoimmune diseases.
A syndrome of retinitis pigmentosa, congenital ichthyosis, hypergonadotropic hypogonadism, small stature, mental retardation, cranial dysmorphism, and abnormal electroencephalogram.
Involvement of microsomal fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase in the alpha-oxidation of phytanic acid.
Tissue-specific androgen responses in primary cultures of lacrimal epithelial cells studied by adenoviral gene transfer.
Cytokines in autoimmune lacrimal gland disease in MRL/MpJ mice.
[Autoimmune neutropenias].
Primary extranodal marginal zone B-cell lymphoma of the mucosa-associated lymphoid tissue type in the CNS.
Extracorporeal whole-blood immunoadsorption enhances radioimmunotargeting of iodine-125-labeled BR96-biotin monoclonal antibody.
Europa's differentiated internal structure: inferences from two Galileo encounters.
Surfactant protein D (SP-D) and systemic scleroderma (SSc).
Gravitational evidence for an undifferentiated Callisto.
Measuring the lacunar sulci as a new indicator of shrinkage of the ocular surface.
The apolipoprotein E epsilon4 allele frequency is normal in fronto-temporal dementia, but correlates with age at onset of disease.
[Myelopathy - Sjogren's syndrome association: analysis of clinical and radiological findings and clinical course].
Spreading of the tears after a blink: velocity and stabilization time in healthy eyes.
The serotype distribution of Campylobacter jejuni and C. coli isolated from patients with diarrhoea and controls at Tikur Anbassa Hospital, Addis Ababa, Ethiopia.
Lack of detection of retroviral particles (HIAP-1) in the H9 T cell line co-cultured with thyrocytes of Graves' disease.
Clinical aspects of multifocal or generalized tonic dystonia in reflex sympathetic dystrophy.
[Autoimmune cholangiopathy].
Semi-conductor detectors in output factor measurements.
MALT lymphoma originating in breast and uvula.
Evaluation of subjective assessments and objective diagnostic tests for diagnosing tear-film disorders known to cause ocular irritation.
[Distal renal tubular acidosis with rhabdomyolysis as the presenting form in 4 pregnant women].
Autoantibodies against neonatal heart M1 muscarinic acetylcholine receptor in children with congenital heart block.
[Preimplantation genetic diagnosis. Eleven trials in Gothenburg. Two pregnancies procede].
Induction of germline-length mutations at the minisatellites PC-1 and PC-2 in male mice exposed to polychlorinated biphenyls and diesel exhaust emissions.
Effects of insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) on the small intestine: a comparison between oral and subcutaneous administration in the weaned rat.
Infiltration of mononuclear inflammatory cells into primary colorectal carcinomas: an immunohistological analysis.
[Neurological deficits in patients with primary and secondary anticardiolipin syndrome].
[Heart and autonomic nervous system in connective tissue disorders].
Diagnosis of pulmonary alveolar proteinosis: usefulness of papanicolaou-stained smears of bronchoalveolar lavage fluid.
Pathophysiological role of leukotrienes in dermatological diseases: potential therapeutic implications.
[A case of acute sensory neuropathy associated with cytomegalovirus infection].
Self-dynamic structure factor of dense liquids: theory and simulation.
Identification of steroid receptors in human adipose tissue.
Resting memory CD8+ T cells are hyperreactive to antigenic challenge in vitro.
The differential diagnosis of crystals in the retina.
[Multiple Sclerosis and autoimmune diseases: clinical cases and review of the literature]
Sjögren's syndrome as seen by an ophthalmologist.
[Sicca syndromes in the elderly].
[Polyspecific response in the central nervous system. Use of antibody index].
[Keratotic neurocutaneous syndromes].
[Clinical features and response to systemic treatment of primary and secondary episcleritis and scleritis resistant to local treatment].
[Guillain-Barré syndrome in a patient with primary sicca syndrome].
Genomic organization, expression, and alternate splicing of the mouse fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase gene.
Sialolithiasis and salivary ductal stenosis: diagnostic accuracy of MR sialography with a three-dimensional extended-phase conjugate-symmetry rapid spin-echo sequence.
Structure-activity relationships for inhibition of inosine monophosphate dehydrogenase by nuclear variants of mycophenolic acid.
Autoantibody-associated congenital heart block: outcome in mothers and children.
[A clinical study in the collagen disease patients developed pulmonary tuberculosis during corticosteroid administration].
Congenital synspondylism: diagnostic features.
Tear function index. A new measure of dry eye.
Predominant recognition of human T cell leukemia virus type I (HTLV-I) pX gene products by human CD8+ cytotoxic T cells directed against HTLV-I-infected cells.
[Anti-SS-B antibody : marker of Gougerot-Sjögren's connective tissue disease independent of the dry syndrome].
[Systematic study of sequential salivary gland scintigraphy during rheumatoid arthritis and collagenosis. Apropos of 150 examinations].
Hypomelanosis of Ito: clinical syndrome or just phenotype?
Autoantibodies against chaperonin CCT in human sera with rheumatic autoimmune diseases: comparison with antibodies against other Hsp60 family proteins.
Acute renal failure due to idiopathic tubulo-intestinal nephritis and uveitis: "TINU syndrome". Case report and review of the literature.
Polymorphisms of human aldehyde dehydrogenases. Consequences for drug metabolism and disease.
Monocyte-dependent costimulatory effect of TGF- beta 1 on rat T-cell activation.
Sulfatide-induced L-selectin activation generates intracellular oxygen radicals in human neutrophils: modulation by extracellular adenosine.
Effective treatment with low-dose methotrexate pulses of a child of mixed connective tissue disease with severe myositis refractory to corticosteroid.
Gas-permeable scleral contact lens therapy in ocular surface disease.
Reinsemination of one-day-old oocytes by use of intracytoplasmic sperm injection.
An unusual central retinal dystrophy associated with ichthyosis vulgaris.
Endotoxemia and complement activation after severe burn injuries--effects on leukocytes, soluble selectins, and inflammatory cytokines.
Human liver fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase: microsomal localization, purification, and biochemical characterization.
[A novel method for screening anti-inner ear autoantibody in patients with autoimmune diseases].
[Rheumatological manifestations in HIV infections].
[Immediate care in myocardial infarction is most important. Thrombolysis right at home or in the ambulance saves lives].
Fusion of a signal sequence to the interleukin-1 beta gene directs the protein from cytoplasmic accumulation to extracellular release.
Clinical constellation of annular erythema associated with anti-Ro/La autoantibodies.
Primary hepatic marginal zone B-cell lymphoma of mucosa-associated lymphoid tissue type in a patient with primary biliary cirrhosis.
Enhanced sialyltransferase activity in B lymphocytes from patients with primary Sjögren's syndrome.
DNA fingerprinting and serotyping of Campylobacter jejuni isolates from epidemic outbreaks.
Diclofenac sodium, 0.1% (Voltaren Ophtha), versus sodium chloride, 5%, in the treatment of filamentary keratitis.
Squamous-lined cysts of the pancreas: lymphoepithelial cysts, dermoid cysts (teratomas), and accessory-splenic epidermoid cysts.
[Renal scleroderma crisis. Role of scleroderma vasculopathy in the induction of cutaneous and visceral fibrosis in 2 cases].
ICAM-1, E-selectin, and TNF alpha expression in labial salivary glands of patients with rheumatoid vasculitis.
Involvement of apoptotic protease cascade for tissue destruction in Sjögren's syndrome.
Interleukin-10 mRNA expression in B-cell chronic lymphocytic leukaemia inversely correlates with progression of disease.
Overview on human breast cancer with focus on prognostic and predictive factors with special attention on the tumour suppressor gene p53.
[Pitfalls in hypertension management--misjudgements in diagnosis and therapy].
[Effect of acupuncture in keratoconjunctivitis sicca].
p53 Status predicts survival in breast cancer patients treated with or without postoperative radiotherapy: a novel hypothesis based on clinical findings.
Identification of a natural soluble form of human CD5.
Probing the role of metal ions in RNA catalysis: kinetic and thermodynamic characterization of a metal ion interaction with the 2'-moiety of the guanosine nucleophile in the Tetrahymena group I ribozyme.
Complete sequencing of the p53 gene provides prognostic information in breast cancer patients, particularly in relation to adjuvant systemic therapy and radiotherapy.
Magnetic resonance imaging as an aid to the diagnosis and treatment evaluation of suspected myocardial sarcoidosis in a fighter pilot.
[A case of progressive systemic sclerosis complicated by idiopathic portal hypertension with severe anemia].
[HRCT of the lung in collagenoses].
A novel co-stimulatory T cell antigen co-expressed on renal cell carcinoma.
Autoimmune diseases and Helicobacter pylori infection.
Role of alcohol in traffic crashes involving women: passenger car fatalities in northern Sweden.
An appraisal of acitretin therapy in children with inherited disorders of keratinization.
Cerebrospinal fluid neuropeptides in Alzheimer's disease and vascular dementia.
Costimulation of human CD4+ T cells with LFA-3 and B7 induce distinct effects on AP-1 and NF-kappa B transcription factors.
Expression of CD11a and CD45R isoforms defines distinct subsets of CD8+ TCR alpha beta and TCR gamma delta CTL in vivo.
The Y chromosome: a graveyard for endogenous retroviruses.
Transient endotoxemia during burn wound revision causes leukocyte beta 2 integrin up-regulation and cytokine release.
[Autoimmune hepatitis and/or hepatitis C].
[Parotid swelling with night sweat, fever and weight loss symptoms. A rare differential diagnosis].
Giant aneurysm of the left main coronary artery in Takayasu aortitis.
[Diagnostic methods in parotid gland pathology].
Clinical and immunological characterization of patients with systemic sclerosis overlapping primary biliary cirrhosis: a comparison with patients with systemic sclerosis alone.
[Morphine-induced hyperalgesia, allodynia and myoclonus--new side-effects of morphine?].
[Application of amniotic membrane transplantation in severe corneal diseases].
Assessment of keratoconjunctivitis sicca in patients with fibromyalgia: results of a prospective study.
Autoimmunity and extrahepatic manifestations in hepatitis C virus infection.
A syndrome of congenital ichthyosis, hypogonadism, small stature, facial dysmorphism, scoliosis and myogenic dystrophy.
Regulation of human leukocyte antigen expression in human conjunctival epithelium.
An immunocytochemical study of H+ ATPase in kidney transplant rejection.
Inhibition of different strains of enteropathogens in a lactic-fermenting cereal gruel.
Changes in enteric neural regulation of smooth muscle in a rabbit model of small intestinal inflammation.
[Patient insurance as preventive procedure. Large number of injury cases shows risks of complications].
Administration of hepatitis A vaccine to a military population by needle and jet injector and with hepatitis B vaccine.
Human in vivo microdialysis technique can be used to measure cytokines in contact reactions.
Campylobacter jejuni/coli and enterotoxigenic Escherichia coli (ETEC) in faeces from children and adults in Tanzania.
Synthesis and characterization of iodixanol.
[Patient insurance in preventive activities. Wealth of injury material demonstrates risks of complications].
Campylobacter upsaliensis, C. sputorum sputorum and C. concisus as common causes of diarrhoea in Swedish children.
Cloning of the rat and human prostaglandin F2 alpha receptors and the expression of the rat prostaglandin F2 alpha receptor.
Fertilization and pregnancy after intracytoplasmic microinjection of acrosomeless spermatozoa.
Costimulation of human CD4+ T lymphocytes with B7 and lymphocyte function-associated antigen-3 results in distinct cell activation profiles.
Different types of in vivo induced cytolytic T lymphocytes are all LFA-Ihigh and lack CD45 exon 4 (CD45RA) but show distinct CD45RC profiles.
Diabetes-induced changes in the Gi-modulated muscarinic receptor-adenylyl cyclase system in rat myocardium.
Isolation and characterization of a rat testis glycosphingolipid based on gangliotetraosylceramide and having a blood group B determinant extended with beta 3-linked N-acetylgalactosamine.
Uroepithelial cells are part of a mucosal cytokine network.
Properties of G-protein modulated receptor-adenylyl cyclase system in myocardium of spontaneously hypertensive rats treated with adriamycin.
A general extracorporeal immunoadsorption method to increase tumor-to-tissue ratio.
Fatal cadmium-induced pneumonitis.
Human naive and memory T-helper cells display distinct adhesion properties to ICAM-1, LFA-3 and B7 molecules.
Detection of IgA class antibody to hepatitis E virus in serum samples from patients with hepatitis E virus infection.
Radicular cyst affecting a root-filled human tooth: a long-term post-treatment follow-up.
Effects of terbutaline on basal thermogenesis of human skeletal muscle and Na-K pump after 1 week of oral use--a placebo controlled comparison with propranolol.
The protective effect of inhaled levomepromazine (Nozinan) on histamine-induced bronchial constriction.
Solid-phase antibody capture hemadsorption assay for detection of hepatitis A virus immunoglobulin M antibodies.
Initial report of a hepatitis investigation in rural Belize.
[The serological response to a recombinant DNA vaccine in the native residents of 2 hyperendemic hepatitis B areas in the Peruvian Amazonia].
Frequency and enterotoxigenicity of Campylobacter jejuni and C. coli in domestic animals in Pakistan as compared to Sweden.
Locally superantigen-activated peritoneal cytolytic T lymphocytes belong to the CD8+ CD45RC- subset and lyse MHC class II+ tumor cells.
Inhibited growth of common enteropathogenic bacteria in lactic-fermented cereal gruels.
In vivo induced allo-reactive natural killer cells.
The LFA-3 adhesion pathway is differently utilized by superantigen-activated human CD4+ T-cell subsets.
Infection of owl monkeys (Aotus trivirgatus) and cynomolgus monkeys (Macaca fascicularis) with hepatitis E virus from Mexico.
Stimulation of human naive and memory T helper cells with bacterial superantigen. Naive CD4+45RA+ T cells require a costimulatory signal mediated through the LFA-1/ICAM-1 pathway.
2'-Amino-2'-deoxyguanosine is a cofactor for self-splicing in group I catalytic RNA.
Low-dose intradermal and intramuscular vaccination against hepatitis B.
Exclusion of linkage between the serotonin2 receptor and schizophrenia in a large Swedish kindred.
Laboratory tests and reference reagents employed in studies of inactivated hepatitis A vaccine.
Colectomy-proctomucosectomy with S-pouch: operative procedures, complications, and functional outcome in 69 consecutive patients.
Persistence of antibody to hepatitis B surface antigen after low-dose, intradermal hepatitis B immunization and response to a booster dose.
Rapid emergence of quinolone resistance in Campylobacter jejuni in patients treated with norfloxacin.
Treatment outcome in a multidisciplinary cancer pain clinic.
Use of artificial intelligence in structure-affinity correlations of 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin (TCDD) receptor ligands.
[A study of 10 children. Positive effects of central nervous system stimulants in hyperactivity and attention disorder].
Brain metabolism in Alzheimer's dementia: studies of 11C-deoxyglucose accumulation, CSF monoamine metabolites and neuropsychological test performance in patients and healthy subjects.
Dosing schedule for recombinant hepatitis B vaccine.
Immunogenicity achieved by the intradermal hepatitis B vaccination programme for US Army soldiers in Korea.
Pain causes in 200 patients referred to a multidisciplinary cancer pain clinic.
Effect of metoprolol on activity of beta-adrenoceptor coupled to guanine nucleotide binding regulatory proteins in adriamycin-induced cardiotoxicity.
Changes induced in growing rat bone by immobilization and remobilization.
Radio-iodinated and internally labelled (35S) IgM monoclonal antibodies in a syngenic rat model.
Independent regulation of IFN-gamma and tumor necrosis factor by IL-1 in human T helper cells.
Therapy-resistant foreign body giant cell granuloma at the periapex of a root-filled human tooth.
Three-dimensional model and molecular dynamics simulation of the active site of the self-splicing intervening sequence of the bacteriophage T4 nrdB messenger RNA.
19S and 7-8S forms of IgM antibody to hepatitis B core antigen in acute icteric hepatitis superimposed on hepatitis B surface antigen carriage.
Phenotypical and functional differentiation of CD4+ CD45RA+ human T cells following polyclonal activation.
Prostaglandin-E2 released by pre-implantation human conceptuses.
Urinary bladder and urethral responses to pelvic and hypogastric nerve stimulation and their relation to vasoactive intestinal polypeptide in the anaesthetized dog.
Adherence, enterotoxigenicity, invasiveness and serogroups in Campylobacter jejuni and Campylobacter coli strains from adult humans with acute enterocolitis.
Plasma levels of cholecystokinin and gastrin during the menstrual cycle and pregnancy.
[Serologic response to a DNA recombinant vaccine against hepatitis B in natives of the Peruvian Amazonian jungle].
Tensile and shear strength of orthodontic bracket bonding with glass ionomer cement and acrylic resin. An in vitro comparison.
Trial of intravenous lidocaine on painful neuropathy in cancer patients.
Nasal congestion during pregnancy.
[CAD/CAM in dentistry].
Diagnosis of pulmonary embolism based upon alveolar dead space analysis.
A comparative study of attachment of human, bovine and mouse blastocysts to uterine epithelial monolayer.
Proliferation of human CD4+45R+ and CD4+45R- T helper cells is promoted by both IL-2 and IL-4 while interferon-gamma production is restricted to IL-2 activated CD4+45R- T cells.
Maximal interferon-gamma production and early synthesis of interleukin-2 by CD4+ CDw29- CD45R- p80- human T lymphocytes.
Cytotoxic effects on viable human leukemic cells by combinations of lymphokine activated killer cells and monoclonal antibodies.
Effects of sulpiride and chlorpromazine on regional cerebral glucose metabolism in schizophrenic patients as determined by positron emission tomography.
Characterization of the plasmid from Escherichia coli RDEC-1 that mediates expression of adhesin AF/R1 and evidence that AF/R1 pili promote but are not essential for enteropathogenic disease.
Prognosis after withdrawal of chronic postinfarction metoprolol treatment: a 2-7 year follow-up.
The structure of crystalline bacterial surface layers.
[Functions of a multidisciplinary pain clinic for cancer patients].
Regional brain glucose metabolism in drug free schizophrenic patients and clinical correlates.
Altered relationships between metabolic rates of glucose in brain regions of schizophrenic patients.
A microcalorimetric study of the sodium-potassium-pump and thermogenesis in human skeletal muscle.
Selection of patients for biological standardization as exemplified by standardization of mugwort, goosefoot and English plantain pollen allergen extracts/preparations.
Histamine acts directly on human T cells to inhibit interleukin-2 and interferon-gamma production.
Results of biological standardization with standardized allergen preparations.
Increases in blood flow of the female rabbit urethra following low dose estrogens.
Magnetic carbohydrate nanoparticles for affinity cell separation.
Enhancement of insulin-like growth factor 2 receptors in glioblastoma.
Histamine inhibits interferon-gamma production via suppression of interleukin 2 synthesis.
IgA anti-gliadin antibodies and jejunal mucosal lesions in healthy blood donors.
Characterization of somatomedins from human fetal brain: identification of a variant form of insulin-like growth factor I.
Use of microcalorimetry in analysing the kinetics of ADCC.
The influence of maternal protein deprivation on the developmental pattern of serum immunoreactive insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1) levels.
Immune effects of alpha-interferon in chronic liver disease.
Treatment of essential hypertension with felodipine in combination with a diuretic.
Applications of a computerized adjustable brain atlas in positron emission tomography.
Regional distribution of alpha-adrenoceptor subtypes in the female rabbit urethra.
Extracorporeal fertilization of human oocytes and their replacement; suggested simplifications.
Mouse monoclonal antibodies with specificity for the melanoma-associated ganglioside disialyllactosylceramide (GD3) also react with the structural analogue disialylparagloboside.
Effect of gonadotrophins on progesterone secretion by cultured granulosa cells obtained from human preovulatory follicles.
Long-term treatment with metoprolol after myocardial infarction: effect on 3 year mortality and morbidity.
Comparative efficacy of oral sotalol and procainamide in patients with chronic ventricular arrhythmias: a multicenter study.
Steroid secretion by cumulus cells isolated from human preovulatory follicles.
Vascular effects of phenylpropanolamine on human nasal mucosa.
11C-2-deoxy-D-glucose: synthesis and preliminary comparison with 11C-D-glucose as a tracer for cerebral energy metabolism in PET studies.
Oocyte maturation as regulated by follicular factors.
A comparison of sustained-release terbutaline with ordinary salbutamol in bronchial asthma.
A vaginal temperature registration system.
Supersensitivity to carbachol in the parasympathetically decentralized feline urinary bladder.
Difference between young and old patients in characteristics of leukemic cells: older patients have cells growing excessively in vitro, with low antigenicity despite high HLA-DR antigens.
Excretion of adrenaline, noradrenaline, vanilmandelic acid and metanephrines in 64 patients with pheochromocytoma. Results of repeated analyses in patients with sustained and paroxysmal hypertension.
Thyroid hormone resistance in a 35-year old man with recurrent goitre.
Parafilaria bovicola (Tubangui 1934) in cattle: epizootiology-disease occurrence.
[Tuberculin sensitivity in Swedish school children BCG vaccinated at birth].
Relation between arrhythmic sensations, cardiac arrhythmias and psychological profile.
Alternate lunch patterns in high schools. II. Student and foodstaff reactions.
Role of prostaglandins in the responses of rabbit detrusor to non-cholinergic, non-adrenergic nerve stimulation and to ATP.
Incidence of tuberculosis among Scandinavian immigrants in Canada.
Is vascular innervation a prerequisite for PG-induced luteolysis in the human corpus luteum?
Determination of lymphokine induced histamine release in vitro [proceedings].
The LDH virus: an interfering biological contaminant.
Detection of antibodies to embryonic antigens in sera of multiparous or colon tumor-bearing rats by a new indirect immunofluorescence assay.
Single right-sided precordial lead in the diagnosis of right ventricular involvement in inferior myocardial infarction.
Selected psychosocial variables in the delay of reaching the coronoary care unit.
Effect of quinidine on maintaining sinus rhythm after conversion of atrial fibrillation or flutter. A multicentre study from Stockholm.
Sequential studies of serum blocking activity in rats bearing chemically induced primary bowel tumors.
Absorption of blocking activity from human tumor-bearer sera by Staphylococcus aureus, Cowan I.
Bioavailability and tolerance studies on acetylsalicylic acid suppositories.
Brain growth in children with kwashiorkor. A study using head circumference measurement, transillumination and ultrasonic echo ventriculography.
Late rise in SGPT after acute myocardial infarction.
Preparative fractionation of triglyceride mixtures according to acyl carbon number, using hydroxyalkoxypropyl Sephadex.
Brain growth in children with marasmus. A study using head circumference measurement, transillumination and ultrasonic echo ventriculography.
The prognosis of patients with acute myocardial infarction treated with transvenous electrical pacing of the heart.
Atrial fibrillation in acute myocardial infarction.
Serum factors in tumor-free patients cancelling the blocking of cell-mediated tumor immunity.
Demonstration of cell-mediated immunity to human neoplasms of various histological types.
Cardiovascular dimensions and moderate physical training in young men.
Effects of disulfiram on growth, longevity, and reproduction of the albino rat.
Rhabdomyosarcoma of the heart. A case report.
[Acute torticollis in chigren].
Demonstration of host resistance against sarcomas induced by implantation of cellophane films in isologous (syngeneic) recipients.
Steroid hormone production in a case of Cushing's syndrome with electrolyte changes simulating primary aldosteronism.
The sialic acids of hog pancreas.
Preliminary studies on the effect of feeding sorbic acid upon the growth, reproduction, and cellular metabolism of albino rats.
The effect of small dosages of ACTH protein and ACTH peptides in cases of rheumatoid arthritis.
T cell activation pathways: B7, LFA-3, and ICAM-1 shape unique T cell profiles.
Monoclonal antibodies against human blastocysts.
Distinct splicing of CD45 mRNA in activated rat gamma delta cytotoxic T lymphocytes.
Microfertilization techniques--the Swedish experience.
[A hope for men with spermatozoa antibodies. Very good results with assisted fertilization].
Asthma, lung function, and bronchial responsiveness in welders.
pH and acidity in lactic-fermenting cereal gruels: effects on viability of enteropathogenic microorganisms.
Effects of temperature and oxygen tension on growth of Escherichia coli in milk.
A 22-year-old man with a liver mass and markedly elevated serum alpha fetoprotein.
Workshop: Immunotoxicology and in vitro possibilities.
Survival after coronary artery bypass grafting. Experience from 4661 patients.
Cytogenetic characterization of a periampullary adenocarcinoma of the pancreas, its liver metastasis, and a cell line established from the metastasis and a cell line established from the metastasis in a patient with Gardner's syndrome.
Recurrent clinical exacerbations of liver disease during the course of infection with hepatitis C virus.
Regional cerebral oxidative and total glucose consumption during rest and activation studied with positron emission tomography.
A trial of the reactogenicity and immunogenicity of an inactivated hepatitis A vaccine.
The role of IgA determination by ELISA in the early serodiagnosis of Mycoplasma pneumoniae infection, in relation to IgG and mu-capture IgM methods.
Progress in a genome scan for linkage in schizophrenia in a large Swedish kindred.
Small animal imaging with pinhole single-photon emission computed tomography.
Substance P-, calcitonin gene-related peptide, growth-associated protein-43, and neurotrophin receptor-like immunoreactivity associated with unmyelinated axons in feline ventral roots and pia mater.
Non-specific steroidal esterase activity and distribution in human and other mammalian tissues.
Reoxygenation-induced cell damage of isolated neonatal rat ventricular myocytes can be reduced by chain-breaking antioxidants.
Association of susceptibility to multiple sclerosis in Sweden with HLA class II DRB1 and DQB1 alleles.
C1s shakeup spectrum of C60: Global charge-transfer satellites and their relation to the x-ray threshold singularities in macroscopic systems.
Depression of the immune response to an inactivated hepatitis A vaccine administered concomitantly with immune globulin.
Growth of ascending spinal axons in CNS scar tissue.
Monocyte-regulated IFN-gamma production in human T cells involves CD2 signaling.
Free radical scavenging enzymes and G protein mediated receptor signalling systems in ischaemically preconditioned porcine myocardium.
Recombinant immunoblot assays for hepatitis C in human immunodeficiency virus type 1-infected US Navy personnel.
[Three anesthesia departments scrutinize each other. Accreditation according to an Australian model].
[Decentralized coronary care program: better quality of care and shorter waiting lists when angiography and vascular surgery are performed locally].
[The pedagogic method of family training].
Reaction time in cancer patients receiving peripherally acting analgesics alone or in combination with opioids.
Pathogenicity of Actinomyces israelii and Arachnia propionica: experimental infection in guinea pigs and phagocytosis and intracellular killing by human polymorphonuclear leukocytes in vitro.
[It is inconceivable that the Swedish Lactation Code protects industrial breast-milk substitutes].
[Causes of pain and treatment effect in patients with cancer referred to a multidisciplinary pain clinic].
A recombinant C-terminal fragment of staphylococcal enterotoxin A binds to human MHC class II products but does not activate T cells.
The transport of tyrosine into the human brain as determined with L-[1-11C]tyrosine and PET.
In vivo induction of gamma/delta T cells with highly potent and selective anti-tumor cytotoxicity.
Induction of interleukin-1 in human monocytes by the superantigen staphylococcal enterotoxin A requires the participation of T cells.
Clinical significance of two forms of IgM antibody to hepatitis delta virus.
Sensitivity to sensitins and tuberculin in Swedish children. I. A study of schoolchildren in an urban area.
The role of chronic viral hepatitis in hepatocellular carcinoma in the United States.
Functions of rat CD4+ T cell subsets defined by CD45RB: CD45RB- cells have a much stronger response to recall antigens, whereas polyclonally activated cells of both subsets are equally efficient producers of IFN in the presence of exogenous IL-2.
Activity of receptors coupled to guanine nucleotide binding regulatory protein in doxorubicin induced cardiomyopathy.
Intraradicular bacteria and fungi in root-filled, asymptomatic human teeth with therapy-resistant periapical lesions: a long-term light and electron microscopic follow-up study.
Human immunodeficiency viral protease is catalytically active as a fusion protein: characterization of the fusion and native enzymes produced in Escherichia coli.
[Impaired pulmonary function after welding of painted steel].
Small bile duct abnormalities in sarcoidosis.
Comparative trial of low-dose, intradermal, recombinant- and plasma-derived hepatitis B vaccines.
Regeneration of cranial suture and bone plate lesions in rabbits. Implications for positioning of osteotomies.
[Midazolam and ketamine for rectal premedication and induction of anesthesia in children].
Cytosolic free calcium elevation mediates the phagosome-lysosome fusion during phagocytosis in human neutrophils.
Lytic cocktail in children. Rectal versus intramuscular administration.
The TcR-CD3 complex is required for activation of human lymphocytes with staphylococcal enterotoxin A.
Nerve-mediated functions in the circular and longitudinal muscle layers of the proximal female rabbit urethra.
Presence of IgA and IgG antigliadin antibodies in healthy adults as measured by micro-ELISA. Effect of various cutoff levels on specificity and sensitivity when diagnosing coeliac disease.
Plasmids and serogroups in Campylobacter jejuni.
Effects of pinacidil and cromakalim (BRL 34915) on bladder function in rats with detrusor instability.
The effects of altered nutritional status upon insulin-like growth factors and their binding proteins in neonatal rats.
Binding of staphylococcal enterotoxin A to HLA-DR on B cell lines.
Restorative and endodontic results after treatment with cast posts and cores.
Plasma levels of gastrin, somatostatin, VIP, insulin and oxytocin during the menstrual cycle in women (with and without oral contraceptives).
Molecular genetic studies in schizophrenia.
Serological markers of hepatitis B virus and hepatitis D virus infections in Greek adults with primary hepatocellular carcinoma.
Inhibitory effects of histamine on interleukin 2 and gamma interferon production of different human T helper cell subsets.
Evidence against linkage of schizophrenia to markers on chromosome 5 in a northern Swedish pedigree.
Orthotic technique for dystonia musculorum deformans.
Calcitonin gene-related peptide in rat salivary glands: neuronal localization, depletion upon nerve stimulation, and effects on salivation in relation to substance P.
Monoclonal antibodies produced by immunization with neoglycoproteins containing Gal alpha 1-4Gal beta 1-4Glc beta-O and Gal alpha 1-4Gal beta 1-4GlcNAc beta-O residues: useful immunochemical and cytochemical reagents for blood group P antigens and a differentiation marker in Burkitt lymphoma and other B-cell malignancies.
Two subsets of human CD4+ T helper cells differing in kinetics and capacities to produce interleukin 2 and interferon-gamma can be defined by the Leu-18 and UCHL1 monoclonal antibodies.
PET determination of regional cerebral glucose metabolism in alcohol-dependent men and healthy controls using 11C-glucose.
[Long-term prognosis after treatment of various endocrine diseases].
The effect of diabetes on phosphatidylinositol turnover and calcium influx in myocardium.
Contents and effects of substance P and vasoactive intestinal polypeptide in the bladder of rats with and without infravesical outflow obstruction.
Histamine inhibits interleukin 1 production by lipopolysaccharide-stimulated human peripheral blood monocytes.
Resistance of some leukemic blasts to lysis by lymphokine activated killer (LAK) cells.
Laboratory detection of hepatitis A virus in stools.
Digoxin, magnesium, and potassium levels in a forensic autopsy material of sudden death from ischemic heart disease.
Stereoselective binding of 11C-raclopride in living human brain--a search for extrastriatal central D2-dopamine receptors by PET.
Tissue repair and IGF-I.
Lymphocyte subpopulations and lymphokine production in children with constitutional aplastic anemia.
Source of calcium for contractions induced by depolarization and muscarinic receptor stimulation in rabbit urinary bladder.
Glucose tolerance in hypertensive patients during treatment with the calcium antagonist, felodipine.
Serum angiotensin converting enzyme activity in evaluation of patients with liver disease.
Cystometrical evaluation of bladder instability in rats with infravesical outflow obstruction.
Natural history of acute hepatitis B surface antigen-positive hepatitis in Greek adults.
Healing of periapical lesions of pulpless teeth after endodontic treatment with controlled asepsis.
A comparison of nutrient-based and exchange-group methods of diet instruction for patients with noninsulin-dependent diabetes.
Clinical experience in an in vitro fertilization and embryo replacement program of a new method for analysis of urinary estrogens.
Antihypertensive effects and pharmacokinetics of felodipine combined with a beta-blocker and a diuretic.
[Complete intravenous anesthesia for minor surgical interventions. Evaluation of the quality of anesthesia and recovery].
Significance of IgM antibody to hepatitis B core antigen in a Greek population with chronic hepatitis B virus infection.
Serologic markers of hepatitis B virus (HBV) and hepatitis D virus infection in carriers of hepatitis B surface antigen who are frequently exposed to HBV.
Muscarinic receptors in mammalian myocardium: effects of atrial and ventricular receptors on phosphatidylinositol metabolism and adenylate cyclase.
Short-term haemodynamic effects of dopexamine in patients with chronic congestive heart failure.
Synergistic action of gamma interferon and catalase to reverse the suppressive effect of peritoneal macrophages on concanavalin A-induced lymphocyte proliferation.
Isolation and characterization of variant IGF-1 as well as IGF-2 from adult human brain.
[Control of tuberculosis in Sweden--a suggestion].
Effects of retinoids on in vitro differentiation of bone marrow cells in the myelodysplastic syndrome.
Immunological abnormalities in a child with constitutional aplastic anemia.
Antitrichomonal activity of mesoionic thiazolo[3,2-a]pyridines.
Replication of hepatitis B virus in adult carriers in an endemic area.
Hemodynamic effects of ICI 118.587 (Corwin) in patients with mild cardiac failure after myocardial infarction.
Anatomic and physiologic characteristics of transplanted fetal rat intestine.
Dose-response relationship of a topical nasal decongestant: phenylpropanolamine.
Environmental factors and uptake of cadmium among brazers using cadmium-containing hard solders.
Low urinary calcium excretion in Bartter's syndrome.
The presence of normal receptors for somatomedin and insulin in fetuses with Down's syndrome.
[117 individuals consecutively referred to a sexological clinic. Sexological data compared with a reference group].
Sexual function in prostatic cancer patients treated with radiotherapy, orchiectomy or oestrogens.
Resistance to 6-thioguanine in spontaneously cycling and in mitogen-stimulated human peripheral lymphocytes.
The effects of a highly purified hyaluronidase preparation on experimental myocardial infarction in the rat.
Analysis of B-cell activation of cerebrospinal fluid lymphocytes in multiple sclerosis.
Direct effects of adenosine and adenine nucleotides on isolated human urinary bladder and their influence on electrically induced contractions.
Modifying the biological response to acute myeloid leukemia I. BCG, allogeneic leukemic cells and spontaneous cytotoxicity.
Influence of supply of heat to cobalt-chromium frameworks during soldering and subsequent hardening heat treatment of wrought clasps.
Evidence for the presence of specific receptors for insulin-like growth factors 1 (IGE-1) and 2 (IGF-2) and insulin throughout the adult human brain.
Progesterone and adenosine 3',5'-monophosphate formation by isolated human corpora lutea of different ages: influences of human chorionic gonadotropin and prostaglandins.
Oestrogen binding sites in nuclear fractions from the rat urogenital tract.
Site of brain lesion and functional capacity in rehabilitated hemiplegics.
Surface Ia-like expression and MLR-stimulating capacity of human leukemic myeloblasts: implications for immunotherapy and prognosis.
Substance P and somatostatin and excitatory neurotransmission in rabbit urinary bladder.
Wire basket extraction of foreign bodies from the tracheobronchial tree of small children.
Intermittent neurological symptoms in a girl with a maple syrup urine disease (MSUD) variant.
[Sensitivity to tuberculin in Swedish schoolboys vaccinated with BCG at birth].
Inhibition of LH-stimulated cyclic AMP formation in pre-ovulatory rat granulosa cells by follicular fluid.
Mechanisms of the responses to non-cholinergic, non-adrenergic nerve stimulation and to ATP in isolated rabbit urinary bladder: evidence for ADP evoked prostaglandin release.
Relation between ventricular arrhythmias and psychological profile.
Effect of Clostridium perfringens neuraminidase on viability and antigenicity of human leukemic myeloblasts.
[Tuberculous meningitis--an important differential diagnosis in the Sweden of today].
Lunar studies.
Gravity field of venus: a preliminary analysis.
Measurement of proteolysis in natural waters.
Bone mineral content in the proximal tibia measured by computer tomography.
Complete heart block due to granulomatous giant cell myocarditis: report of 3 cases.
Separation of rat leukocytes by countercurrent distribution in aqueous two-phase systems. I. Characterization of subpopulations of cells.
Cardiac filling pressures in acute inferior myocardial infarction with and without right ventricular involvement.
Two cases of myocardial disease simulating constrictive pericarditis.
In vitro cell-mediated immune reactions of melanoma and colorectal carcinoma patients demonstrated by long-term 51chromium assays.
[How to get patients with myocardial infarct faster to the hospital ?].
A long-term 51chromium assay for in vitro cell-mediated tumor immunity. Correlation with simultaneously performed microplate assays.
Prediction of sudden death in patients discharged after acute myocardial infarction.
Tumor-associated and embryonic antigens in soluble fractions of a chemically-induced rat colon carcinoma.
[Effect of mefruside on blood pressure and on potassium, magnesium and uric acid in the blood].
The effects of cyclophosphamide on in vitro correlates of tumor immunity.
Prehospital phase of patients admitted to a coronary care unit.
[Experiences of rehabilitation abroad after heart infarct].
Acid-base disturbances in patients with acute myocardial infarction.
A-V nodal rhythm in acute myocardial infarction.
Destruction of cultivated melanoma cells by lymphocytes from healthy Black (North American Negro) donors.
Mariner 9 celestial mechanics experiment: gravity field and pole direction of Mars.
Clinical aspects of continuous epidural blockade for postoperative pain relief.
Responses of the rabbit and cat urinary bladders in situ to drugs and to nerve stimulation.
3. Attempts at emergency surgical treatment.
Blocking of cell-mediated tumor immunity by sera from patients with growing neoplasms.
Primary hyperparathyroidism in children. Brief review of the literature and a case report.
Lunar Gravity over Large Craters from Apollo 12 Tracking Data.
Malignant hemangioendothelioma of the pericardium. A case report.
Malnutrition and brain development--neuro-physiological observations.
Demonstration of host resistance against isotransplantation of lymphomas induced by the Gross agent.
Hypertensive form of congenital adrenocortical hyperplasia, analysis of a case with co-existing polycystic ovaries.
Demonstration of resistance against methylcholanthrene-induced sarcomas in the primary autochthonous host.
Superinfection of polyma-induced mouse tumors with polyoma virus in vitro.
[Endocrine deficiencies after hypophysectomy in humans].
Two cases of chronic renal disease simulating morbus Addison.
The effect of intravenous administration of adrenaline and dl-nor-adrenaline on the circulating eosinophils and lymphocytes.
Metabolic studies with ACTH protein.
Evidence of autoantibodies to cell membrane associated DNA (cultured lymphocytes): a new specific marker for rapid identification of systemic lupus erythematosus.
[Decompensated diabetes mellitus and hyperchloremic metabolic acidosis: a case with both pathologies].
A new therapeutic approach to the fetus with congenital complete heart block: preemptive, targeted therapy with dexamethasone.
Collagen disease: the enemy within.
[Extrahepatic manifestations of hepatitis C infection].
The significance of the 'dust-like particles' pattern of immunofluorescence. A study of 66 cases.
IL-1 receptor antagonist (IL-1RA) gene polymorphism in Sjögren's syndrome and rheumatoid arthritis.
Rheumatoid arthritis: sequences.
[Neurosarcoidosis].
Antiphospholipid syndrome in systemic connective tissue diseases.
Lymphoepithelial cysts of salivary glands: an immunohistochemical study of HIV-related and HIV-unrelated lesions.
Vascular and immunological disorders associated with Helicobacter pylori infection.
Anti-Ro/SS-A positivity and heat shock protein antibodies in patients with normal-pressure glaucoma.
[Sjogren's syndrome: a new diagnostic approximation].
[Chronic lymphatic leukemia and large granular lymphocytes].
[Lymphoma of the parotid salivary gland].
[Physiology and pathology of tear film in the course of dry eye syndrome].
Autoantibodies against lacrimal gland M3 muscarinic acetylcholine receptors in patients with primary Sjögren's syndrome.
[The lymphoepithelial lesion in salivary glands:report of 25 cases]
Autoimmune phenomena and hepatitis C virus in lymphoproliferative and connective tissue disorders.
Quantification of stratum corneum ceramides and lipid envelope ceramides in the hereditary ichthyoses.
Laboratory tests for ichthyosis.
Visual acuity and stereoacuity among mentally retarded children.
Malignant lymphoma of the ocular adnexa associated with the benign lymphoepithelial lesion of the parotid glands. Report of two cases.
[Hodgkin's disease associated with Behçet's disease].
[Urticarial erythema with neutrophilic infiltration--correlation of cutaneous vascular changes with clinical severity].
Sjögren's syndrome in patients with multiple sclerosis.
[A new method to evaluate xerostomia in Sjögren's syndrome].
[Vasculitic urticaria: study of 12 cases].
Sjögren's syndrome and tear function parameters.
Reliability and validity of the dot visual acuity test.
Epithelial HLA-DR expression and T lymphocyte subsets in salivary glands in Sjögren's syndrome.
[Ocular sequelae and sicca syndrome following Lyell's syndrome].
[Current viewpoints of Sjögren's syndrome].
[Nucleophagocytosis in monocytes--an immunocytologic phenomenon of anti-dna-antibodies].
[The value of RNase-ANA determinations for the diagnosis of Sharp syndrome (mixed connective tissue disease) (author's transl)].
Neurocutaneous disorders in children.
[Development of an immunoenzyme assay technique of ELISA type for detecting anti-SSB antibodies. Comparative study of 2 kits].
[Lupus, sicca syndrome and chronic interstitial nephritis. Apropos of a case].
[Sjögren's syndrome and differential diagnosis of parotid gland hypertrophy].
[Mixed connective tissue disease and correlated diseases].
Association of Sjögren's syndrome and sarcoidosis. Report of a case.
A syndrome with juvenile cataract, cerebellar atrophy, mental retardation and myopathy.
The clinical effectiveness and safety of chronic plasmapheresis in patients with primary biliary cirrhosis.
[Anti-collagen antibodies. Their detection in rheumatoid polyarthritis, chronic atrophic polychondritis and various chronic inflammatory rheumatism].
[Autoimmune diseases of the salivary glands].
[Biopsy of the mucosa of the lower lip for purposes of diagnosing Sjögren's syndrome].
Otolaryngological aspects of Sjögren's syndrome.
Cosmetic saline breast implants: a survey of satisfaction, breast-feeding experience, cancer screening, and health.
[Rheumatic manifestations associated with infection by the hepatitis C virus].
[Systemic immunologic diseases as differential diagnosis in psychiatry].
[Immunological analysis of HTLV-I env-pX transgenic rat with various collagen vascular diseases].
A preliminary assessment of intra-oral lubricating systems for dry mouth patients.
[Superantigens and autoimmune diseases].
Prevalence of antineutrophil cytoplasmic antibodies in a large inception cohort of patients with connective tissue disease.
Neonatal lupus erythematosus related to maternal leukocytoclastic vasculitis.
Autoreactive T cell clones from patients with systemic lupus erythematosus support polyclonal autoantibody production.
Construction of Quaternary Stereogenic Centers via [2 + 2] Cycloaddition Reactions. Synthesis of Homochiral 4,4-Disubstituted 2-Azetidinones and Imine Substituent Effects on beta-Lactam Formation.
HTLV-I env-pX transgenic rats: prototype animal model for collagen vascular diseases.
Biclonal immunoglobulin M dysglobulinaemia: evolving aspects in a case of primary Sjögren's syndrome.
[HIV-associated salivary gland diseases. Review of the literature and 3 case reports].
Sjögren's disease associated with a pulmonary lesion and nephrocalcinosis.
A case of Sjögren's disease with scleroderma.
Sjögren's syndrome.
Sjögren's syndrome associated with lymphoblastoma and hypersplenism.
Sjögren's syndrome; report of a case with discussion as to cause.
Human fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase gene (ALDH10): organization and tissue-dependent expression.
The retina: genetic studies of several retinopathies located on the short arm of chromosome 17.
Genomic organization and expression of the human fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase gene (FALDH).
[The role of radiotherapy in the management of benign lymphoepithelial lesions].
Animal models of cutaneous lupus erythematosus and lupus erythematosus photosensitivity.
Sjogren's disease associated with a pulmonary lesion and nephrocalcinosis.
A contribution to the pathology of Sjögren's disease.
A case of Sjögren's syndrome treated with adrenocorticotrophic hormone.
[ACTH therapy in Sjögren's syndrome].
Dryness of the mouth.
[Clinical investigations on the action of cocarboxylase].
[Gougerot-Sjöngren syndrome of complex etiology].
Sjögren's syndrome.
Sjøgren's syndrome.
[Not Available].
[Scleroderma with anomalies of the thyroid function. 7 cases].
Simultaneous bilateral total knee arthroplasty for rheumatoid arthritis.
[Pathophysiology of sensory ataxic neuropathy].
[Clinical evaluation of immuno-serological laboratory data].
[HIV-associated cysts of the parotid glands. An histomorphologic and magnetic resonance tomography study of formal pathogenesis].
HIV-related parotid lymphoepithelial cysts. Immunohistochemistry and 3-D reconstruction of surgical and autopsy material with special reference to formal pathogenesis.
17-beta-estradiol increases expression of 52-kDa and 60-kDa SS-A/Ro autoantigens in human keratinocytes and breast cancer cell line MCF-7.
Analysis of the concentration and output of whole salivary constituents in patients with Sjögren's syndrome.
Analysis of autoantibodies to plasminogen in the serum of patients with rheumatoid arthritis.
[The sialographic characteristics of Warthin tumor in the parotid gland].
Reversible parotid enlargement and pseudo-Sjögren's syndrome secondary to hypertriglyceridemia.
Urolithiasis and distal renal tubular acidosis preceding primary Sjögren's syndrome: a retrospective study 5-53 years after the presentation of urolithiasis.
Pitfalls in the diagnosis of autoantibodies associated with paraneoplastic neurologic disease.
Inherited ichthyoses: a review of the histology of the skin.
[Effects of Sjögren's syndrome on pulmonary function impairment in patients with rheumatoid arthritis].
Silicate antibodies in women with silicone breast implants: development of an assay for detection of humoral immunity.
Flow-cytometric investigation of epidermal cell characteristics in monogenic disorders of keratinization and their modulation by topical calcipotriol treatment.
Prognosis of orbital lymphoid hyperplasia.
Recent advances in the molecular genetics of the neuronal ceroid lipofuscinoses.
MR of vasculitis-induced optic neuropathy.
Ocular manifestations in patients with HTLV-I associated infection--a clinical study of 93 cases.
[Lip biopsy of minor salivary glands in Sjogren's syndrome: histological findings and clinico-pathological correlations].
[Multiple Sclerosis--diagnosis and its problems].
Hepatitis C: a multifaceted disease. Review of extrahepatic manifestations.
[Clinical analysis of 14 patients with anti-myeloperoxidase antibody positive rapid progressive glomerulonephritic syndrome].
Silica-associated connective tissue disease. A study of 24 cases.
Primary biliary cirrhosis: lung involvement.
[Tubulointerstitial nephropathy secondary to collagen-vascular diseases].
Renal tubular acidosis complicated with hypokalemic periodic paralysis.
Refined localization of the Batten disease gene (CLN3) by haplotype and linkage disequilibrium mapping to D16S288-D16S383 and exclusion from this region of a variant form of Batten disease with granular osmiophilic deposits.
[Detection of anti small nuclear ribonucleoprotein antibody in patients with collagen disease--a comparison of sensitivities of four methods].
Presence of antibodies to different subunits of replication protein A in autoimmune sera.
One hundred anti-Ro (SS-A) antibody positive patients: a 10-year follow-up.
Spontaneous development of corneal crystalline deposits in MRL/Mp mice.
[Cutaneous pseudolymphoma during treatment of rheumatoid polyarthritis with low-dose methotrexate].
[HTLV1 infection and sicca syndrome].
[An adult case of hemolytic uremic syndrome (HUS) after pathogenic Escherichia coli (E. coli) infection].
Analysis of skin-derived amniotic fluid cells in the second trimester; detection of severe genodermatoses expressed in the fetal period.
Prevalence of serum and salivary antibodies to HTLV-1 in Sjögren's syndrome.
[Sjögren's syndrome].
A reduced level of multiple mutation in a shuttle vector passaged in Sjögren's syndrome cells.
Macrogolgin--a new 376 kD Golgi complex outer membrane protein as target of antibodies in patients with rheumatic diseases and HIV infections.
[Immunogenetics of the Sjogren's syndrome in southern Spain].
[Pathology of rheumatoid lung].
Incidence of cancer among men with the Felty syndrome.
[An ELISA for the detection of anti-neutrophil cytoplasmic antibodies using the cytoplasmic alpha-fraction--clinical use for the diagnosis of Wegener granulomatosis and for monitoring its activity].
Liver disease in association with neonatal lupus erythematosus.
Genetic heterogeneity in neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis (NCL): evidence that the late-infantile subtype (Jansky-Bielschowsky disease; CLN2) is not an allelic form of the juvenile or infantile subtypes.
[Blepharospasm; results of treatment with botulin].
Clinical expression of systemic lupus erythematosus in patients with C4A deficiency.
[Oncology 1992. Association with ophthalmology and brief status evaluation].
[Rheumatological manifestations and HIV infection].
[Study of synovial lesions by MRI using gadolinium-DTPA (Gd-DTPA) in patient with early phase of rheumatoid arthritis].
[Rheumatoid factors--recent advances in measurement techniques, their fine specificities and mechanisms of their production].
Progressive spastic paraparesis associated with human T-cell leukemia virus type I (HTLV-I).
Quantitative evaluation of sialograms.
Ichthyoses and hyperkeratotic disorders.
Hypokalemic paralysis associated with distal renal tubular acidosis.
Target epitope in the Tax protein of human T-cell leukemia virus type I recognized by class I major histocompatibility complex-restricted cytotoxic T cells.
[Sjögren's syndrome associated with renal lithiasis. Report of a case and review of the literature].
[Anticardiolipin antibodies in connective tissue diseases].
[Silicone breast implants and collagen diseases].
[Primary Sjogren's syndrome in men: evolution to acute lymphoblastic leukemia].
[Sweet's syndrome (acute febrile neutrophilic dermatosis) associated with Sjögren's syndrome. A clinical case].
A method for determination of fractal dimensions of sialographic images.
Sialadenitis in nonobese diabetic mice: transfer into syngeneic healthy neonates by splenic T lymphocytes.
[Primary biliary cirrhosis].
Molecular genetic analysis of neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis.
[Analysis of knee arthroscopic findings in rheumatic diseases].
Isolation and characterization of a Chinese hamster ovary cell line deficient in fatty alcohol:NAD+ oxidoreductase activity.
Hashimoto's thyroiditis as a risk factor of thyroid lymphoma.
Defective cAMP-dependent phosphorylation of intact T lymphocytes in active systemic lupus erythematosus.
[Sarcoidosis as a multi-organ disease].
[The importance of the interpretation of autoantibodies: apropos of a case with anti-Ro antibodies during pregnancy].
[The morphological characteristics of the changes in the gastrointestinal tract in Sjögren's disease and Sjögren's syndrome].
Hyperechoic medulla of the kidneys.
Heterogeneity of ribosomal autoantibodies from human, murine and canine connective tissue diseases.
[Significance of anticardiolipin antibodies in connective tissue diseases].
Resolution of pure red cell aplasia and lymphoma: response to intravenous gammaglobulin and combination chemotherapy.
[Prognosis of patients with primary pulmonary hypertension].
[The Saxon test for objective assessment of xerostomia. A contribution to the diagnosis of Sjögren's syndrome].
[Morphologic characteristics of the parotid glands in monkeys in the late period following mumps].
Studies on circulating immune complexes. I: Circulating immune complexes in various types of glomerulonephritis and collagen disease: a comparative study employing conglutinin solid phase radioimmunoassay and raji cell radioimmunoassay.
[Antiphospholipid antibodies: clinical significance in systemic lupus erythematosus].
[Necrotizing sarcoid-like granulomatous vasculitis of the lung in a female patient with liver cirrhosis].
[Primary sclerosing cholangitis associated with Sjögren's syndrome, retroperitoneal fibrosis and chronic pancreatitis. Report of a case].
Fetal complete heart block.
Molecular analysis of the 60-kDa human Ro ribonucleoprotein.
Development of thyroid disease in patients with primary and secondary Sjögren's syndrome.
[Lupus disease with antinuclear antibodies of the nucleolar type. Apropos of a series of 13 cases].
Systemic lupus erythematosus in a colony of dogs.
The significance of CD5+ B cells in rheumatic diseases.
[Tumors of the nasal cavity in human immunodeficiency virus infection. A case of polyclonal lymphoid hyperplasia].
[Peripheral neuropathy in severe mixed cryoglobulinemia syndrome].
[Specific antibodies of soluble nuclear antigens in autoimmune vasculitis].
Congenital ichthyosis with alopecia, eclabion, ectropion and mental retardation--a new genetic syndrome.
Relation between blink frequency and break-up time?
Monoclonal antibodies defining a minor and a private idiotope on human rheumatoid factors.
[Benign lympho-epithelial lesion (Blel) of the parotid. Godwin's tumor. A case with cystic ectasia and calcinosis].
Systemic lupus erythematosus: a review of clinico-laboratory features and immunogenetic markers in 150 patients with emphasis on demographic subsets.
Chronic progressive polyarthritis and other symptoms of collagen vascular disease induced by graft-vs-host reaction.
[Pulmonary lesions following bone marrow graft. Study of 35 cases].
[Histopathologic aspects of bone marrow in angioimmunoblastic lymphadenopathy].
[Reactive lymph-node hyperplasia and pseudolymphomas with hypergammaglobulinemia. II. Pseudolymphoma and prelymphoma].
Treatment of progressive systemic sclerosis with plasma exchange. Seven cases.
[Comparison of 4 methods (immunofluorescence of antinuclear antibodies, indirect hemagglutination, immunodiffusion, counterimmunoelectrophoresis) for the differentiation and identification of nuclear antigen].
Patterned anomalies of the retinal pigment epithelium: dystrophy or syndrome?
[Late recurrence of Horton's disease with sicca syndrome].
[Rheumatoid polyarthritis with Gougerot-Sjögren's syndrome, pulmonary pseudolymphoma and digestive lymphoma. Apropos of a case].
Primary pulmonary malignant lymphoma, clinical and pathological findings, immunocytochemical and ultrastructural studies in 15 cases.
Insulin-receptor autoantibody detected by the human placental membrane method: six patients with insulin-receptor autoantibody in japan.
[Clinical picture, diagnosis and therapy of xerostomia--attempt of a survey under pathophysiological aspects (author's transl)].
[Parotid calcinosis of the pseudo-tumoral type (author's transl)].
[Bilateral parotid enlargement from malignant lymphoma (author's transl)].
[Macroreticular and butterfly shaped dystrophies of the retinal pigment epithelium (author's transl)].
[Buccal lupus lesions (author's transl)].
[Endocrine function of the salivary glands].
[Pulmonary-mediastinal sarcoidosis presenting as parotiditis. A report on two cases (author's transl)].
[Ultrastructure of neuronal ceroid-lipofuscinoses].
Ultrastructural investigations of peripheral nerves in neuronal ceroid-lipofuscinoses (NCL).
[Considerations regarding the influence of intrauterine and early postnatal diseases and nutritional deficiencies on immunity and disease epidemiology (author's transl)].
Isoelectric enzyme patterns of leukocyte peroxidase in normal controls and patients with neuronal ceroid-lipofuscinoses.
Glomerular lesions in Hodgkin disease.
Lunar gravity: the first farside map.
Benign lymphoepithelial lesions of the salivary glands.
Arachnodactyly, aminoaciduria, congenital cataracts, cerebellar ataxia, and delayed developmental milestones.
[Articular manifestations of cryoglobulinemias].
Genetic classification of ichthyosis.
Severe Smith-Lemli-Opitz syndrome with prolonged survival and lipid abnormalities.
Monozygotic twin patients with congenital ichthyosis, microcephalus, spastic quadriplegia, myoclonus, and EEG abnormalities.
HTLV-I-associated myelopathy: analysis of 213 patients based on clinical features and laboratory findings.
Batten disease gene, CLN3: linkage disequilibrium mapping in the Finnish population, and analysis of European haplotypes.
[Chronic cough in pediatrics].
Elevated serum CA125 in progressive systemic sclerosis with pleural effusion.
Mast cell numbers in multiple dermatofibromas.
T cell abnormalities in mixed connective tissue disease complicated with Klinefelter's syndrome.
[Surgical treatment of pulmonary aspergillosis].
[Significance of rimmed vacuoles in neuromuscular disorders--a comparative immunohistochemical study of inclusion body myositis and distal myopathy with rimmed vacuole formation].
[Conventional roentgen diagnosis of the salivary glands. Still of clinical value or "traditional care"-].
[Three cases of Castleman's disease mimicking the features of collagen disease].
Soluble Fc epsilon RII/CD23 in patients with autoimmune diseases and Epstein-Barr virus-related disorders: analysis by ELISA for soluble Fc epsilon RII/CD23.
A de novo deletion in the C1 inhibitor gene in a case of sporadic hereditary angioneurotic edema.
Hereditary motor and sensory neuropathy. Clinical, genetic and electrodiagnostic studies.
[Local use of cyclosporin in nonbacterial corneal ulceration].
[Usefulness of DLco for the early diagnosis of pulmonary involvement in collagen diseases].
[Early-stage polyarthritis].
[Polyarthritis in the elderly].
[The hepatitis B virus as a probable etiological factor in Sjögren's disease].
[Primitive Sjögren's syndrome in France and Ecuador. Possible involvement od HTLV 1].
[Rheumatoid arthritis in Morocco. Apropos of 404 observations].
[Congenital cataract associated with mental retardation and epilepsy].
Antimitochondrial antibodies in patients with chronic graft-versus-host disease.
Mitochondrial diseases and myopathies: a series of muscle biopsy specimens with ultrastructural changes in the mitochondria.
Human T-cell lymphotropic virus (HTLV)-related endogenous sequence, HRES-1, encodes a 28-kDa protein: a possible autoantigen for HTLV-I gag-reactive autoantibodies.
Metabolic pigmentary retinopathies: diagnosis and therapeutic attempts.
[Anti-polynuclear neutrophil cytoplasmic antibodies of the perinuclear type or p-ANCA].
[Sjögren's syndrome: therapeutic trends].
Urinary kallikrein excretion in chronic renal disease with respect to salt intake and renal reserve.
Lipids and neurological diseases.
Keratoconjunctivitis sicca.
Rheumatoid arthritis in identical twins: a clinical and immunogenetic study of eight concordant pairs derived from a nationwide twin panel.
[Systemic lupus erythematosus and AIDS. Difficulties in the differential diagnosis].
[Study of high-resolution thoracic computerized tomography and bronchoalveolar lavage in 36 patients presenting with systemic disease and a normal thoracic radiography].
Ichthyosis, mental retardation, and asymptomatic spasticity. A new neurocutaneous syndrome with normal fatty alcohol:NAD+ oxidoreductase activity.
[Submandibular swelling and its differential diagnosis].
[Latent alveolitis in systemic disease. The transition between the normal and the pathological].
A diffuse infiltrative CD8 lymphocytosis syndrome in human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection: a host immune response associated with HLA-DR5.
Exocrinopathy resembling Sjögren's syndrome in HTLV-1 tax transgenic mice.
Autoantibody analysis in chronic graft-versus-host disease.
[Cerebellar ataxia of early onset: clinical symptoms and MRI findings].
[Vasculitis associated with connectivitis].
[Value of anti-Ro antibodies in 2 cases of Sjögren's disease with multisystem involvement].
[Clinical and x-ray characteristics of the periodontium in Sjögren's disease].
[Development of acute myelocytic leukemia in the course of Sjögren's syndrome].
HLA antigens in palindromic rheumatism. An Italian study.
[Congenital neuroichthyosis and psychiatric involvement. Apropos of a case].
