the first human study using these compounds and capsaicin, was performed to determine the required local antagonist concentrations needed for target engagement (proof of mechanism, pom) (sjogren et\\xa0al., 2018).
mean fluorescein tear breakup time was 4.51 \u00b1 2.89s in the primary sjogren syndrome group and 10.20 \u00b1 2.39 s in the control group.
mean schirmer i test result was 3.51 \u00b1 3.18 mm/5 min in the primary sjogren syndrome group and 9.77\u00b12.30 mm/5 min in the control group.
mean ocular surface disease index score was 18.56 \u00b1 16.09 in the primary sjogren syndrome group, and 19.92 \u00b1 7.16 in the control group.
mean osmolarity was 306.48 \u00b1 19.35 in the primary sjogren syndrome group, and 292.54 \u00b1 10.67 in the control group.
mean lissamine green staining score was 2.17 \u00b1 2.76 in the primary sjogren syndrome group, and 0.00 in the control group.
statistically significant differences were found berween the primary sjogren syndrome group and control group in terms of fluorescein tear breakup time, schirmer's test, lissamine green staining, and osmolarity tests (p=0.036, p=0.041, p=0.001, and p=0.001 respectively).
the dry eye workshop score was 2.15 \u00b1 0.98, the eular sjogren's syndrome disease activity index score was 11.18 \u00b1 4.05, and the eular sjogren's syndrome patient-reported index score was 5.20\u00b12.63.
floor of mouth ranulas have not been described in sjogren syndrome.
systematic review of the literature revealed no reports of ranula in association with sjogren syndrome.
while recurrent parotitis is the most common presentation in children, other salivary gland and extra-salivary manifestations may be seen, and the clinician must maintain a high index of suspicion for underlying sjogren syndrome.
recently, sjogren syndrome combined with localized nodular al amyloidosis has been noted.
here, we report sjogren syndrome cases showing multifocal nodular al amyloidosis and the followed benign course.
<b>materials and methods:</b> we investigated the clinical pictures and histopathological findings of three cases with both presence of sjogren syndrome and localized nodular al amyloidosis, paying a special attention to the distribution of amyloidoma.
in two of three cases localized deposits of al amyloid preceded sjogren syndrome.
<b>conclusion:</b> sjogren syndrome-related plasma cell disorder may be responsible for the formation of this unique multifocal nodular al amyloidosis.'"
ultimately, whole-exome sequencing revealed a heterozygous compound mutation in the aldh3a2 gene that corresponds to sjogren-larsson syndrome: an exon 9 deletion (1291-1292delaa) from the mother and an exon 5 splicing mutation (798\\u2009+\\u20091delg) from the father.
this report summarizes the clinical, radiologic, and electrophysiological findings observed over a decade concurrent with neurological deterioration after the onset of dystonia and tremor at the age of developmental ceiling in sjogren-larsson syndrome.
neurological deterioration may be a presentation that is unnoticed in sjogren-larsson syndrome due to the rarity of the disease.
this report highlights a unique clinical feature of sjogren-larsson syndrome with progressive neurodegeneration associated with dystonia and tremor.
the role of plasma cells in sjogren syndrome is unexplored and deserves further study.
patients with primary sjogren syndrome were classified as early or advanced stage by labial gland biopsies.
with cutoff values of 2.15 and 2.10 m/s to separate patients with early-stage primary sjogren syndrome from those without sjogren syndrome and healthy controls, the sensitivity and specificity were 77.1% and 85.4% and 79.2% and 83.9%, respectively.
for parotid glands, the swv values were 2.78 \u00b1 0.82 m/s in patients with early-stage primary sjogren syndrome, 1.93 \u00b1 0.33 m/s, in patients without primary sjogren syndrome, and 1.85 \u00b1 0.31 m/s in healthy controls (p < .001).
with cutoff values of 2.18 and 2.10 m/s to separate patients with early-stage primary sjogren syndrome from those without sjogren syndrome and healthy controls, the sensitivity and specificity were 89.3 % and 75.3% and 91.4% and 80.0%.
"'sjogren-larsson syndrome is characterized by congenital ichthyosis, mental retardation and spastic diplegia or quadriplegia.
this case report describes the diagnosis of a clinical syndrome with symptoms of sjogren-larsson syndrome by the quantification of the enzymatic activity in a culture of fibroblasts.
also, taking into account the genealogy of the patient, the study was conducted in the parents and a brother with signs suggestive of sjogren-larsson syndrome.'"
"'the objective of this study is to review the ocular surface changes and complications of patients with sjogren syndrome and assess their visual impact.
a retrospective, cross-sectional, observational, and descriptive study of patients with sjogren syndrome diagnosed according to the american-european consensus group criteria was designed.
ocular surface alterations related to severe dry eye and complications from sjogren syndrome may have a significant impact on visual acuity.
secondary sjogren syndrome to rheumatoid arthritis had the worse dry eye prognosis, visual outcome, and ocular complications.'"
sjogren-larsson syndrome is a rare, neurometabolic disorder caused by a fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase deficiency.
"\"sjogren syndrome is a systemic autoimmune disease that principally affects women between the fourth and sixth decades of life who present with sicca symptomatology caused by dryness of the main mucosal surfaces.
the clinical spectrum of sjogren syndrome extends from dryness to systemic involvement.
since 1978, sjogren syndrome has been closely associated with an enhanced risk of lymphoma, one of the most severe complications a patient may develop.
primary sjogren syndrome patients have a 10-44-fold greater risk of lymphoma than healthy individuals, higher than that reported for systemic lupus erythematosus and rheumatoid arthritis.
the close link between lymphoma and sjogren syndrome is clearly exemplified by the very specific type of lymphoma arising in sjogren syndrome patients, mainly low-grade b-cell lymphomas (predominantly a marginal zone histological type) with primary extranodal involvement of the major salivary glands (overwhelmingly parotid), with a primordial role of cryoglobulinemic-related markers (both clinical and immunological).
a close follow-up of high-risk groups with longitudinal assessments of all known risk factors, including cryoglobulin-related markers and eular sjogren's syndrome disease activity index measurement in particular, is mandatory.\""
the current treatment of spasticity in patients with sjogren-larsson syndrome is largely symptomatic, given that no effective causal therapy treatments are available.
we report the outcome of 2 patients with sjogren-larsson syndrome who had pump implantation for intrathecal baclofen.
our report shows that intrathecal baclofen therapy can have a positive therapeutic effect on spasticity in patients with sjogren-larsson syndrome, and therefore may be a promising addition to current treatments.'"
primary sjogren syndrome sfn did not evolve through large fiber neuropathy.
"'lymphoepithelial salivary gland cysts are rarely seen in autoimmune diseases particularly sjogren syndrome as well as in hiv for which medical management is advocated.
antiretroviral therapy for hiv-patients and anti-inflammatory drugs for sjogren syndrome.
of the other three cases of sjogren syndrome, two were primary and one, secondary to rheumatoid arthritis.
lymphoepithelial cysts of primary or secondary sjogren syndrome may be repressed sufficiently by anti-inflammatory/immunosuppressant treatment.'"
"'the sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) is a rare autosomal recessive disorder caused by pathogenic variants in the aldh3a2 gene, which codes for fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase (faldh).
the aim of our study was to compare the clinical and laboratory data of primary and secondary sjogren syndrome cases with a lymphocyte score 3 and 4 in the minor salivary gland biopsy.
clinical and autoantibody characteristics of 367 cases with lymphocyte score 3 or 4 and diagnosed with primary or secondary sjogren syndrome were compared.
anti-ro test results were also found to be statistically significantly higher in secondary sjogren syndrome patients with lymphocyte score 4 (p= 0.048).
lymphocyte score 3 and 4 cases were found to have similar clinical findings but a difference regarding antibody positivity in primary sjogren syndrome.
we believe that cases with lymphocyte score 4 may be sjogren syndrome cases whose clinical manifestations are relatively established and higher autoantibody levels are therefore found.
we aimed to evaluate postoperative complications in patients with sjogren syndrome undergoing noncardiac surgery.
specifically, we tested the primary hypothesis that patients with sjogren syndrome have a greater risk of postoperative cardiovascular complications than those without the disease.
our secondary hypotheses were that patients with sjogren syndrome are at greater risk of thromboembolic complications, microcirculatory complications, and mortality.
sjogren syndrome was identified by the present-on-admission diagnosis code 710.2.
each sjogren n syndrome discharge was propensity matched to 4 control discharges.
a generalized linear model was used to compare matched sjogren syndrome patients and controls on risk of in-hospital cardiovascular complications, thromboembolic complications, microcirculatory complications, and mortality.
sixty-six (1.45%) of the matched discharges with sjogren syndrome and 213 (1.17%) of the matched controls had associated in-hospital cardiovascular complications.
"'sjogren syndrome is uncommon in children and occurs most often in association with autoimmune diseases (secondary sjogren syndrome).
we describe the clinical and biological features of a 7-year-old girl with primary sjogren syndrome revealed by recurrent parotiditis.
laboratory investigations and labial salivary gland biopsy revealed sjogren syndrome without associated disease.
the onset of parotid swelling at 5 years or over deserves screening for disimmune disorders, sarcoidosis, or sjogren syndrome.
diagnosis of sjogren syndrome is based on diagnostic criteria.
investigation of underlying causes revealed a positive antinuclear antibody (ana), elevated rheumatoid factor, and high anti-ro/ssa titre which directed us toward a unifying diagnosis of sjogren syndrome.
we also review the literature on the aberrancies seen in h<sup>+</sup>atpase, band 3, pendrin, and carbonic anhydrase that may underlie the pathogenesis of distal rta in sjogren syndrome.
"'mucosal-associated lymphoid tissue (malt) lymphoma is rare in the pediatric population, but primary sjogren syndrome is a well-established risk factor for this malignancy.
this report describes 2 cases of malt lymphoma in children with sjogren syndrome.
a 15-year-old girl developed malt lymphoma of the parotid gland as the presenting symptom of sjogren syndrome.
in the second case, a 15-year-old boy with known sjogren syndrome presenting mainly with arthritis was diagnosed with malt lymphoma, also of the parotid gland.
pediatric oncology specialists should be aware of the association of malt lymphoma with sjogren syndrome and have a high index of suspicion for this malignant complication.'"
"'<b>purpose:</b> sjogren-larsson syndrome is a rare, autosomal, recessive neurocutaneous disorder caused by mutations in the <i>aldh3a2</i> gene, which encodes the fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase enzyme.
neither of the aldh3a2 alleles in the compound heterozygote patient were able to generate normal fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase, which were likely responsible for her phenotype of sjogren-larsson syndrome.<b>conclusion:</b> the compound heterozygous mutations found in the <i>aldh3a2</i> gene support the diagnosis of sjogren-larsson syndrome in the patient and expand the genotype spectrum of the gene.'"
"'assessment of ten egyptian patients with sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) detected; unusual clinical manifestations, a first report of brain atrophy in sls, some patients exhibited neither retinal dots nor white matter changes previously reported as essential manifestations.
sjogren-larsson syndrome is a rare autosomal recessive inborn error of lipid metabolism caused by mutations in the aldh3a2 gene that codes for fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase and result in a triad of ichthyosis, spasticity, and mental retardation.
sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) is one such disorder, which is caused by mutations in the fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase aldh3a2.
our findings provide important new insights into the molecular mechanisms responsible for neural pathogenesis caused by lipid metabolism abnormalities.-kanetake, t., sassa, t., nojiri, k., sawai, m., hattori, s., miyakawa, t., kitamura, t., kihara, a. neural symptoms in a gene knockout mouse model of sjogren-larsson syndrome are associated with a decrease in 2-hydroxygalactosylceramide.'"
"'the neurologic manifestations of primary sjogren syndrome are varied and can be divided anatomically into 2 categories: peripheral neuropathies and central nervous system (cns) conditions.
distal sensory and sensorimotor neuropathies are the most common manifestations of peripheral nerve disease in primary sjogren syndrome.
cns manifestations associated with primary sjogren syndrome include focal central lesions, conditions that mimic multiple sclerosis, encephalitis, aseptic meningitis, cerebellar syndromes, movement disorders, and problems with memory, cognition, and depression.
the heterogeneity of neurologic manifestations in primary sjogren syndrome complicates the approach to treatment, which should be directed toward the underlying neuropathologic mechanism.'"
"'interstitial lung diseases, especially lymphoproliferative disorders such as follicular bronchiolitis and lymphoid interstitial pneumonia, are commonly seen in association with sjogren syndrome.
the objective of this study was to define the clinical, radiological, and histopathological features of cyst-predominant lymphoid interstitial pneumonia/follicular bronchiolitis in patients with sjogren syndrome.
all four had a presumptive diagnosis of lymphangioleiomyomatosis but were subsequently found to have sjogren syndrome.
the diagnosis was established based on the clinical symptoms of xerostomia and xerophthalmia along with serologic detection of antinuclear antibodies, rheumatoid factor, anti-sjogren\\'s syndrome-related antigen a (ssa)/ro antibodies, and anti-sjogren\\'s syndrome-related antigen b (ssb)/la antibodies.
the cystic pattern associated with sjogren syndrome had a characteristic appearance on chest ct images.
clinicians should consider occult sjogren syndrome in the differential diagnosis of patients presenting with idiopathic diffuse cystic lung disease. '"
we performed a nationwide cohort study to explore the potential relation between dermatomyositis and sjogren syndrome and, if an association exists, to elucidate whether it varies by sex.
cox regression was used to calculate the hazard ratio (hr) and 95% confidence interval (ci) of sjogren syndrome after adjusting for age, sex, rheumatoid arthritis, systemic lupus erythematosus and systemic sclerosis.
there was a positive association of having sjogren syndrome among patients with dermatomyositis after adjusting for age, sex, rheumatoid arthritis, systemic lupus erythematosus and systemic sclerosis (hr 2.67, 95% ci 2.01-3.54).
"'sjogren syndrome is an autoimmune disease characterized by dry mouth and eyes, known as sicca symptoms.
the exact spectrum of neurological involvement, especially of the central nervous system, in childhood sjogren syndrome has not been well defined.
the histopathology results of a minor salivary biopsy, the presence of anti-ssa/ro antibody, and keratoconjunctivitis confirmed the diagnosis of sjogren syndrome.
commonly observed features in previously reported patients with childhood sjogren syndrome and central nervous system complications have included fever at the time of neurologic presentation, cerebrospinal fluid pleocytosis, abnormal neuroimaging, and positivity for several specific antibodies.
in children presenting with unknown acute febrile encephalopathy, sjogren syndrome should be included in the differential diagnosis, especially when sicca symptoms are present. '"
"'sjogren syndrome, characterised by, among other things, dry mouth, can be associated with an increased risk of caries and oral infections.
the level of oral care and oral health in a group of 50 patients with sjogren syndrome was assessed.
damage to the cervical area of the teeth was much more frequently seen in patients with sjogren syndrome than in the control group (p smaller 0,001).
moreover, patients with sjogren syndrome paid more attention to their oral care.
"'recurrent cerebral infarctions are extremely rare in patients with primary sjogren syndrome.
she was eventually diagnosed with primary sjogren syndrome based on a long history of dryness of the eyes and mouth, positive anti-ro(ssa) antibodies, and the findings of a labial salivary gland biopsy.
thus we consider primary sjogren syndrome patients with central nervous system involvement should be treated as soon as possible.'"
"'juvenile systemic lupus erythematosus (jsle), mixed connective tissue disease (jmctd), and sjogren syndrome (jss) are systemic autoimmune and inflammatory disorders with distinct patterns of organ involvement.
all are characterized by autoantibody formation, with antinuclear (ana) and anti-double-stranded dna common in jsle, ana with high-titer ribonucleoprotein antibody in jmctd, and sjogren syndrome a and sjogren syndrome b antibodies + ana in jss.
most patients (n\\xa0=\\xa028, 93%) presented with many annular erythematous patches and plaques with mild pruritus; 22 (73%) had the ss-a antibody and 17 (57%) met the diagnostic criteria of sjogren syndrome.
among these patients, 11 had primary and six had secondary sjogren syndrome associated with systemic lupus erythematosus.
"'marinesco-sjogren syndrome is a rare autosomal recessive multisystem disorder featuring cerebellar ataxia, early-onset cataracts, chronic myopathy, variable intellectual disability and delayed motor development.
more recently, mutations in the sil1 gene, which encodes an endoplasmic reticulum resident co-chaperone, were identified as the main cause of marinesco-sjogren syndrome.
we obtained a mutation detection rate of 60% (15/25) among patients with the characteristic marinesco-sjogren syndrome triad (ataxia, cataracts, myopathy) whereas the detection rate in the group of patients with more variable phenotypic presentation was below 3% (1/37).
six patients with sil1 mutations had no intellectual disability, extending the known wide range of cognitive capabilities in marinesco-sjogren syndrome to include normal intelligence.
our data broaden the sil1 mutation spectrum and confirm that sil1 is the major marinesco-sjogren syndrome gene.
as cognitive impairment is not obligatory, patients without intellectual disability but a marinesco-sjogren syndrome-compatible phenotype should receive sil1 mutation analysis.
clinical practice guidelines for caries prevention in sjogren disease were developed to improve quality and consistency of care.
although common in adults, the prevalence and prognosis of childhood sjogren syndrome are unknown, in part due to lack of child-specific diagnostic and classification criteria.
this review discusses difficulties in diagnosing childhood sjogren syndrome and highlights recent findings in sjogren syndrome treatment and pathogenesis from studies in adults and animal models over the past 18 months.
the pathogenesis of sjogren syndrome is emerging, including roles of t and b lymphocytes, autoantibodies, interferons, and glandular epithelial cells.
specific recent notable findings in sjogren syndrome pathogenesis include identification of a type ii interferon signature in salivary glands of sjogren syndrome patients, characterization of salivary gland-infiltrating t-cell subsets, and characterization of antimuscarinic acetylcholine receptor type 3 autoantibodies.
studies in adults and animal models continue to elucidate new potential diagnostic and therapeutic targets, which may be relevant for childhood sjogren syndrome.
adoptive transfer of cd4\u207a t cells isolated from female germ-free mice into rag1ko mice transferred sjogren-like lacrimal keratoconjunctivitis.
these findings indicate that germ-free mice have a spontaneous lacrimal keratoconjunctivitis similar to that observed in sjogren syndrome patients and demonstrate that commensal bacteria function in maintaining immune homeostasis on the ocular surface.
thus, manipulation of intestinal commensal bacteria has the potential to become a novel therapeutic approach to treat sjogren syndrome.'"
"'sjogren syndrome is a chronic, systemic, and autoimmune disorder that targets exocrine glands by remarkable b cell hyperactivity.
on the other hand, sjogren syndrome could present concomitantly with several rheumatologic diseases such as systemic lupus erythematosus or rheumatoid arthritis.
we describe the case of a nonsmoker 62-year-old woman with sjogren syndrome who presented concomitantly a pulmonary langerhans histiocytosis mimicking a pulmonary complication of its sjogren.
"'<i>purpose</i>: to compare meibomian gland (mg) imaging findings and lipid layer thickness (llt) between patients with primary sjogren syndrome (ss) dry eyes (de) and non-ss de.<i>methods</i>: a total of 60 patients-30 with ss de and 30 with non-ss de were evaluated.
sjogren syndrome is an autoimmune disease with a high prevalence of anti-ss-a (anti-ro) and anti-ss-b (anti-la) antibodies.
data on pregnancy outcomes in primary sjogren syndrome are scarce.
thermal pulsation is a therapeutic option for patients with sjogren disease who have mgd and dry eye symptoms.
"\"<b>objective:</b> sjogren's syndrome is a heterogeneous inflammatory disorder frequently involving peripheral nerves with a wide spectrum of sensory modalities and distribution patterns.
the objective of this cross-sectional study was to determine characteristics of sjogren's syndrome as a cause for severe neuropathy with limb weakness.
<b>methods:</b> one hundred and eighty four patients with polyneuropathy associated with limb weakness underwent routine diagnostics including investigations for sjogren's syndrome.
forty-four patients with sjogren's syndrome (acr-eular classification criteria) and severe neuropathy were identified.
<b>results:</b> sjogren's syndrome was found at a median age of 63 years and the gender distribution showed a balanced female-male ratio of 1:1.
anti-ssa(ro) antibodies were detected in 48% while seronegative patients were diagnosed with sjogren's syndrome based on sialadenitis on minor salivary gland biopsy with a focus score \u22651.
the majority of patients (93%) were diagnosed with sjogren's syndrome after neurological symptoms appeared.
sensory function was not affected in 11% of patients indicating that sjogren's syndrome associated neuropathy can present as a pure motor syndrome.
more than half of our patients fulfilled the european federation of neurological societies (efns) diagnostic criteria for cidp indicating that distinction between neuro-sjogren and other causes of neuropathy such as cidp is challenging.
<b>interpretation:</b> our findings show that severe neuropathy with limb weakness is often associated with sjogren's syndrome.
"'sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) is caused by an autosomal recessive mutation in aldh3a2, which encodes the fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase responsible for the metabolism of long-chain aliphatic aldehydes and alcohols.
"\"our aim was to differentiate igg4-related sialadenitis, primary sjogren syndrome, and chronic obstructive submandibular sialadenitis by analysing clinical, radiographic, and pathological features.
the male:female ratio for igg4-related sialadenitis was 1:1.2 for primary sjogren syndrome 1:15.7, and for chronic obstructive submandibular sialadenitis1:0.92.
sialography showed enlargement of the gland, dilatation of the duct, and slightly decreased secretory function in igg4-related disease; obvious sialectasia and decreased secretory function in sjogren syndrome; and dilatation of wharton's duct and filling defects in obstructive sialadenitis.
indications for ems testing included de symptoms in combination with dry mouth symptoms, low tear production, corneal staining, or a sjogren disease-associated autoimmune disease.
"'immune cell-mediated destruction of salivary glands is a hallmark feature of sjogren syndrome.
here, we used an adoptive transfer model of sjogren syndrome to determine if female mice harbor a sex-specific defect in salivary-gland-protective regulatory t (treg) cells.
sjogren syndrome is the prototypical disease associated with dryness of the eyes and mouth and predominantly affects women in their perimenopausal and postmenopausal years.
in addition to topical treatment of the mucosal dryness, patients with sjogren syndrome may require treatment with systemic immunomodulatory and immunosuppressive agents to manage a variety of extraglandular manifestations.'"
"'primary sjogren syndrome (ps) is associated with autoantibodies such as rheumatoid factor (rf) and anti-nuclear antibodies such as anti-ro (ss-a) and/or la (ss-b).
primary sjogren syndrome and ra patients have distinct serological profiles when analysing rf and ro-specific antibodies.
the diagnosis of sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) was made, and confirmed by genetic analysis.
"'cd25 knock-out (cd25ko) mice spontaneously develop sjogren syndrome (ss)-like inflammation.
cd4<sup>+</sup> t cells isolated from female germ-free cd25ko mice adoptively transferred to naive immunodeficient rag1ko recipients caused more severe sjogren-like disease than cd4<sup>+</sup> t cells transferred from conventional cd25ko mice.
"'sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) is a rare neurocutaneous disorder characterized by congenital ichthyosis, spastic diplegia and intellectual disability.
the purpose of this study was to evaluate wm microstructural changes by use of dti-derived parameters in patients with primary sjogren syndrome.
increased mean diffusivity and radial diffusivity and decreased axial diffusivity were observed in most of the fiber tracts of the brain in patients with primary sjogren syndrome, compared with control subjects.
"'sjogren syndrome was chosen as a clinical model to study acinar salivary deficiencies in the development of laryngopharyngeal reflux (lpr).
the objective of this prospective cohort study was to compare salivary epidermal growth factor (egf) concentrations of patients with sjogren syndrome with and without lpr and gastroesophageal reflux disease (gerd) with normal controls.
lpr and gerd are highly prevalent in patients with sjogren syndrome.
unlike previous studies in which significant egf deficiencies were found in patients with reflux laryngitis and gerd, patients with sjogren syndrome seem to have reflux caused by a decrease in clearance capacity and not in specific salivary components.'"
of the 4 cases of thymic lymphoid hyperplasia associated with sjogren syndrome that have been reported, no case with a thymic lesion diagnosis that led to the diagnosis of sjogren syndrome has been reported.
we herein report a case of thymic lymphoid hyperplasia with multilocular thymic cysts, diagnosed before sjogren syndrome.
sjogren syndrome is an autoimmune disease that affects the exocrine glands, causing dry mouth and dry eye.
the aim of this study was to describe our experience in the treatment of chronic obstructive parotitis related to sjogren syndrome.
"'although the expansion of myeloid-derived suppressor cells (mdscs) has been reported in autoimmune disorders, it is largely unclear how mdscs contribute to the development of primary sjogren syndrome (pss).
in this study, we found significantly increased mdscs with gradually diminished suppressive capacity during disease development in mice with experimental sjogren syndrome (ess).
significantly increased serum gitrl levels were closely correlated with patients with higher sjogren syndrome disease activity index.
"'structural and metabolic abnormalities in the hippocampus have been associated with the pathophysiological mechanism of central nervous system involvement in primary sjogren syndrome (pss).
"'primary sjogren syndrome is an immune-mediated exocrinopathy characterized by lymphoplasmacytic infiltration of the salivary and lacrimal glands.
various systemic extraglandular disorders are associated with primary sjogren syndrome, and the thorax is commonly affected.
the pulmonary manifestations of primary sjogren syndrome may be categorized as airway abnormalities, interstitial pneumonias, and lymphoproliferative disorders; in each category, bronchiectasis or centrilobular nodules, nonspecific interstitial pneumonia, and lymphoid interstitial pneumonia are common.
in addition, thin-walled air cysts are characteristic of primary sjogren syndrome, irrespective of the main pulmonary manifestations.
often, primary sjogren syndrome is subclinical, but there are various underlying risks.
in addition to the various types of interstitial pneumonia and airway abnormalities, air cysts and mediastinal manifestations may help diagnose primary sjogren syndrome.'"
demographic factors, lifestyle behaviors, extraglandular manifestations, serologic tests, comorbidities, pharmacologic therapy, disease activity (per european league against rheumatism sjogren syndrome disease activity index), and disease damage (per sjogren syndrome disease damage index [ssddi]) were assessed.
differences in brain volume between patients with primary sjogren syndrome and controls were studied by application of voxel-based morphometry to a 3d t1-weighted sequence.
the numbers of wmhis 2 mm or larger and the number smaller than 2 mm were higher in patients with primary sjogren syndrome than in controls (\u2265 2 mm, p = 0.004; < 2 mm, p < 0.001).
no significant difference was observed in the number of wmhis in primary sjogren syndrome patients and that in systemic sclerosis patients.
after control for age, a positive relation was found between disease duration and total number of wmhis (p = 0.037) and number of wmhis 2 mm or larger (p = 0.023) in patients with primary sjogren syndrome.
in comparison with the controls, patients with primary sjogren syndrome had decreased gray matter volume in the cortex, deep gray matter, and cerebellum.
"'herein we report a case of sporadic inclusion-body myositis (sibm) occurring at an unusually young age in a patient with primary sjogren syndrome, and use the case to explore possible shared mechanisms for disease susceptibility.
"'sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) is an autoimmune disorder inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern.
"'sjogren larsson syndrome (sls) is a rare autosomal recessive inborn error of lipid metabolism due to mutations in the <i>aldh3a2</i> that result in a deficiency of fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase (faldh).
"'the aim of the study is to evaluate hearing function by extended high-frequency audiometry in primary sjogren syndrome (pss) and to correlate it with disease activity.
we claim that sensorineural hearing loss could be an associated symptom of primary sjogren syndrome and suggest further research to support this conclusion.'"
"'in the ductal epithelium adjacent to lymphoid infiltrates and in lymphocytes of salivary glands in patients with sjogren syndrome (ss), there is an increased expression of monokine induced by interferon (ifn)-\u03b3(mig) and chemokine (c-x-c motif) receptor 3 (cxcr)3, which therefore seems to participate in the ss pathogenesis.
the immune nature of this glandular response is very dependent on the sjogren syndrome model.
"'sjogren syndrome (ss) is a progressive autoimmune disease characterized by dryness, predominantly of the eyes and mouth, caused by chronic lymphocytic infiltration of the lacrimal and salivary glands.
"'three adult siblings with sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) demonstrated signs of late-stage sls maculopathy, including intraretinal crystals, atrophic changes, and lipofuscin deposition.
"'primary sjogren syndrome (pss) is a complex autoimmune disease mainly affecting salivary and lacrimal glands.
participants met at least 1 of 5 inclusion criteria for registry enrollment (including complaints of dry eyes or dry mouth, a previous diagnosis of sjogren syndrome (ss), abnormal serology (positive anti-sjogren syndrome antigen a and/or b [anti-ssa and/or anti-ssb]), or elevated antinuclear antibody and rheumatoid factor), bilateral parotid gland enlargement, or multiple dental caries).
univariate logistic regression was used to assess the association between depression and demographic characteristics, participant-reported health, phenotypic features of sjogren syndrome, and participant-reported symptoms.
non-obese diabetic (nod) mice spontaneously develop lacrimal and salivary gland autoimmunity and are a well-characterized model of sjogren syndrome.
this study aimed to determine if male-specific autoimmune dacryoadenitis in the nod mouse model of sjogren syndrome is the result of lacrimal gland-protective treg cell dysfunction.
an adoptive transfer model of sjogren syndrome was developed by transferring cells from the lacrimal gland-draining cervical lymph nodes of nod mice to lymphocyte-deficient nod-scid mice.
"'<b>purpose</b>: sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) is a rare genetic disorder characterized by a distinctive crystalline maculopathy, congenital ichthyosis, spasticity and intellectual disability.
"\"sjogren-larsson syndrome is an inherited disorder of lipid metabolism caused by mutations in the aldh3a2 gene that codes for fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase, which results in accumulation of fatty aldehydes and alcohols and is characterized by ichthyosis, intellectual disability, and spastic diplegia/quadriplegia.
these results indicate that variation in the neurologic phenotype of sjogren-larsson syndrome is not strictly determined by the aldh3a2 mutation or the biochemical defect as expressed in cultured fibroblasts, but by unidentified epigenetic/environmental factors, gene modifiers, or other mechanisms.
"'primary sjogren syndrome (sjs) is a systemic autoimmune disease that may affect 1 in 1000 people (overwhelmingly women) and that can be a serious disease with excess mortality due to severe organ-specific involvements and the development of b cell lymphoma; systemic involvement clearly marks the disease prognosis, and strongly suggests the need for closer follow-up and more robust therapeutic management.
"'sjogren-larsson syndrome is a recessively inherited disease caused by a deficiency of fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase with presenting features of congenital ichthyosis, spastic diplegia or tetraplegia, and mental retardation.
although there is no definitive cure for sjogren-larsson syndrome, most patients survive until adulthood and management involves therapies directed towards controlling specific problems.
we present a case of sjogren-larsson syndrome with classical clinical and mri features, including a few distinctly atypical characteristics in various attributes. '"
sjogren syndrome is the prototypic disease associated with dryness of the eyes and mouth and predominantly affects women in their perimenopausal and postmenopausal years.
in addition to topical treatment of the mucosal dryness, patients with sjogren syndrome may require treatment with systemic immunomodulatory and immunosuppressive agents to manage a variety of extraglandular manifestations.'"
"'<b>background and objective:</b> recessive mutations in the <i>sil1</i> gene cause marinesco-sjogren syndrome (mss), a rare neuropediatric disorder.
"'to determine the prevalence of pulmonary complications in primary sjogren syndrome (pss), and to identify the risk factors and the prognosis associated with pulmonary involvement in pss patients.a total of 1341 hospitalized patients (853 with pss and 488 with secondary sjogren syndrome [sss]) were retrospectively reviewed.
age, rf, and crp were independent predictors of ild after adjustment for confounders.lung involvement is a common and severe complication of sjogren syndrome.
"'sjogren syndrome (ss) or dry eye disease (ded) is one of the most complicated ocular surface diseases.
the questionnaires were administered by trained and calibrated dental doctors to 86 patients with sjogren\u00b4s syndrome.
"'<b>objective:</b> to explore the predictive factors for determining the therapeutic response and prognosis of severe thrombocytopenia (tp) in patients with primary sjogren syndrome(pss).
the aims of this study were to 1) determine the viability of quantitative fluorescence in situ hybridization of telomeres (telo-fish) for the assessment of telomere length in lacrimal gland in sjogren and non- sjogren syndrome patients; and 2) investigate the relationship between progenitor cell markers and telomere length in both groups.
among the samples from the non-sjogren syndrome group, immunostaining revealed that p63 was expressed in 1-3 acinar cells in each acinar unit and continuously in the basal layer of duct cells.
in contrast, in the sjogren syndrome group, p63 and nucleostemin showed a lower level of expression.
abcg2 was expressed in acinar cells in both sjogren and non-sjogren syndrome.
clinically, sjogren syndrome (ss) has a wide spectrum, varying from autoimmune exocrinopathy to systemic involvement.
after the examinations it was determined that the patient had developed type 1 rta (distal rta) due to primary sjogren syndrome.
"'sjogren syndrome (ss) is a systemic inflammatory and autoimmune disease characterized by systemic disorders of the exocrine glands, predominantly the salivary and lacrimal glands.
"'decreased corneal innervation is frequent in patients with sjogren syndrome (ss).
"'we are presenting the case of a 53-year-old woman with a history of sjogren syndrome and a secondary antiphospholipid syndrome admitted at the nephrology department for the evaluation of renal failure.
"'sjogren syndrome (ss) is an autoimmune connective tissue disorder (ctd) that principally affects the lacrimal and salivary glands.
"'sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) is a rare autosomal-recessive neurocutaneous disorder comprising a triad of ichthyosis, mental retardation, and spastic diplegia or quadriplegia.
this document summarizes data about sjogren syndrome.'"
"'we report the case of a 53-year-old woman with sjogren syndrome and cryoglobulinemia.
a biopsy diagnosis of sjogren syndrome-related cryoglobulinemic membranoproliferative glomerulonephritis and vasculitis was rendered.
although rare, sjogren syndrome is the most common cause of non-hepatitis c virus-related mixed cryoglobulinemia.
although the specific antigen involved is unknown, it is likely that the mixed cryoglobulinemia in sjogren syndrome is triggered by the long-term b-cell stimulation, resulting in clonal proliferation of b cells.
"'nonobese diabetic (nod) mice spontaneously develop lacrimal and salivary gland autoimmunity similar to human sjogren syndrome.
"'we have reported characteristic cutaneous manifestations of sjogren syndrome (ss) with special references to autoimmune anhidrosis or hypoidrosis and related mucocutaenous manifestations in addition to annular erythema or cutaneous vasculitis.
"'background the involvement of the central nervous system in primary sjogren syndrome (pss) remains controversial.
this study aimed at clarifying the role of hmgb1 in sjogren syndrome (ss)-triggered xerostomia.
the results showed that saliva production was decreased and anti-sjogren syndrome b (anti-ssb) level was increased in ss.
the search terms we used were \"sjogren-larsson syndrome\" and \"hypermelannosis\" or \"faldh\" (from 1985).
a diagnosis of sjogren syndrome was established as the cause of autonomic dysfunction in all.
"'many reports have mentioned the association between chronic periodontitis (cp) and primary sjogren syndrome (pss).
\u2022 tff was significantly elevated in sjogren syndrome patients compared with healthy controls.
we investigated the expression of tmevpg1 in patients with sjogren syndrome (ss) to determine its role in the pathogenesis of ss.
our data suggest that upregulation of lncrna tmevpg1 may be involved in the pathogenesis of sjogren syndrome. '"
the present study investigated the therapeutic effect of mice bone marrow (bm)-mscs on mice with relatively late stage of sjogren-like disease and the impact of bm-mscs on the microrna (mirna) expression profiles of splenic cd4+ t cells.
the results demonstrated that treatment with bm-mscs prevented a decline in the salivary flow rate and lymphocyte infiltration in the salivary glands of nod mice, indicating that msc-treatment had a therapeutic effect on nod mice with relatively late stage of sjogren-like disease.
this implies that the alteration in serum levels of cytokines/growth factors and mirna expression profiles of splenic cd4+ t cells may explain the therapeutic effect mscs have on sjogren's syndrome.\""
sjogren syndrome (sjs) can be affected by other systemic diseases.
"'sjogren syndrome is an autoimmune disorder characterized by lymphocytic infiltration of exocrine gland.
"'interstitial lung disease (ild) is a significant complication of sjogren syndrome (ss) associated with increased morbidity and mortality.
"'the aim of this study is to evaluate the hearing behavior of rheumatoid arthritis (ra) and primary sjogren syndrome (pss) patients and compare them with a healthy control group and with each other.
"'both sarcoidosis and primary sjogren syndrome (pss) are multisystem disorders of unknown etiology, which share certain clinical features, making the differential diagnosis a real challenge in clinical practice.
"'sjogren syndrome (ss) is characterized by dysfunction of the exocrine glands, particularly the salivary and lacrimal glands.
as primary sjogren syndrome itself is rare in pediatric population and its association with renal tubular acidosis is even rarer, we suggest considering sjogren syndrome as a differential diagnosis during the rta work-up is worth trying.'"
"'sjogren syndrome (ss) is a lymphocyte-mediated, infiltrative autoimmune disorder characterized by destruction of exocrine glands leading to secretory dysfunction.
"'marinesco-sjogren syndrome is an autosomal recessive, multiorgan disorder with cardinal features of cerebellar ataxia, congenital or early childhood cataracts, psychomotor retardation, myopathy, and short stature.
mutations in the sil1 gene on chromosome 5q31 were demonstrated to cause marinesco-sjogren syndrome.
we describe two turkish patients with clinical characteristics of marinesco-sjogren syndrome, but without mutations in sil1.
these two patients also manifested cerebral white matter involvement in cranial imaging, which was previously described in marinesco-sjogren syndrome.
marinesco-sjogren syndrome is genetically heterogeneous, and mutations of sil1 are often not evident.
consequently, we presume that new genes for marinesco-sjogren syndrome await discovery.
we discovered that androgens suppress the inflammation in, and enhance the function of, lacrimal glands in female mouse models (e.g., mrl/mpj-tnfrsf6lpr [mrl/lpr]) of sjogren syndrome.
"'a 49-year-old woman with primary sjogren syndrome initially developed pulmonary venous hypertension (pvh) due to heart failure with preserved ejection fraction.
"'sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) is a rare type of congenital ichthyosis with neurological problems and intellectual disability.
one of the families was originally diagnosed with marinesco-sjogren syndrome based on an autosomal recessive cerebellar ataxia with cataracts and mental retardation.
our findings highlight the phenotypic variability associated with gba2 mutations, and suggest that patients with marinesco-sjogren-like syndromes should be tested for mutations in this gene.
she had a medical history of sjogren syndrome, hypertension, and obesity.
she was treated with courses of hydroxychloroquine and mycophenolate mofetil for her sjogren syndrome and did not have a history of opportunistic pulmonary infections.
"'recurrent parotitis is a rare manifestation of sjogren syndrome.
a 65-year-old female patient with recurrent parotitis due to sjogren syndrome was referred to us, complaining of weekly bouts of inflammation.
botulinum toxin may be a safe and effective method of treating sjogren syndrome-associated recurrent parotitis.'"
to identify the association between autoimmune cytopenia and the clinical characteristics of pss, extraglandular manifestations were analyzed according to the european league against rheumatism sjogren's syndrome disease activity index (essdai) definition.
disease activity and damage were assessed by the european league against rheumatism sjogren syndrome disease activity and damage indexes.
"'the goal of this study was to evaluate the characteristics and the prevalence of histopathologic and immunohistochemical changes in vulvar biopsies, in women with primary sjogren syndrome (pss) and non-sjogren sicca syndrome (ns-ss).
"'neurologic complications are frequent and often morbid in systemic lupus erythematosus, sjogren syndrome, and rheumatoid arthritis.
although all are systemic inflammatory syndromes, each disease affects the nervous system distinctly, such as peripheral neuropathy in sjogren syndrome, cerebrovascular disease in lupus, and cervical spine subluxation in rheumatoid arthritis.
some neurologic complications share convergent pathophysiology across diseases, such as neuromyelitis optica spectrum disorders in both sjogren syndrome and lupus.
ill-defined cognitive complaints are especially common in lupus and sjogren syndrome.
"'sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) is a neurocutaneous disorder inherited in an autosomal recessive fashion.
"\"acquired gitelman's syndrome (gs) associated with sjogren syndrome (ss) is rare.
to evaluate subclinical carotid atherosclerosis in an elderly group of patients with primary sjogren syndrome compared with a control group matched for age, sex, ethnicity and cardiovascular risk factors, we enrolled 18 patients with primary sjogren syndrome (mean age 65 \u00b1 5.93 sd) and 18 mild ostheoarthritic patients (mean age 66 \u00b1 5.94 sd) from the outpatient department of rheumatology, university \\x93campus bio-medico, rome, italy, matched for age, sex, ethnicity and cardiovascular risk factors.
no significant difference was found between primary sjogren syndrome and control patients in imt, stiffness and haemodynamic parameters.
the lack of significant difference in subclinical atherosclerosis between elderly primary sjogren syndrome and control matched patients, indicates that traditional cardiovascular risk factors, immunologic alterations and chronic inflammation do not influence the progression of vascular damage in the carotid circulation of patients with median disease duration of 6.5 years.'"
"'sjogren-larsson syndrome is a genetic disease characterized by ichthyosis, mental retardation, spasticity and mutations in the aldh3a2 gene coding for fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase, an enzyme necessary for oxidation of fatty aldehydes and fatty alcohols.
we investigated the cutaneous abnormalities in 9 patients with sjogren-larsson syndrome to better understand how the enzymatic deficiency results in epidermal dysfunction.
these studies demonstrate the presence of a permeability barrier abnormality in sjogren-larsson syndrome, which localizes to the stratum corneum interstices and can be attributed to abnormalities in lamellar body formation and secretion.'"
we investigated the effect of hydroxychloroquine on cancer risk in patients with primary sjogren syndrome(pss).
the delay in diagnosis allows the establishment of a chronic inflammatory state, which makes primary sjogren syndrome an interesting model for the study of atherosclerosis.
clinical and laboratory features were recorded, as well as the european league against rheumatism sjogren's syndrome activity index calculation.
on the other side, sjogren syndrome (ss) is an autoimmune disease characterised by a progressive sicca syndrome associated with the dry eye symptoms, specific immunologic complex and/or significant infiltrate at minor salivary gland biopsy.
"'the etiology of purpura in sjogren syndrome (ss) includes cryoglobulinemia, hypergammaglobulinemia, and leukocytoclastic vasculitis (lcv).
few studies have investigated the role of vitamin d in patients with sjogren syndrome (ss).
"'sjogren syndrome (ss) is characterized by lymphocytic infiltration of exocrine glands, mainly the lacrimal and salivary glands, leading to keratoconjunctivitis sicca and xerostomia.
recessive mutations of the corresponding gene lead to vulnerability of skeletal muscle and central nervous system in man (marinesco-sjogren syndrome; mss) and mouse.
"\"sjogren syndrome (ss) is commonly known to be correlated with lymphoma.
"'the fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase (faldh) aldh3a2 is the causative gene of sjogren larsson syndrome (sls).
"\"this review article gives a state-of-the-art synopsis of current pathophysiological concepts in sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) mainly based upon original research data of the authors in one of the world's largest clinical sls study cohorts.
"'sjogren syndrome is a chronic autoimmune disorder with xerostomia, increased tooth wear, high rates of caries, and repeated failure of dental restorations as the main oral symptoms.
this clinical report describes a contemporary approach to the treatment of a patient with sjogren syndrome using translucent multilayered monolithic zirconia restorations and focuses on the treatment protocols before, during, and after the prosthetic treatment.'"
here we report five individuals from four families presenting with variable clinical features including muscular dystrophy with a reduction in dystroglycan glycosylation, short stature, intellectual disability, and cataracts, overlapping both the dystroglycanopathies and marinesco-sjogren syndrome.
among patients with pss, sst2 concentration was associated with thrombocytopenia (p = 0.029) and correlated with disease duration (p = 0.013) and the european league against rheumatism sjogren syndrome disease activity index (p = 0.042).
in this article, we report a case of an elderly female patient having the syndrome, meanwhile, also diagnosed with systemic lupus erythematosus, sjogren syndrome, and primary biliary cirrhosis.'"
"'central nervous system symptoms in patients with primary sjogren`s syndrome are rare.
due to a variety of presentations, sjogren`s syndrome with neurologic involvement may be difficult to diagnose.
here, we report a case of a 75-year-old woman who was first diagnosed with multiple sclerosis in 2010, but who was subsequently diagnosed with primary sjogren`s syndrome 2 years later after showing signs of atypical neurologic manifestations.
therefore, primary sjogren`s syndrome should be suspected in patients who present with atypical clinical and radiologic neurologic manifestations. '"
"'this report will explain an unusual presentation of brachial plexopathy associated with manifestation of sjogrens and will emphasize that sjogrens may also present initially with neurological involvement only.'"
"'primary sjogren syndrome,characterized by autoimmune epithelitis,is a prevalent systemic autoimmune disease involving multiple organs,among which kidney is a major target organ.tubulointerstitial lesion is the most frequent form,involving proximal tubule,distal tubule,or collecting duct.the disease has an occult onset and may progressively develop into renal function impairment and end-stage renal disease,which can be accompanied with low-molecular-weight proteinuria,renal tubule acidosis and electrolyte disturbance.pathologically,it is featured by lymphocyte infiltration,renal tubule atrophy,and interstitial fibrosis.glomerular lesion is less common and usually takes the form of membranoproliferative glomerulitis.glucocorticoid combined with immunosuppresant is the main treatment option,and b cell-targeted therapy has been reported.most patients respond well to these treatments.in this article we review the prevalence,clinicopathological features,and treatment of renal disease in primary sjogren syndrome.'"
"'we herein report the case of a 64-year old woman with recurrent attacks of hypokalemic quadriparesis which resulted from distal renal tubular acidosis (drta) secondary to sjogren syndrome.
further investigations disclosed primary sjogren syndrome, which had not previously been recognized.
on the basis of the current report and a review of the literature we suggest investigating the possibility of sjogren syndrome in all patients with clinically unexplained drta. '"
taken altogether, she was diagnosed as sjogren syndrome with bronchiolitis and pulmonary amyloidosis.
here, we report a rare case of sjogren syndrome complicated with cystic lung disease and pulmonary amyloidosis.'"
"'sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) is a rare autosomal recessive disorder characterized by ichthyosis, spasticity and intellectual disability.
"'we report a case of glomerulopathy in a 36-year-old japanese woman with primary sjogren syndrome (pss).
"'a woman with sjogren syndrome manifesting as aphasia with a left deep cerebral white matter lesion tested positive for anti-aquaporin 4 (aqp4) antibody.
these results suggested neuromyelitis optica spectrum disorder (nmosd) pathology rather than sjogren-related vasculitis.
"'parotid non-hodgkin lymphoma (nhl) in primary sjogren syndrome (pss) has no specific biomarker for diagnosis.
"\"dry eye and dry mouth are typical clinical symptoms of primary sjogren's syndrome (pss), yet not considered in the assessment of severity and predictors in china.
a series of questionnaires were applied: ocular surface disease index (osdi), eular sjogren's syndrome patient reported index (esspri)-dry mouth items, fatigue severity scale (fss), the 10\\xa0cm visual analog scale (vas).
the aim of this study was to assess the implications of gas6 in sjogren syndrome (ss) and its expression in the labial salivary gland.
"\"marinesco-sjogren syndrome (mss) is a rare autosomal recessive disorder, which is characterized by congenital cataracts, cerebellar ataxia, progressive muscle weakness, and delayed psychomotor development.
"'sjogren syndrome (ss) comprises glandular and extraglandular manifestations.
"'salivary gland biopsy is a technique broadly applied for the diagnosis of sjogren syndrome (ss), lymphoma in ss, and connective tissue disorders (sarcoidosis, amyloidosis).
polyautoimmunity is a frequent condition in sjogren syndrome (ss) and follows a grouping pattern.
"'the genes associated with sjogren syndrome (ss) can be assigned to the nf-kb pathway, the ifn signaling pathway, lymphocyte signaling, and antigen presentation.
although primary sjogren syndrome is typically considered a disease of middle-aged women, it may be underdiagnosed and consequentially more severe in men.
"'sjogren-larsson syndrome is an autosomal recessive neurocutaneous disease caused by mutations in the aldh3a2 gene for fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase, a microsomal enzyme that catalyzes the oxidation of medium- and long-chain aliphatic aldehydes fatty acids.
we studied three turkish sjogren-larsson syndrome patients with ichthyosis, developmental delay, spastic diplegia, and brain white matter disease.
these results add to the understanding of the genetic basis of sjogren-larsson syndrome and will be useful for dna diagnosis of this disease.'"
"'sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) is a rare autosomal recessive disorder characterized by ichthyosis, spastic di- or tetraplegia and mental retardation due a defect of the fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase (faldh), related to mutations in the aldh3a2 gene.
in this study, we screened a french cohort of patients with sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) for mutations in the aldh3a2 gene.
"\"sjogren syndrome/scleroderma autoantigen 1 (sssca1) was first described as an auto-antigen over-expressed in sjogren's syndrome and in scleroderma patients.
however, the concurrence of pbc and sjogren syndrome (ss) with the subsequent onset of autoimmune hemolytic anemia (aiha) is extremely rare.
"'sjogren syndrome (ss) is an autoimmune disease that affects the exocrine glands, mainly salivary and lacrimal glands [...].'"
rhinomanometry, nasal clearance determination or smell discrimination tests have very little value in the diagnosis or management of primary sjogren`s syndrome.
nasal glandular involvement is mild and insignificant in primary sjogren`s syndrome.
herein, the detailed relationship between autoimmune disease and tfh cells was analyzed using a murine model for sjogren syndrome (ss) wherein the mice underwent neonatal thymectomy.
"'sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) is a rare autosomal recessive neurocutaneous disorder with worldwide incidence of 0.4 per 100,000 people.
the apache (acute physiology, age, and chronic health evaluation) score was 10 (interquartile range [iqr], 7-16), the sofa (sequential organ failure assessment) score was 2 (iqr, 0-14), and the eular sjogren's syndrome disease activity index (essdai) score was 0 (iqr, 0-12) with higher values in the nonsurvivor group.
"'sjogren syndrome is an autoimmune disease characterized by targeted destruction of the lacrimal and salivary glands resulting in symptoms of severe ocular and oral dryness.
in patients and in the nonobese diabetic (nod) mouse model of sjogren syndrome, lymphocytic infiltrates consist of cd4 and cd8 t cells, although the role of cd8 t cells in disease pathogenesis has been largely unexplored.
"'autoimmune diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis (ra) and sjogren syndrome (ss) ameliorate during pregnancy, through dampening (immunotolerance) of the maternal immune system which protects the fetus from rejection.
"'sjogren-larsson syndrome is an autosomal-recessive hereditary disorder involving congenital ichthyosis, mental retardation, and spastic diplegia or tetraplegia.
in this report, the authors describe 2 siblings with sjogren-larsson syndrome.
the authors report the large kinship with sjogren-larsson syndrome, which is a rare and most probably underdiagnosed syndrome.'"
"'autoimmune rheumatic diseases, such as sjogren syndrome (ss) and rheumatoid arthritis (ra), are characterized by chronic inflammation and autoimmunity, which cause joint tissue damage and destruction by triggering reduced mobility and debilitation in patients with these diseases.
loss of sil1 function causes marinesco-sjogren syndrome (mss), a rare multisystem disease of early infancy for which there is no cure.
"\"primary sjogren syndrome (pss) is usually a mild disease, but serious complications such as non-hodgkin lymphoma-and hypothetically other malignancies-may develop.
sjogren syndrome, an autoimmune lymphoproliferative disorder, is characterized by keratoconjunctivitis sicca and xerostomia with lymphocytic infiltration of exocrine glands.
as shown in case reports, the association of lcna with sjogren syndrome is considerable.
herein, we report a 78-year-old woman with lcna, who was further surveyed and diagnosed with sjogren syndrome.
in light of the significant relation between these 2 diseases, further examination for coexistence of sjogren syndrome in addition to systemic amyloidosis is well warranted.
prompt identification of an underlying sjogren syndrome in lcna with polyclonal immunoglobulin amyloid may have important therapeutic consequences.'"
"'sjogren-larsson syndrome is an autosomal recessive disorder characterized by defective activity of fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase.
"'primary sjogren syndrome (pss) is a systemic autoimmune disease characterized by lymphocytic infiltration of the salivary and tear glands, and autoantibody secretion, in the absence of other systemic autoimmune disorder.
this retrospective study evaluates the prevalence, clinical patterns and outcomes of cns involvement in a cohort of patients with primary sjogren syndrome.
neurological involvement preceded sjogren syndrome diagnosis in nine of the patients (64 %), and neurological outcome was good in 11 patients (78.6 %).
"\"previous studies revealed high incidence of acquired n-glycosylation sites acquired n-glycosylation sites in rna transcripts encoding immunoglobulin heavy variable region (ighv) 3 genes from parotid glands of primary sjogren's syndrome (pss) patients.
a diagnosis of sjogren syndrome was suspected and confirmed by salivary gland scintigraphy, schirmer's test, and submaxillary gland biopsy.
we report a case of sjogren syndrome associated with central and peripheral nervous system involvement, without <i>sicca</i> symptoms preceding the neurological clinical picture.
"'sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) is an autosomal recessive disease characterized by a triad of congenital ichthyosis, spastic quadriplegia and mental retardation.
"'primitive gougerot-sjogren syndrome (pgss) is a systemic autoimmune exocrinopathy in which twenty percent of affected patients develop neurological manifestations.
"\"to determine the incidence and risk of parkinson disease (pd) in patients with sjogren syndrome (ss) according to a nationwide population-based database.in total, 12,640 patients in the ss cohort and 50,560 in the non-ss cohort were enrolled from taiwan's national health insurance research database from 2000 to 2010.
flow mediated dilatation of the brachial artery was disrupted in the primary sjogren syndrome group (7% vs 12%, p = 0.002).
"'we report 6 patients with an established diagnosis of primary sjogren syndrome who developed severe rheumatoid arthritis (ra) requiring oral disease-modifying antirheumatic drug with or without biologic therapy.
two thirds were seropositive for sjogren antibody, and 5 of 6 were either rheumatoid factor or anti-cyclic citrullinated peptide positive at the time of ra diagnosis.
primary sjogren patients may develop ra after a long course of stable sjogren.'"
"'sjogren-larsson syndrome is an autosomal-recessive disease caused by a deficiency of the microsomal fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase enzyme.
"'sjogren syndrome (ss) is an autoimmune disease with exocrine glands dysfunction and multiorgan involvement.
"'a 68-year-old female patient with sjogren syndrome was admitted with asthenia, anorexia and weight loss.
although seldom observed, the risk of lymphoma in sjogren syndrome is up to 44 times higher than the general population and rises 7 years after diagnosis.
there are some researches trying to find connection between h. pylori and sjogren syndrome (ss).
"\"mutations in the gene coding for membrane-bound fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase (faldh) lead to toxic accumulation of lipid species and development of the sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls), a rare disorder characterized by skin defects and mental retardation.
"'primary sjogren syndrome, which involves lesions in both the brain and spinal cord, is rarely reported.
a 73-year-old woman diagnosed with primary sjogren syndrome manifested with subacute encephalopathy and extensive transverse myelitis.
however, ttp secondary to sjogren syndrome (ss) is extremely rare.
"'sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) is a congenital ichthyotic disorder with spasticity.
in addition, we found no association of serum vitamin b(12) levels to neuropathy among these patients with sjogren syndrome.
"\"sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) is an autoimmune disease, uncommon in childhood.
the laboratory findings showed high inflammation markers, rheumatoid factor 128 iu, waaler-rose 256 iu, anti nuclear antibody (ana) 1/640, ssa (anti sjogren antigen a) and ssb (anti sjogren antigen b) positive and hypergammaglobulinemia.
the schirmer's test resulted to be pathologic, the ultrasonography images and biopsy of minor salivary glands revealed focal periductal lymphocytic infiltrate and sialoduct ectasia class iv of juvenile sjogren syndrome.
the juvenile sjogren syndrome is frequently under-diagnosed.
systemic lupus erythematosus, sjogren syndrome, and mixed connective tissue disease, although all unique diseases, can have lung manifestations as an important part of these conditions.
increased grp78 and sxbp1 expression was found in experimental dry eye and sjogren syndrome models and was gc specific.
increased grp78 was also found in the conjunctiva of patients with sjogren syndrome at the gene and protein levels.
we describe a case of rumpel-leede phenomenon in an otherwise healthy patient with positive laboratory markers for sjogren disease, a previously undescribed relationship.
we aim to inform physicians of this potential complication in patients with sjogren disease and suggest special consideration be given to patients with autoimmune diseases with secondary vascular or dermal manifestations. '"
"'sjogren syndrome (ss), a chronic autoimmune disorder causing dry mouth, adversely affects the overall oral health in patients.
"'the risk of malignant non-hodgkin lymphoma is increased in primary sjogren syndrome.
between october 1999 and november 2009, 109 adult patients were admitted to our department of internal medicine (non-university hospital, secondary level of the healthcare system, hospitalized patients and outpatient) with diagnosis of primary sjogren syndrome.
in this study, clinically identifiable parotid gland non-hodgkin lymphoma occurs in 1.8% of patients with primary sjogren syndrome.
because most non-hodgkin lymphoma initially involves the neck organs, meticulous imaging studies mainly focused on the cervical regions are recommended in the follow-up of patients with primary sjogren syndrome.
"'primary sjogren syndrome (ss) is an autoimmune disease mainly affecting the exocrine glands causing a sicca syndrome.
"'primary sjogren syndrome (pss) is an autoimmune disease associated with an increased risk of lymphoma.
"'we report a typical case of sjogren-larsson syndrome in a male patient, aged 20.
the sjogren-larsson syndrome is a neurocutaneous, autosomal recessive and disabling condition, characterized by congenital ichthyosis, spastic paraplegia and mental retardation.
"'marinesco-sjogren syndrome (mss) is a rare, early onset, autosomal recessive multisystem disorder characterized by cerebellar ataxia, cataracts and myopathy.
"'liver involvement was one of the first extraglandular manifestations to be reported in patients with primary sjogren syndrome (ss).
"'saliva secretion disorder is one of the most common symptoms in primary sjogren syndrome (pss).
we report here that yeast hfd1 and the\\xa0sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls)-causative mammalian gene aldh3a2 are responsible for conversion of\\xa0the s1p degradation product hexadecenal to hexadecenoic acid.
"'sjogren syndrome is among the most common autoimmune diseases affecting adults in the united states, and is frequently regarded as an immune-mediated exocrinopathy exclusively causing dry eyes and dry mouth.
the eclectic permutation of peripheral nervous system (pns) syndromes which occur in sjogren patients are among the most common and severe extraglandular complications.
sjogren patients can suffer from severe neuropathic pain, with small-fiber neuropathy causing lancinating or burning pain which can disproportionately affect the proximal torso or extremities, and the face (ie, in a \"non-length-dependent distribution\").
sjogren patients can suffer from debilitating fatigue, sicca symptoms, and autonomic findings; as such manifestations can be complications of various neuropathic agents, neurologists should understand how to minimize such iatrogenic complications.
therefore, this article will empower neurologists to more effectively collaborate with rheumatologists, in the diagnosis and treatment of sjogren patients with pns complications.'"
the diagnosis of sjogren syndrome was made on the basis of the classification criteria of the american-european consensus group.
subjective symptoms improved with anti-inflammatory treatment in 70% of patients with primary sjogren syndrome.
"'primary sjogren syndrome (pss) is a prototypical autoimmune disease.
to facilitate research and clinical practice, we tested the internal consistency and validity of the bcsi in patients with sjogren syndrome (ss).
pca associated with autoimmune hepatitis-primary biliary cirrhosis (aih-pbc) overlap syndrome and sjogren syndrome (ss) has not been previously reported in the literature.
"'sjogren syndrome (ss) is a systemic autoimmune disease with a wide clinical spectrum that extends from sicca symptoms of the mucosal surfaces to extra-glandular systemic manifestations.
he was diagnosed as having anca-related angitis and sjogren syndrome at age 60.
his sensory ataxia might be attributed to sjogren syndrome-associated ganglionopathy at the cervical level, and the mri findings might reflect centripetal wallerian degeneration in the cuneate fasciculus.
gracilis fasciculus are well-known as vulnerable regions in sjogren-associated myelopathy, whereas cervical myelopathy, limited to cuneate fascicules, can emerge as sjogren-associated disorders.'"
"'sjogren-larsson syndrome is a rare disease characterized by the occurrence of mental retardation, spastic diplegia and ichthyosis.
"\"sjogren's syndrome (ss) is a chronic, female overwhelming fundamental issue of an immune system rheumatic sickness that influences the whole body.
the motivation behind this manuscript is to give a concise survey on the molecular mechanism, effects of infectious agents and genetic factors in the etiology of sjogren's syndrome.
"'primary sjogren syndrome (pss) is an autoimmune disorder characterized by an epithelial injury surrounded by dense lymphocytic infiltrates.
"'sjogren\u00b4s syndrome is a systemic autoimmune disease characterized by a reduced function of exocrine glands, mainly salivary and lacrimal glands based on chronic plasmocellular infiltration.
i tis described separately as a primary sjogren\u00b4s syndrome or together with other inflammatory rheumatic diseases as a secondary sjogren\u00b4s syndrome.
treatment of patients reflects the form of sjogren\u00b4s syndrome.
"'autophagy is known to be implicated in the pathogenesis of sjogren syndrome (ss), but evidences are limited.
"'marinesco-sjogren syndrome (mss; mim 248800) is an autosomal recessive disorder characterized by congenital cerebellar ataxia, early cataracts, developmental delay, myopathy and short stature.
material and methods we enrolled 642 non-sjogren patients referred for examination to the ophthalmology or dental clinic of lublin region, poland.
"'we recently reported the presence of anti-aquaporin 5 (aqp5) immunoglobulin g (igg) in patients with primary sjogren syndrome (ss) with a sensitivity of 0.73 and a specificity of 0.68.
"'sjogren syndrome (sjs) is a systemic autoimmune disease that primarily affects the exocrine glands (mainly the salivary and lacrimal glands) and results in the severe dryness of mucosal surfaces, principally in the mouth and eyes.
"'the aim of this case-control study is to evaluate the cerebral hemodynamic parameters in primary sjogren syndrome patients by means of transcranial doppler and the possible relationship with neuroimaging structural alteration, immunological markers and subclinical neurological involvement.
87 consecutive treatment-na\u00efve outpatients with primary sjogren syndrome and 86 age- and sex-matched healthy controls underwent transcranial doppler for bilateral measurement of mean flow velocities, pulsatility index and systolic-diastolic ratio, brain magnetic resonance imaging, clinical evaluation with neuropsychological test and serological assessment.
a subjective complaint of xerostomia in a patient treated with <sup>131</sup>i 75.8\\xa0mci proved to be related to the simultaneous presence of sjogren syndrome (ss).
"'sjogren syndrome is a systemic autoimmune disorder that affects the exocrine glands.
this represents a typical case of sjogren syndrome and illustrates the diagnostic value in these cases of salivary gland sonography, which is effective, noninvasive, and repeatable and provides accurate information on the vascularization status of the glands.'"
"\"primary sjogren's syndrome (pss) can be complicated by distal renal tubular acidosis (drta), which may contribute to low bone mineral density (bmd).
"'we report the case of a 48-year-old woman who presented with bilateral parotid gland enlargement as the initial manifestation of primary sjogren syndrome.
magnetic resonance imaging demonstrated multiple areas of low-intensity signal mixed with foci of high-intensity signal, a finding suggestive of sjogren syndrome.
autoimmune blood tests for sjogren syndrome were positive, and a sublabial biopsy confirmed the diagnosis.
we discuss the etiology of multicystic parotid gland pathology, its involvement in sjogren syndrome, and the risk of lymphoma.'"
we investigated the effect of hcq on the lipid profile of patients with sjogren syndrome (ss).
we assessed the effects of intestinal dysbiosis in a model of sjogren syndrome (ss) by subjecting mice to desiccating stress (ds) and antibiotics (abx).
"'painful salivary swelling in patients with sjogren syndrome presents the clinician with a difficult-to-manage condition, and treatment options are limited.
we report 2 cases that demonstrate the utility of a clinic-based intraductal corticosteroid infusion for the treatment of painful salivary swelling associated with sjogren syndrome.
"\"primary sjogren syndrome (pss)-related interstitial lung disease (ild) involved about 10-20% of patients.
ild was the main presenting symptom in 13/77 new diagnoses of pss patients; in particular, 6/13 patients were initially diagnosed as idiopathic ild, and only later developed clinical manifestations suggestive for pss; ild-pss patients were older than others and showed a higher eular primary sjogren's syndrome disease activity index.
here, we analyzed two <i>tnfaip3</i> polymorphisms in italian patients with systemic lupus erythematosus (sle), rheumatoid arthritis (ra), and primary sjogren's syndrome (pss), to verify if the genetic variability of <i>tnfaip3</i> gene is involved in genetic predisposition to aids also in the italian population.
"'sjogren syndrome is a chronic autoimmune disease witch affects mostly lachrymal and salivary glands.
the exocrinopathy can be encountered alone (primary sjogren syndrome) or in association with other autoimmune disorders (secondary sjogren syndrome).
visual prognosis of the patients with secondary sjogren syndrome depends on the early diagnosis, applied therapy follow-up controls along with an effective collaboration between ophthalmologist and rheumatologist.
we present therapeutic options in secondary sjogren syndrome: hygiene and protective measures, medical nonspecific substitution treatment, treatment to stimulate tear secretion, autoimmune disease-specific medical treatment and surgery.'"
"'primary sjogren syndrome (pss) is a chronic systemic autoimmune disease characterized by xerophthalmia, xerostomia, and potential peripheral or central neurological involvement.
"'although tendon pain is commonly reported in primary sjogren syndrome (pss), the underlying mechanism is unknown.
"'four patients with coexistence of sarcoidosis and primary sjogren syndrome (pss) were retrospectively analyzed.all patients were female, who were referred to our department mainly because of respiratory symptoms.positive antinuclear antibody(ana) was detected in 2 patients and anti-sjogrens syndrome a (ssa) antibody positive in 1 patient.all patients presented specific histologic patterns of both sarcoidosis and pss.publications related to coexistence of these two diseases were reviewed.forty-one patients were finally included in the analysis, among whom 37 confirmed patients were from literature search.there were 37 women and 4 men.the main clinical features presentation were xerophthalmia in 40, xerostomia in 38, hilaradenopathies in 28, interstitial lung disease in 15, respiratory symptoms in 13.the main immunologic data were positive ana in 23, ssa antibody in 19, anti-sjogrens syndrome b antibody in 10 and rheumatoid factor in 12.all patients presented specific histologic patterns of both diseases.patients with both sarcoidosis and pss of ten represent multisystemic involvement and positive immunologic parameters, as well as the dual expression of specific histologic characteristics.'"
"'an 84-year-old female patient with known sjogren syndrome underwent 18f-fdg pet/ct to detect recurrence of uterine cervix cancer.
sjogren syndrome is autoimmune disease that typically produces symptoms of dry mouth and eyes.
sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) is caused by defects in the microsomal fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase (faldh) leading to the accumulation of fatty alcohols and fatty aldehydes.
"\"sjogren syndrome is an autoimmune disease characterized by hyposecretion of the lacrimal and salivary glands, resulting in dryness of the eyes and mouth.
individuals may experience primary sjogren syndrome or a secondary form accompanying another rheumatic autoimmune disease, such as rheumatoid arthritis or systemic lupus erythematosus.
the pathogenic mechanisms of sjogren syndrome remain largely unknown, in part a consequence of the heterogeneity of the disease.
improved disease models will enable a better understanding of sjogren syndrome, including how immune tolerance is lost and potential therapeutic interventions.
this review aims to characterize available mice models of sjogren syndrome, including advantages and disadvantages, from the researcher's perspective.\""
furthermore, the autoimmune lesions in a murine model of sjogren syndrome were exacerbated by administration of an aromatase inhibitor.
these results suggest that aromatase may play a key role in the pathogenesis of sjogren syndrome-like lesions by controlling the target organ and adipose tissue-associated macrophage. '"
"'patients with sjogren-larsson syndrome, an autosomal recessive syndrome characterized by ichthyosis, spastic diplegia/quadriplegia, mental retardation and ocular features that include pigmentary changes in the retina, rarely present to the orthopaedic surgeon.
we detail a rare and unusual presentation of sjogren-larsson syndrome in an adolescent boy with bilateral femoral neck fractures.'"
"\"<i>purpose</i>: to prepare a drug delivery system of rapamycin poly-3-hydroxybutyrate-co-3-hydroxyvalerate microspheres (rpm) and analyze its effect on the eyes of a sjogren's syndrome mouse model.<i>methods</i>: rpm was generated using a solvent evaporation method, and observed under light and electron microscopy.
no obesity diabetes (nod) mice with sjogren's syndrome were randomized into normal saline, empty microspheres, and rpm groups, with healthy kunming mice as the controls.
"'sjogren-larsson syndrome is a rare neurocutaneous disorder characterized by ichthyosis, spastic diplegia or tetraplegia, and intellectual disability.
"'tubulointerstitial nephritis (tin) is the main renal involvement associated with primary sjogren syndrome (pss).
myocardial performance index values were disturbed in patients with sjogren syndrome (0.41 vs. 0.32, p < 0.01).
it is suggested that rs1143634 of il1b and rs8192284 of il6r act as susceptibility variations in korean non-sjogren dry eye patients.
mutations in the sil1 gene cause marinesco-sjogren syndrome (mss), an autosomal recessive disease characterized by cerebellar ataxia, mental retardation, congenital cataracts, and myopathy.
we present the case of a patient with co-occurrence of gbs and primary sjogren syndrome (pss).
to this date, dry eye syndrome in sle patients is believed to be caused by secondary sjogren syndrome (sss).
in order to rule out sss, these patients were all negative for anti-sjogren's-syndrome-related antigen a and b (anti-ssa/ssb) and had no oral symptoms.
"'primary sjogren syndrome (pss) is a progressive autoimmune disease characterized by sicca and systemic manifestations.
"'the heightened risk of non-hodgkin lymphoma (nhl) development in primary sjogren syndrome (ss) is well established.
unstimulated whole saliva flow, stimulated whole saliva flow, clinical oral dryness score, xerostomia inventory score, and eular sjogren's syndrome patient reported index score were obtained 1\\xa0week before (t0), 1\\xa0week after (t2), and 8\\xa0weeks after (t3) sialendoscopy.
significant differences were found between groups for the eular sjogren's syndrome patient reported index score at t2\\xa0(p\\xa0=\\xa0.03) and t3 (p\\xa0= .001).
"'oral diseases (2012) doi:10.1111/j.1601-0825.2012.01932.x biologic therapy has a potential to benefit patients with orofacial manifestations of sjogren syndrome (ss).
two patients had no previous history of a lymphoproliferative or autoimmune disorder, two had sjogren syndrome (ss) and two had extranodal marginal zone lymphoma of mucosa-associated lymphoid tissue (malt lymphoma).
hypophysitis related to primary sjogren syndrome (pss) is uncommon.
"\"previous studies have suggested an association between hepatitis c virus (hcv) infection and the development of sjogren's syndrome (ss), also known as sicca syndrome.
"'no large-scale population-based cohort study has ever investigated the risk of developing chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (copd) in patients with sjogren syndrome (ss).
"\"sjogren's syndrome (ss) and autoimmune thyroid diseases (aitd) may frequently coexist in clinical practice, resulting in a complex overlapping disorder that represents a particular example of the expression of heterogeneity in patients with autoimmune disorders.
a consensus statement of the european laryngological society,' written by marc remacle, christoph arens, mostafa badr eldin, guillermo campos, carlos chiesa estomba, pavel dulguerov, ivana fiz, anastasios hantzakos, jer\u00f4me keghian, francesco mora, nayla matar, giorgio peretti, cesare piazza, gregory n. postma, vyas prasad, elisabeth sjogren, frederik g. dikkers, was originally published online first without open access.
"'a 31-year-old female with primary sjogren syndrome (pss) presented with bilateral puffiness around the eye for 3 years.
"'the incidence of sjogren syndrome (ss) in primary biliary cirrhosis (pbc) patients is high.
"\"a 38-year-old woman with relapsing longitudinal extensive transverse myelitis and sjogren's syndrome (ss) was admitted with lower extremity muscle weakness.
"\"impairment of gastrointestinal tract (gi) function, including delayed gastric emptying and colonic dysmotility, are common features of primary sjogren's syndrome (ss).
"'primary sjogren syndrome (pss) is an autoimmune disorder characterized by lymphoplasmacytic infiltration of the exocrine (salivary and lachrymal) glands that results in sicca symptoms (dryness of the eyes and mouth).
"\"interstitial cystitis is an exceptional entity during primary sjogren's syndrome.
in this regard, we report the case of a 67-year-old patient in whom initially idiopathic interstitial cystitis revealed primary sjogren's syndrome after 5 years of evolution in front of xerostomiaa, xerophtalmia and bilateral parotid hypertrophy with histological confirmation at the biopsy of accessory salivary glands.\""
"\"we herein present a case of a 71-year-old woman with primary sjogren's syndrome (sjs), who developed bilateral pleural effusion and ground glass opacity during treatment with low-dose prednisolone.
"'the current 2002 classification criteria do not cover the broad clinical and immunological heterogeneity of primary sjogren syndrome (ss), since five of the six criteria focus exclusively on glandular involvement and the remaining criterion is the mandatory presence of anti-ro/la antibodies.
in conclusion, patients fulfilling the 2002 criteria, who have either a specific histological diagnosis (lymphocytic infiltration) or highly specific autoantibodies (ro/la), might well be considered to have sjogren \"disease.\" in contrast, etiopathogenic mechanisms other than lymphocytic-mediated epithelial damage could be involved in patients with negative ro and negative biopsy, in whom the term sjogren \"syndrome\" seems more adequate.'"
"\"primary sjogren's syndrome is an autoimmune disease characterized by dry eye and dry mouth.
in conclusion, topical corticosteroids have been shown to be effective in dry eye associated with sjogren's syndrome.
systemic secretagogues like pilocarpine have a role in sjogren's syndrome but the adverse effects may limit their clinical use.
as the grade of vascularity became higher, the rate of the sjogren-negative cases became lower.
"'sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) is an autosomal recessive disorder characterized by ichthyosis, mental retardation, spasticity and mutations in the aldh3a2 gene for fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase, an enzyme that catalyzes the oxidation of fatty aldehyde to fatty acid.
"\"we reported 1 case of primary sjogren syndrome in a child.
however, ultrasound showed hypoechoic areas in the gland, laboratory tests reported the positivity of sjogren's syndrome a antigen and sjogren's syndrome b antigen, and biopsy presented periductal lymphocytic infiltration.
therefore, a diagnosis of primary sjogren syndrome was conducted.
in this study, we retrospectively evaluated the efficacy and safety of rtx therapy in patients with refractory aitp secondary to systemic lupus erythematosus (sle) and sjogren syndrome (ss).
"\"the aim of this study was to elucidate more clearly the role of interleukin (il)-18 in modulating the il-22 pathway in primary sjogren's syndrome (pss) patients and in pss-associated lymphomas.
"'pulmonary amyloidosis in the setting of sjogren syndrome is rare.
to our knowledge, our patient is the first reported case of tba in a setting of sjogren syndrome. '"
"'we report the patchy normalization of lamellar ichthyotic skin in sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) following a cutaneous trichophyton rubrum infection.
"\"to investigate in a long-term study, the development of new extra-glandular manifestations (egm) or associated auto-immune diseases (aid) from 1 year after establishing the diagnosis of primary sjogren's syndrome (pss).
all outpatients diagnosed with primary sjogren's syndrome were included in a retrospective study, with at least one check-up per year, from june 1991 until august 2015.
"'advances in our understanding of the pathogenesis of primary sjogren syndrome (pss) characterize it as a highly complex process encompassing both the initiation of innate immunity and subsequent adaptive immune responses.
"'hypokalemic periodic paralysis (hpp) may occur as a rare complication of sjogren syndrome (ss) and renal tubular acidosis (rta).
"'the epidemiological characteristics of sjogren syndrome (ss) are significantly varied in different countries.
"'sjogren syndrome (ss) is an autoimmune disease affecting exocrine glands, mostly lacrimal and salivary glands.
"'examination of biopsy-obtained salivary gland tissue provides valuable insights for the diagnosis, classification and treatment of patients with primary sjogren syndrome.
we identify cochaperone sil1, mutated in marinesco-sjogren syndrome (mss), as being robustly expressed in disease-resistant slow motor neurons but not in er stress-prone fast-fatigable motor neurons.
therefore, we report herein one patient with childhood sle (c-sle) and sjogren's syndrome overlap that presented encapsulated cryptococcus yeast cells in lung tissue.
in conclusion, we report the first case of pulmonary cryptococcosis in sjogren's and c-sle patient with a satisfactory clinical response to antifungal therapy.
cardiac involvement in sjogren syndrome is usually asymptomatic.
the serum level of crp is positively related to pe in these patients with sjogren syndrome.
"'thymoma is the most common neoplasm of the anterior mediastinum but thymoma with sjogren syndrome (ss) is rare.
sjogren syndrome is a systemic autoimmune inflammatory disorder.
accordingly, we tested the hypothesis that sjogren's syndrome (ss) is associated with increased salivary gland expression of gadd153 and increased leukocyte infiltration in association with decreased del-1 thereby contributing to inflammation and cell death.
the secondary outcome are related to individual items of nas scores, eular sjogren's syndrome patient reported index (esspri), eular sjogren's syndrome disease activity index (essdai), schirmer test score and unstimulated salivary flow, serum immunoglobulin g, a and m levels, medical outcome study short form 36 short-form health survey (sf-36), salivary glands ultrasounds, hospital anxiety and depression (had) scale score.
"'pulmonary complications associated with sjogren syndrome (ss) have attracted attention in recent years.
sjogren syndrome has been associated with small cyst formation in salivary glands, thymus, and lungs and has been recently brought to the forefront by radiologists due to high-resolution techniques.
"'the purpose of the study was to evaluate the efficacy of an ophthalmic solution containing 0.1% fluorometholone (fml) and 0.1% sodium hyaluronate (ha) for the treatment of ocular dryness in sjogren syndrome (ss) patients.forty ss patients were randomly assigned to the fml or cyclosporin a (csa) treatment groups.
"'the therapeutic efficacy of corticosteroids and immunosuppressants on secretary glands of children with sjogren syndrome was investigated examining the lip-biopsy specimen on both lymphocyte infiltration and fibrosis.
six children with primary sjogren syndrome and two children with lupus-associated secondary sjogren syndrome were evaluated according to the intensity of therapy.
thus, in childhood sjogren syndrome, appropriate corticosteroids and immunosuppressants may provide the suppressive effects on the progressive inflammatory destruction of secretary glands.
"'sjogren-larsson syndrome is a rare hereditary metabolic disorder characterized by congenital ichthyosis, mental retardation, and spastic diplegia or tetraplegia.
the role of enzyme in the degradation of leukotrienes paved the way to the development of a new therapeutic strategy for sjogren-larsson syndrome, leukotriene antagonists.
we describe a 3-year-old boy with sjogren-larsson syndrome who had a lipid peak on proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy despite normal findings on cerebral magnetic resonance imaging.
"\"an 81-year-old japanese male with primary sjogren syndrome (pss) developed a low-grade fever and productive cough which were refractory to antibiotic therapy.
"'primary sjogren syndrome (pss) is a chronic autoimmune disease characterized by sicca complex and various systemic manifestations.
"'sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) is an inherited neurocutaneous disorder characterized by ichthyosis, mental retardation, spasticity, and deficient activity of fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase (faldh).
further diagnostic measures confirmed sjogren syndrome and revealed cryoglobulinemic vasculitis, membranoproliferative glomerulonephritis with acute renal failure, hashimoto thyroiditis, and acute hydrocephalus.
we report on a ruptured spinal aneurysm attributable to sjogren syndrome-associated cryoglobulinemic vasculitis.
"'primary sjogren syndrome (pss) rarely occurs in children.
patients with sjogren syndrome have a higher risk for development of non-hodgkin lymphoma (malt lymphoma).
to date, only cases of malt lymphoma of the salivary glands, thymus and stomach associated with sjogren syndrome have been published.
we present the case of a malt lymphoma of the larynx associated with sjogren syndrome.
"'sjogren syndrome is a chronic autoimmune exocrinopathy that destroys salivary and lacrimal gland tissue.
as this case illustrates, sjogren syndrome should be included in the differential diagnosis of bilateral cystic parotid lesions.'"
the patient also had hypergammaglobulinemia with probable primary sjogren syndrome.'"
"'sjogren syndrome is a systemic autoimmune disease characterized by dry eyes and dry mouth.
sjogren syndrome is classified as primary or secondary.
in primary disease, sjogren syndrome is a solitary process, whereas secondary disease accompanies another autoimmune disease--often rheumatoid arthritis.
sjogren syndrome is a challenging diagnosis, requiring the family physician to coordinate with a team of specialists, including dentists, otolaryngologists, rheumatologists, and ophthalmologists.
"'sjogren syndrome is a slowly progressing autoimmune disease.
pulmonary manifestations are frequent in primary sjogren syndrome but often not clinically significant; the most common are xerotrachea, interstitial lung diseases, and small airway obstruction.
pulmonary manifestations in sjogren syndrome have a slow progression and favorable prognosis, with the exception of primary pulmonary lymphoma and pulmonary hypertension.'"
"\"we report two cases of myelitis associated with sjogren syndrome without xerosis.
she was diagnosed as having primary sjogren syndrome based on the positive finding of a saxon test, typical salivary gland scintigraphy findings, and an elevated anti-ss-a antibody titer.
we suspected that her myelitis was associated with sjogren syndrome and treated her using steroid therapy.
she was diagnosed as having primary sjogren syndrome based on the positive findings of a rose bengal test, a schirmer's test, and a saxon test as well as typical salivary gland scintigraphy findings and elevated titers of anti-ss-a and anti-ss-b antibodies.
we suspected that her myelitis was associated with sjogren syndrome and treated her using steroid therapy.
based on these two cases, we concluded that mri findings for myelitis associated with sjogren syndrome are characterized by a swollen lesion of more than three vertebral segments in length, and the relapse tends to occur at the same location.\""
"'sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) is a rare autosomal recessively inherited neurocutaneous disorder caused by mutations in the aldh3a2 gene that encodes fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase, an enzyme that catalyzes the oxidation of fatty aldehyde to fatty acid.
"'sjogren-larsson syndrome is an autosomal-recessive hereditary disorder characterized by congenital ichthyosis, mental retardation and spastic diplegia or tetraplegia.
"'the diagnosis and treatment of patients with sjogren syndrome (ss) with neuropathic pain pose several challenges.
"'marinesco-sjogren syndrome (mss) features cerebellar ataxia, mental retardation, cataracts, and progressive vacuolar myopathy with peculiar myonuclear alterations.
"\"sjogren syndrome is associated with lymphoproliferative disease in 7% of cases; however, association with al amyloidosis is uncommon.
we present a patient who presented simultaneously with sjogren syndrome (supported by dry mouth, positive schirmer's test, anti-ro/ssa antibodies, and a lower lip salivary gland biopsy) and al amyloidosis revealed by heart failure without myeloma.
although is it know that amyloidosis can masquerade as sjogren syndrome, the occurrence of simultaneous al amyloidosis and primary sjogren syndrome has been reported rarely.\""
"'sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) is a rare autosomal recessive disorder characterized by triad of congenital ichthyosis, spastic paresis, and mental retardation.
here, we uncover a molecular mechanism by which sjogren syndrome-associated autoantigen (ssa), an estrogen receptor (er) coactivator, induces myc oncogene by removing repressive coaa through e2-dependent degradation of coaa and promotes g(1)/s transition of the cell cycle as well as anchorage-independent growth capability of breast cancer cells.
"'sjogren syndrome (ss) is a chronic autoimmune disease characterized by lymphocytic inflammation of exocrine glands and a variety of extraglandular sites.
"\"sjogren's syndrome (ss) has the highest incidence of malignant lymphoproliferative disorders transformation among autoimmune diseases.
"'this study investigated the regulatory function of cd8\u207a cells in t helper-17 (th17) cell-mediated corneal epithelial barrier disruption that develops in a murine desiccating stress (ds) model that resembles sjogren syndrome.
lip biopsy revealed findings consistent with sjogren syndrome.
furthermore, she was diagnosed with sjogren syndrome on the basis of eye and oral dryness, positive result with anti-ssa antibody, and salivary gland biopsy.
"'we report a case of sjogren-larsson syndrome with clinical profile (spastic diplegia, icthyosis, mental retardation) and imaging findings on magnetic resonance imaging.'"
"'we present a 5-year-old girl who was ultimately diagnosed with sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls).
dry eye manifestations can precede the diagnosis of sjogren's syndrome by many years.
innumerous spontaneous and inducible sjogren's syndrome models have been used to study the pathogenesis of sjogren's syndrome.
"\"we report the case of a 31-year-old woman who presented with neuromyelitis optica (nmo) associated with sjogren syndrome and distal renal tubular acidosis.
she also showed hypokalemia, metabolic acidosis, and nephrocalcinosis caused by distal renal tubular acidosis associated with sjogren syndrome.
in patients with myelitis/transverse myelopathy associated with autoimmune disorders such as sjogren syndrome, examining the titer values of anti-aqp4 antibody is indispensable in determining the appropriate therapy.\""
we used potato virus x (pvx), chimeric virus particles, and cowpea mosaic virus, empty virus-like particles to display a linear peptide (lipo) derived from human lipocalin, which is immunodominant in sjogren's syndrome (sjs) and is thus recognized by autoantibodies in sjs patient serum.
"\"background primary sjogren's syndrome (pss) is one of the most common chronic systemic autoimmune diseases, and thrombocytopenia is one of the hematological manifestations of pss.
primary sjogren syndrome is a rare autoimmune disease, especially in children, mainly affecting girls (77%), and usually diagnosed around 10 years of age.
primary sjogren syndrome has a wide clinical and immunologic spectrum and may progress with increased morbidity.
"'we conducted the current study to analyze the clinical, immunologic, and neurophysiologic features of primary sjogren syndrome (pss)-associated sensory small fiber neuropathies (sfns).
however, it occurs exceptionally as the first manifestation of sjogren syndrome with renal involvement.
investigations concluded to the diagnosis of primary sjogren's syndrome.
"'diffusion tensor imaging (dti) is reported for the first time in a patient with sjogren-larsson syndrome, an autosomal recessive neurocutaneous disorder.
these results suggest that in sjogren-larsson syndrome, the white matter lipid signals originate from the neurons, with naa and choline reflecting neuron density and myelination.
"'sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) is an inherited neurocutaneous disorder caused by mutations in the aldehyde dehydrogenase family 3 member a2 (aldh3a2) gene that encodes fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase.
"'sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) is a rare autosomal recessive neurocutaneous disorder characterized by the triad of intellectual disability, spastic diplegia or tetraplegia, and congenital ichthyosis with associated ocular features, which include macular glistening dots.
"'sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) is an inherited neurocutaneous disorder caused by mutations in the aldh3a2 gene that encodes fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase (faldh), an enzyme that catalyzes the oxidation of fatty aldehyde to fatty acid.
"'sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) is an autosomal recessive neurometabolic disorder characterized by spasticity, learning disability, and ichthyosis.
a diagnosis of sjogren syndrome (sjs) was finally made based on a biopsy of a minor salivary gland showing infiltration of lymphocytes around the gland ducts.
he was evaluated in the context of a research registry for sjogren syndrome and was the only 1 of 2594 registrants with minor salivary gland histopathologic findings supportive of this diagnosis.'"
"'this study investigated the expression of muc19, a newly discovered gel-forming mucin gene, in normal human lacrimal functional unit components and its alteration in sjogren syndrome patients.
conjunctival impression cytology specimens were collected from normal control subjects and sjogren syndrome patients for real-time pcr, pas staining, and immunohistochemistry assays.
consistent with the significant decrease of mucous secretion, both muc19 and muc5ac were decreased in conjunctiva of sjogren syndrome patients compared to normal subjects.
considering the contribution of gel-forming mucins to the homeostasis of the ocular surface, the decreased expression of muc19 and muc5ac in sjogren syndrome patients suggested that these mucins may be involved in the disruption of the ocular surface homeostasis in this disease.'"
detailed examination led to a diagnosis of sjogren syndrome and acquired von willebrand syndrome.
this is, to our knowledge, the first reported case of primary thymic malt lymphoma accompanied by sjogren and acquired von willebrand syndromes.'"
"'patients with primary sjogren syndrome frequently present hematologic abnormalities, consisting mainly of immune cytopenias.
pure red cell aplasia is a very rare complication of primary sjogren syndrome.
this is the first report in the literature describing the development of pure red cell aplasia combined with autoimmune hemolytic anemia in a 74-year-old woman with primary sjogren syndrome.
although most of the hematologic abnormalities that occur in primary sjogren syndrome are not clinically significant, serious and difficult-to-treat hematologic complications may also occur.'"
"'mucosa-associated lymphoid tissue (malt) lymphomas are known to occur in sjogren syndrome (ss) patients, but reported cases in labial salivary glands (lsg) are rare.
we report a case of 60-year-old female patient with ss who developed malt lymphoma in the labial salivary glands during a 2-year time interval when she was participating in the sjogren\\'s international clinical collaborative alliance, an ongoing longitudinal multisite observational study funded by the national institutes of health of the united states.
salivary-gland biopsy was carried out on may 25, 2008 on the suspicion of sjogren syndrome, because she continued to complain of dryness in the mouth and eyes.
the pathological findings were consistent with sjogren syndrome.
since the case was complicated with sjogren syndrome, some immunological dysregulation might have been a factor.
in the present work, mrna and protein levels of alpha6beta4 integrin were determined and its localisation in salivary glands evaluated in patients with sjogren syndrome.
she also clinically manifested sjogren syndrome.
"'we report 1 case of primary sjogren syndrome that showed histologic variation and different lymphoproliferative disorders in different salivary glands.different salivary glands can show a different transition situation with histologic variation and lymphoproliferative disorders.
"'sjogren syndrome (ss) is an autoimmune disease of the exocrine glands, characterized by focal lymphocytic infiltration and destruction of these glands.
"'we describe a case of a 50-year-old lady with newly diagnosed primary sjogren syndrome who presented with severe pulmonary artery hypertension and pericardial effusion.
"'renal tubular acidosis (rta) is common in adults with primary sjogren syndrome (pss) but to date this condition has only been identified in 12 pediatric cases of pss.
in this particular case report, we must underline the clinical presentation of a sicca syndrome as a manifestation of the hiv infection, bearing in mind that, frequently, the differential diagnosis from other diseases, namely the sjogren's syndrome, is a real challenge.\""
this study aims to determine the prevalence and the clinical significance of anti-ccp in patients with primary sjogren syndrome (pss).
the patient was diagnosed with primary sjogren syndrome (pss) based on her symptoms, positive anti-ss-a antibodies, coombs-negative autoimmune hemolytic anemia and pure red cell aplasia associated with rbc-bound igg and hemophagocytosis.
here, we identify sjogren syndrome antigen b (ssb)/la as a pre-mirna-binding protein that regulates mirna processing in vitro.
"\"case reports of protein-losing gastroenteropathy (plge) associated with not only mixed connective tissue disease (mctd) but also sjogren syndrome (sjs) are very rare.
"\"we examined the tear film proteome of patients with sjogren's syndrome (ss) and dry eye syndrome (group a), patients with dry eye symptoms (group b) and normal volunteers (group c).
"\"dry eye from sjogren's syndrome is a multifactorial disease that results in dysfunction of the lacrimal functional unit.
"'gougerot sjogren syndrome is rare during childhood.
we report on 3 cases of childhood gougerot sjogren syndrome.'"
"'sjogren syndrome (ss) is a systemic autoimmune disease characterized by dry mouth and eyes, and the cellular and molecular mechanisms for its pathogenesis are complex.
"\"the relationship between sjogren's syndrome (ss) and neuromyelitis optica spectrum disorder (nmosd) is not completely understood.
"'sjogren syndrome is a chronic autoimmune disorder of the exocrine glands with associated lymphocytic infiltration of the affected glands.
the exocrinopathy can be encountered alone (primary sjogren syndrome or in association with other autoimmune disorders, the three most common ones being rheumatoid arthritis, systemic lupus erythematosus, and progressive systemic sclerosis (secondary sjogren syndrome).
recent studies have broadened our understanding of the etiopathogenesis and immunopathology of primary sjogren syndrome.
"'two siblings who were born out of consanguineous marriage in an indian family and had typical clinical manifestations of sjogren-larsson syndrome were found to have normal electroretinogram and abnormal visual evoked potential results.
abnormal visual evoked potential results along with the presence of distinctive foveal and parafoveal deposits, which could have a prognostic bearing on the visual acuity of the patients, emphasize the importance of a complete ophthalmological and electrophysiological evaluation in all patients with sjogren-larsson syndrome.'"
"'primary sjogren syndrome (pss) is an autoimmune disease that is characterized by infiltration of lymphocytes in exocrine glands, followed by hypofunction of the glands.
"'sjogren syndrome (ss) is a systemic, autoimmune disorder characterized by lymphocytic infiltration of the exocrine glands.
"\"the subject of study were 104 patients with the primary sjogren syndrome (p. sj.
all the patients fulfilled the criteria of the european expert group of the sjogren syndrome.
international team of experts postulated the delineation of the disease entity: 'hcv-related primary sjogren syndrome', separate from the p.sj.s.
"\"sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) is a recessively inherited disease with congenital ichthyosis, spastic diplegia or tetraplegia and mental retardation, caused by a deficiency of fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase.
we report a 36-year-old woman with the interesting triad of apad, sjogren syndrome and iga nephropathy.
cases of premature ovarian failure associated with sjogren syndrome have been reported in the literature.
"'a 67-year-old woman, who had been treated for sjogren syndrome and rheumatoid arthritis for 10 years, was consulted for examination of multiple nodular pulmonary nodules.
as far as our knowledge, this is the 1st report of transthyretin amyloidosis with sjogren syndrome.'"
"\"background the contribution of tear protein expression in patients with presumed diagnosis of sjogren syndrome is underestimated.
we aimed to evaluate the role of tear proteins in the sjogren syndrome early diagnosis.
methods charts from 110 patients suspected of sjogren syndrome were analysed and the subsequent diagnosis retrieved.
results thirty-five patients (31.8%) had been diagnosed as affected by sjogren syndrome.
lys-c, lacto, lipoc-1 and alb showed a significant association in predicting sjogren syndrome vs. not-sjogren syndrome dry eye (or, respectively, 4.9, 5.5, 7.2, 6.7).
conclusions tear proteins' concentrations showed a significant higher accuracy compared with the traditional ocular clinical tests for reaching sjogren syndrome's diagnosis.
in particular, lacto and lipoc-1 provided an excellent diagnostic performance and thus could likely be considered promising biomarkers of sjogren syndrome.\""
we report the case of a patient with bilateral, sequential optic neuropathy as the initial manifestation of sjogren syndrome.
elevated titres of autoantibodies (ana, anti-ssa, anti-ssb) were found, suggestive of sjogren syndrome.
our case illustrates how a bilateral sequential optic neuropathy in an otherwise healthy patient can result from an unusual inflammatory aetiology: primary sjogren syndrome.
"\"primary sjogren's syndrome (pss) is an important cause of renal tubular dysfunction in adults, mainly due to acquired type 1 distal renal tubular acidosis (rta 1) and concentration defects (cd).
therefore, after finding scapular pseudofractures in a patient with rta1 and sjogren syndrome, we decided to survey other patients with rta to learn whether osteomalacia occurred in others and, if it did, whether it was necessarily associated with the presence of sjogren syndrome.
a third patient without sjogren syndrome had biochemical findings suggestive of osteomalacia.
we found no biochemical evidence of osteomalacia in the patients with sjogren syndrome who did not have rta.
"'marinesco-sjogren syndrome (mss) is an autosomal recessive, neurodegenerative, multisystem disorder characterized by severe phenotypes developing in infancy.
"'sjogren syndrome (ss) has been associated with the development of non-hodgkin lymphoma (nhl).
one etiology is primary pediatric sjogren syndrome (ss), an autoimmune condition typically associated with dryness of the eyes and mouth in adults.
"'sjogren syndrome (ss) is an autoimmune disease that affects exocrine glands and therefore may affect the gastrointestinal system, from the mouth, esophagus, and bowel to the liver and pancreas.
"'sjogren-larsson syndrome is a recessively inherited syndrome caused by deficiency of fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase.
"'we present the case of a 71-year-old japanese woman with sjogren syndrome complicated with pulmonary amyloidosis who developed microscopic polyangiitis.
"'we report a unique case of periocular nonnecrobiotic necrobiotic xanthogranuloma in a 52-year-old white woman with sjogren syndrome who was subsequently found to have an immunoglobulin g paraproteinemia and coexisting small lymphocytic lymphoma.
"'sjogren syndrome is a rare chronic systemic autoimmune disease characterized by progressive dryness of the mucous membranes.
based on clinical, serologic and histopathologic findings, we diagnosed leg ulcers in primary sjogren syndrome.
in the case of clinically atypical leg ulcers, sjogren syndrome should be considered as a rare differential diagnostic possibility.'"
mutations in the sil1 gene have been associated with marinesco-sjogren syndrome, hallmarks of which include ataxia and cerebellar atrophy.
our results present the first evidence of important genetic modifiers of marinesco-sjogren syndrome, and provide additional pathways for therapeutic intervention for this, and other er stress-induced, diseases.'"
we diagnosed primary sjogren syndrome with secondary organizing pneumonia with a reversed halo sign.
next, she was diagnosed as having a sjogren syndrome, with serological positivity for anti-ss-ro antibodies.
four patients (31%) were negative for both antinuclear autoantibody (ana) and rheumatoid factor (rf) autoantibody, and three patients (23%) were negative for ana, rf, sjogren syndrome (ss)-a, and ss-b autoantibodies.
"'a 62-year-old woman with sjogren syndrome was admitted for computed tomographic (ct) evaluation of a thickened trachea and parotid tumor.
"'although a modified european-american consensus classification of sjogren syndrome has been introduced during the last year, the etiopathogenesis of this disease characterized by chronic lymphocytic inflammation, impaired function, and, finally, destruction of the salivary and lacrimal glands as well as systemic manifestations remains to be elucidated.
recent insights into the pathogenesis of sjogren syndrome resulting from immunogenetic, hormonal, and epidemiologic evaluations as well as animal and in vitro studies are highlighted by this review.
evidence confirms that lymphocytic disturbances, including ectopic germinal center formation and aberrations of cellular signaling play a significant role in sjogren syndrome.
although some of these features are unique to sjogren syndrome, others are also found in a number of systemic autoimmune diseases, such as systemic lupus erythematosus, systemic sclerosis, and rheumatoid arthritis.
the underlying cause of sjogren syndrome remains largely enigmatic.
finally, an enhanced risk of lymphomagenesis is a well-known hallmark of primary sjogren syndrome, indicating the central role of derangement of lymphocyte regulation.
as demonstrated by the introduction of the new targeted therapeutic approaches in rheumatoid arthritis, solid insights into the pathogenesis of sjogren syndrome may pave the way toward new therapeutic approaches.'"
"'a 57-year-old woman who had been given a diagnosis of sjogren syndrome at age 53 consulted a nearby doctor because of bloody sputum.
video-assisted thoracoscopic lung biopsy revealed patchy fibrosis, cystic change, al type amyloid deposition and mild lymphoid hyperplasia and a diagnosis of sjogren syndrome-associated-pulmonary-disease was established.'"
"'sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) is an autosomal recessive neurocutaneous disorder caused by mutation in the aldh3a2 gene that codes for human fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase (faldh).
sjogren-larsson syndrome patients lack faldh, which catalyzes the oxidation of long-chain aliphatic aldehydes to fatty acids.
lymphocytic infiltration and significantly high decrement in salivary flow (37%) compared to controls was observed only in the high hne-ro60 group, suggesting induction of a sjogren syndrome-like condition in this group.
the results of the diagnostic work-up, which included the anti-ss-a antibody, anti-ss-b antibody positivity and salivary gland scintigraphy, schirmer test and rose bengal test, supported the classification criteria of sjogren syndrome.
due to secondary myelofibrosis accompanied by sjogren syndrome, she was started on prednisolone (psl) and recovered completely from the anemia and thrombocytopenia.
this patient is considered to be a rare case in whom secondary myelofibrosis was accompanied by sjogren syndrome.'"
a total of 57 patients (25.9%) had an underlying rheumatic condition: 25 patients (11.4%) had rheumatoid arthritis and 24 (10.9%) had primary sjogren syndrome (pss).
"'sjogren-larsson syndrome is a rare inherited autosomal recessive neurocutaneous disorder with typical findings on mri.
we describe the typical mri and mr spectroscopy findings in a clinically diagnosed case of sjogren-larsson syndrome. '"
"'we conducted this study to characterize the relationship between primary sjogren syndrome (pss)-associated peripheral neuropathy (pn) and markers of b-cell monoclonal proliferation and chronic activation.
"'primary sjogren syndrome (pss) is an uncommon disease in childhood.
investigations showed elevated erythrocyte sedimentation rate, the presence of hypergammaglobulinemia, positive antinuclear antibody, and elevated rheumatoid factor, anti-sjogren syndrome antigen a, and anti-sjogren syndrome antigen b. histopathologic examination of labial minor salivary glands revealed focal periductal lymphocytic infiltrate and sialoduct ectasia.
"\"five per cent of patients with primary sjogren's syndrome (pss) develop malignant non-hodgkin's lymphoma (nhl), usually of the mucosa-associated lymphoid tissue (malt) and most frequently located in the major salivary glands.
"'marinesco-sjogren syndrome (mss) is a rare autosomal recessive disorder characterized by cerebellar ataxia, congenital cataracts, mental retardation, primary hypogonadism, skeletal abnormalities and myopathy, and patients with mss are considered to be at risk of falls and bone fractures.
"'sjogren syndrome (ss) is an immune disease characterized by a progressive degeneration of exocrine glands.
in the event of secondary sjogren syndrome occurring during pregnancy, treatment focuses on the associated disease, mainly systemic lupus erythematosus.
in primary sjogren syndrome, pregnancy does not appear to influence disease course.
however, patients with both primary and secondary sjogren syndrome must be monitored carefully.
b cells seem to play an important role in the pathogenesis of sjogren syndrome.
it is probable that drugs like rituximab could be of help in patients in unresponsive cases of keratoconjunctivitis sicca secondary to sjogren syndrome.
"\"juvenile sjogren's syndrome is a rare condition that affects children and adolescents with distinctive clinical features.
hence, diagnosing juvenile sjogren's  syndrome may be challenging to the attending pediatric dentist, and long-term management without proper diagnosis may be jeopardized.
the purpose of this report was to detail the features of an adolescent with primary sjogren's syndrome diagnosed 12 years after the onset of the disease.
"'presentation of a case of crystalline macular distrophy diagnosed in a female patient with sjogren-larsson syndrome.
"'sjogren syndrome (ss) has been known to manifest with neurological complications, most frequently of the peripheral nervous system, and often in advance of xerostomia and xerophthalmia.
aim of the study is to evaluate baff and april in patients affected by sjogren syndrome (ss) and systemic lupus erythematosus (sle).
"\"sjogren syndrome is one of the most prevalent autoimmune diseases in which the body's immune system mistakenly attacks its own moisture producing glands.
although sjogren syndrome occurs in all age groups in both women and men, women in their fourties are the most affected.
sjogren's syndrome can occur alone or in the presence of another connective tissue disease, respectively called primary and secundary sjogren syndrome.
when two of the three clinical hallmarks: keratoconjunctivitis sicca, xerostomia or connective tissue disease are present, sjogren 's syndrome should be considered.
to confirm the diagnosis of sjogren's syndrome several tests are required.
rheumatologists have the primary responsibility for managing sjogren's syndrome.
the incidence of lymphoma is higher in patients with sjogren's syndrome than in the general population.
sjogren's syndrome is serious but generally not fatal if complications are diagnosed and treated early.\""
the association between pellucid marginal degeneration, primary sjogren syndrome and secondary sjogren syndrome has not been described.
the purpose of this review is to discuss recent advances in the pathogenesis of primary sjogren syndrome.
the studies reviewed imply that fas-mediated cytotoxicity and caspase-mediated alpha-fodrin proteolysis are involved in the progression of tissue destruction in sjogren syndrome.
it can be considered that a defect in activation-induced cell death of effector t cells may result in the development of autoimmune exocrinopathy in sjogren syndrome.
mothers of affected fetuses often suffer from connective tissue disease (sjogren syndrome or lupus erythematodes).
"'sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) is an autosomal recessively inherited neurocutaneous disorder characterized by the triad of congenital ichthyosis, mental deficiency, and spastic diplegia or tetraplegia.
"'sjogren-larsson syndrome is a very rare inherited neurocutaneous disorder caused by a deficiency of microsomal enzyme fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase (faldh).
the authors report a case of typical sjogren-larsson syndrome in a 7-year-old moroccan child who presented with classical symptoms (congenital ichthyosis, mental retardation, and spastic paraparesis) and epilepsy.
"'sjogren syndrome is a multisystemic condition that predominantly involves the salivary and lacrimal glands.
this article provides a comprehensive review on sjogren syndrome, with an emphasis on diagnosis and treatment modalities.'"
"'the article describes the treatment and 1 year follow-up of a patient with sjogren syndrome, treated with 6 intraforaminal mandibular implants with delayed loading and an implant-retained fixed prosthesis.
"'sjogren syndrome (ss) is a chronic systemic autoimmune disease characterized by lymphocytic infiltration of exocrine glands, especially lacrimal and salivary.
the combination of sjogren syndrome with kidney, liver and muscle involvement in one entity is extremely rare and data in the literature are remarkably sparse.
xerostomia, in patients with sjogren syndrome, is generally associated with reduced quantities, rather than altered properties, of saliva.
she developed concomitantly sjogren syndrome with systemic manifestations.
"'hypokalemic paralysis is a rare presentation of fanconi syndrome (fs) caused by sjogren syndrome (ss).
"\"treatment of primary sjogren's syndrome is adapted to the initial evaluation of symptom and extraglandular manifestation according to the damage/activity ratio.
based on the labial biopsy findings, 32 patients with a histopathologic grade of 1 or 2 were regarded as having early-stage sjogren syndrome and 41 patients with a grade of 3 or 4 were regarded as having an advanced stage.
the thyroid uptake ratio was calculated for the scintigraphic images and compared among the three groups: healthy controls, patients with early-stage sjogren syndrome, and those with advanced-stage sjogren syndrome.
measuring the thyroid uptake of tc-99m pertechnetate using salivary gland scintigraphy is an easy and useful method for assessing thyroid disorders in sjogren syndrome and thus should be performed routinely.
"'sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls; mim#270200) is an autosomal recessive neurocutaneous disease caused by mutations in the aldh3a2 gene for fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase (faldh), a microsomal enzyme that catalyzes the oxidation of medium- and long- chain aliphatic aldehydes fatty acids.
"'sjogren-larson syndrome is a rare autosomal recessive neurocutaneous disorder characterized by a triad of intellectual disability, spastic diplegia or tetraplegia and congenital ichthyosis with associated ocular features, which include pigmentary changes in the retina.
herein, a case of sjogren-larson syndrome in a 25-year-old woman is presented to highlight the ocular findings.'"
in june 2004, we diagnosed her as having sjogren syndrome on the basis of schirmer's test, salivary scintigraphy, presence of anti-ss-a/ro antibody, and subjective symptoms.
"\"sjogren's syndrome (ss) is a chronic inflammatory disorder of hitherto unknown origin.
the estimated prevalence of lymphoma in patients with sjogren syndrome was 5.8%.
because most lymphomas initially involve the neck organs, including the lymph nodes, meticulous imaging studies mainly focused on the cervical regions are recommended in the follow-up of patients with sjogren syndrome.
"\"we described a patient with secondary sjogren's syndrome suspected showing multiple cranial neuropathies at the different time.
in 2001, she was also diagnosed with sjogren's syndrome suspected.
this case is important to insight into the cranial neuropathy with sjogren's syndrome.\""
"'marinesco-sjogren syndrome (mss) is a rare autosomal recessive disorder.
a 34-year-old woman who 1 year previously had clinical history of sjogren syndrome complicated by myelitis with the presence of anti-aqp4 antibody in her serum, although there was no optic neuritis involvement, was neurologically normal at time of becoming pregnant.
"'interleukin-12 (il-12), a th1 proinflammatory cytokine, is reported to be increased in sjogren syndrome.
il-12 transgenic mice developed bronchial and alveolar abnormalities strikingly similar to those found in the lungs of sjogren patients.
this new mouse model highlights the role of il-12 in the initiation of sjogren syndrome.'"
although several studies have examined generic (general) qol in sjogren syndrome (ss), little information exists on the effect of oral health on qol and relationships among self-reported oral health, systemic health and objective clinical measures of health.
"'sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) is caused by a deficiency of fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase (faldh), encoded by the aldh3a2 gene.
therefore, the present results revealed that liriope polysaccharides exert a protective effect against tissue damage in rats with sjogren syndrome (ss).'"
"'we report a complex and rare combination of clinical and histological findings in a 59-year-old female patient: severe sicca-syndrome due to m. sjogren, marginal zone b-cell lymphoma (malt-type) in labial salivary glands with localized amyloid deposition, igm-paraproteinemia, and bence-jones proteinuria.
the aim of our work was to evaluate the dnase1 contribution in the genetic susceptibility of rheumatoid arthritis (ra, n = 151), sjogren syndrome (ss, n = 55) and sle (n = 34) in tunisia.
"'the diverse hematologic manifestations of primary sjogren syndrome (pss) have not been systematically investigated, and their prognostic relevance remains unclear.
"'sjogren syndrome (ss) is a systemic autoimmune disease that affects the exocrine glands and presents with sicca symptoms of the main mucosa surfaces.
"'we describe a 62-year-old female with primary sjogren syndrome and myopathy, severe osteoporosis, and vertebral fractures that were attributed to celiac disease.
amyloidosis, although relatively common in some chronic inflammatory diseases, has been uncommon in sjogren syndrome or celiac disease.
"'sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) is an autosomal recessive neurocutaneous disorder most commonly seen in the scandinavian population and characterized by congenital ichthyosis, mental retardation, and spastic diplegia or quadriplegia.
"'sjogren-larsson syndrome is a rare autosomal recessive disorder that was originally recognized in the coexistence of congenital ichthyosis, spastic diplegia or quadriplegia and mental retardation.
primers to nontandem repeat sequences of the gel-forming mucin muc5ac and the membrane-spanning mucins muc1 and muc4 were used in real-time rt-pcr to determine relative abundance of muc mrna in patients with sjogren syndrome in relation to that of normal subjects.
protein levels of the goblet cell mucin muc5ac were significantly reduced in the tear fluid of patients with sjogren syndrome, corroborating mrna data obtained using real-time rt-pcr.
the authors propose that deficiency of muc5ac mucin in tears constitutes one of the mechanisms responsible for tear film instability in sjogren syndrome.
"'we describe a case of sjogren syndrome presenting with subacute transverse myelopathy that improved in response to steroid therapy.
she was diagnosed with primary sjogren syndrome based on xerostomia, apple-tree appearance in parotid sialography, mononuclear cell infiltration in the salivary gland biopsied, and elevated anti-ss-a and ss-b antibody titers.
we considered that her myelopathy was associated with sjogren syndrome, and started steroid pulse therapy.
it is conceivable that the present case may represent sjogren syndrome complicated with myelopathy that shows no mri abnormality and well responds to steroid therapy.
"'recently, associations were found between several autoimmune diseases and functional variants of interleukin-23 receptor (il23r) gene; here, we studied the possible association of nine polymorphisms of il23r with ankylosing spondylitis (as) and with sjogren syndrome (ss).
"'the relationship between neuropathy and sjogren syndrome has been predicated largely on sicca symptoms or serological abnormalities rather than salivary gland pathology.
we reviewed consecutive neuropathy patients who had had a lip biopsy to identify features of the neuropathy that were associated with a positive lip biopsy suggesting sjogren syndrome.
serological abnormalities were found more often in the biopsy-positive group (p = 0.008), but anti-sjogren syndrome a or b (anti-ssa or ssb) antibodies were detected in only 30%.
most patients with neuropathy and a positive lip biopsy for sjogren syndrome have a painful, distal, sensory axonal neuropathy; (2).
the lack of sicca symptoms or anti-ssa or ssb antibodies in patients with neuropathy does not exclude sjogren syndrome based upon salivary gland pathology.'"
mutations in the human gene inactivate the enzyme and cause accumulation of fatty alcohols in sjogren-larsson syndrome, a neurological disorder resulting in physical and mental handicaps.
"'we herein report the finding of a 45-year-old woman suffered from sjogren syndrome with progressive tetraparesis, who later developed systemic muscle atrophy and respiratory failure with a one-year clinical history.
we consider the immune-mediated impairment of the motor nerve associated with sjogren syndrome to be the cardinal pathogenesis of the present patient, even though treatment with oral corticosteroids did not ameliorate her symptoms.'"
"'sjogren syndrome (ss) is one of the most common autoimmune diseases.
"\"acquired gitelman syndrome (gs) associated with sjogren syndrome (ss) is rare, and the test to determine the pathophysiological state of acquired gs in patients with primary ss has not been reported previously.
antibodies against alpha-fodrin are associated with sicca symptoms and may valuable diagnostic markers in patients with primary sjogren syndrome (ss) lacking ro antibodies.
she was subsequently given a diagnosis of primary sjogren syndrome.
we believe that such a case of multiple nodular pulmonary amyloidosis with sjogren syndrome is rare, and the case showed interesting radiological findings, such as mimicking metastatic lung tumor.'"
"'brain mr imaging abnormalities in primary sjogren syndrome (pss) are generally discrete white matter lesions.
"'marinesco-sjogren syndrome (mss) is a progressive multisystem disease with autosomal recessive inheritance characterized by cataracts, mental retardation, and cerebellar ataxia.
we experienced a patient with cyclic thrombocytopenia and sjogren syndrome (ss), and studied the mechanism of the cyclic changes of the platelet count.
"\"marinesco-sjogren syndrome (mss) is a rare autosomal recessively inherited neurodegenerative disorder characterized by cerebellar ataxia, cataracts, mental retardation, and progressive myopathy.
"\"sjogren's syndrome (sjs) is a systemic autoimmune disease that mainly affects the exocrine glands and usually presents as persistent dryness of the mouth and eyes.
"'we report two elderly patients with seronegative sjogren syndrome who showed benign swelling of the pancreas on computed tomography.
seronegative sjogren syndrome and asp can concurrently occur as a clinical manifestation of the igg4-related systemic disorder, particularly in elderly subjects, and, in such a case, corticosteroid may be a potent therapeutic option.'"
"'sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) is an autosomal recessive disorder characterized by ichthyosis, mental retardation, and spastic diplegia or tetraplegia.
twenty-eight patients (16 female and 12 male patients; mean age, 42 years) with early ra and 19 patients (18 female and one male patient; mean age, 46 years) with sle (n = 14) or primary sjogren syndrome (n = 5) underwent mr imaging of both hands.
"'marinesco-sjogren syndrome (mss) is an autosomal recessive multisystem disorder characterized by cerebellar ataxia, cataracts, progressive muscular weakness, and developmental and mental retardation.
"'sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) is caused by an autosomal recessive defect in the gene coding for fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase (faldh), an enzyme necessary for the oxidation of long-chain aliphatic aldehydes to fatty acid as one enzyme of the fatty alcohol:nicotinamide-adenine dinucleotide (nad+)-oxidoreductase complex (fao).
"\"the aberrant induction of salivary/lacrimal proteins is considered to be crucial in the pathogenesis of sicca-symptoms related to primary sjogren syndrome (ss).
"\"primary sjogren syndrome (sjs) has a comparatively good prognosis except when it is complicated by non-hodgkin's lymphoma.
"'we conducted the current study to characterize the clinical presentation of primary sjogren syndrome (ss) in a large cohort of spanish patients and to determine whether epidemiologic, clinical, and analytical features modulate disease expression.
this study examined rca alpha block haplotype associations with both disease susceptibility and diversification of the anti-ro/la autoantibody response in primary sjogren syndrome (pss).
"'we report progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy (pml) and cd4+ t-lymphocytopenia in a 71-year-old man with sjogren syndrome (sjs).
"'this study aims to investigate the clinical and laboratory features of systemic lupus erythematosus (sle) patients associated with sjogren syndrome (ss) in china, as well as its similarities to and differences from sle patients without ss.
"'sjogren syndrome is a chronic autoimmune disease.
we present a case report of a 62-year-old female diagnosed with sjogren syndrome.
we conclude spinal cord stimulation may be a good alternative to conservative therapies in patients with vasculitis of sjogren syndrome.'"
the retrovirus htlv-1 has been implicated as a causative agent of sjogren syndrome (ss) in clinical reports and murine experiments.
"'the sjogren syndrome often gives rise to complications such as pseudolymphomas and/or mucosa-/skin-associated lymphocytic tumors (malt/salt lymphomas).
this paper presents a 74-year-old female patient with the sjogren syndrome complicated by cutaneous plaques/tumors as cutaneous lymphoid hyperplasia over a 7-year follow-up study period.
"\"we report a 25-year-old woman who developed optic neuritis and encephalomyelitis following primary sjogren's syndrome (sjs).
"'ro52 is a major autoantigen that is targeted in the autoimmune disease sjogren syndrome and belongs to the tripartite motif (trim) protein family.
the histopathological exam confirmed the destruction of the lacrimal gland, and, furthermore, the immunohistochemical study revealed the aspect of sjogren syndrome lesions.
these are common features of primary sjogren syndrome (pss).
"'sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) is a metabolic disorder characterized by ichthyosis, mental retardation and spastic diplegia or tetraplegia.
"'sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) is a rare autosomal recessive neurocutaneous disorder caused by deficiency of the microsomal enzyme fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase.
"'the presence of circulating antibodies from primary sjogren syndrome (pss) patients enable to interact with rat cerebral frontal cortex by activating muscarinic acetylcholine receptors (machr).
"\"the authors report the case of a 69-years-old woman with sjogren's syndrome.
"'previous studies have demonstrated that antibodies against cholinoreceptors of exocrine glands correlate with dry mouth in persons with primary sjogren syndrome (pss).
she had hyperglobulinemia, positive ana, ssa, and ssb and an abnormal shirmer test leading to a diagnosis of primary sjogren syndrome.
"'primary sjogren syndrome (pss) is a fairly common autoimmune disease with glandular and extraglandular manifestations.
"'sjogren-larsson syndrome is a rare disorder that consists of congenital ichthyosis and neurological symptoms due to an enzymatic defect of fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase in the fatty alcohol cycle.
we report three cases of sjogren-larsson syndrome in which the primary biochemical defect was established in two patients (patient 2: 175 pmol/min/mg; patient 3: 103 pmol/min/mg protein enzimatic activity in fibroblasts in skin, while normal controls were 8,860 +/- 1,624, n: 22 ).
"\"sjogren's syndrome (ss) is a systemic autoimmune disease characterized by chronic inflammation of salivary and lachrymal glands, and frequently accompanied by systemic symptoms.
pertinent investigations, including elevated titers of antinuclear antibody and rheumatoid factor, positive anti-ro antibody, low serum c3 and c4 levels, and delayed saliva excretion on salivary scintigraphy suggested sjogren syndrome.
extraglandular involvement with distal renal tubular acidosis preceding the typical sicca syndrome may induce hypokalemic paralysis and unveil sjogren syndrome in elderly males.'"
we found nine distinct mutations that would disrupt the sil1 protein in individuals with marinesco-sjogren syndrome, an autosomal recessive cerebellar ataxia complicated by cataracts, developmental delay and myopathy.
identification of sil1 mutations implicates marinesco-sjogren syndrome as a disease of endoplasmic reticulum dysfunction and suggests a role for this organelle in multisystem disorders.'"
"'we identified the gene underlying marinesco-sjogren syndrome, which is characterized by cerebellar ataxia, progressive myopathy and cataracts.
these data, together with the similar spatial and temporal patterns of tissue expression of sil1 and hspa5, suggest that disturbed sil1-hspa5 interaction and protein folding is the primary pathology in marinesco-sjogren syndrome.'"
"\"the authors describe a case of a drug-associated hyperammonemia, central pontine myelinolysis and coma occurring in a patient with sjogren's syndrome chronically treated with valproic acid for an underlying psychotic disorder.
"'a 53-year-old patient with long-standing primary sjogren syndrome presented with acute renal failure and nephrotic syndrome caused by secondary (aa) renal amyloidosis.
to our knowledge, this is the first report of a patient with primary sjogren syndrome and secondary (aa) amyloidosis with amyloid deposition in the kidneys causing nephrotic syndrome.'"
"'sjogren syndrome is a systemic autoimmune disease that involves the kidney as well as other organs.
the authors report a case of sjogren related acute interstitial nephritis (ain) with prominent neutrophilic infiltration in the interstitium.
this is the first case describing predominance of neutrophilic infiltration in ain associated with sjogren syndrome.'"
"'marinesco-sjogren syndrome (mss) is an autosomal recessive multiorgan disorder with clinical and genetic heterogeneity.
"'the aim of this study was to evaluate the efficacy and safety of mycophenolate sodium (mps) in patients with primary sjogren syndrome (pss) refractory to other immunosuppressive agents.
abnormally high t2 signal intensity areas on mr sialography and decreased uptake and delayed excretion of [(99m)tc]pertechnetate on salivary gland scintigraphy were well seen in patients with sjogren syndrome.
for the diagnosis of sjogren syndrome, salivary gland scintigraphy showed higher sensitivity than mr sialography.
"\"the authors present the case of a 5 years old child, who was diagnosed 3 years ago with marinesco-sjogren syndrome, consisting of: congenital cataracts, secondary convergent strabismus, cerebellar ataxia, retarded somatic and mental maturation.
this case-control study sought to investigate whether ctla-4 ct60 and/or +49a/g polymorphisms were involved in the genetic predisposition to primary sjogren syndrome (pss).
"'we report a 72-year-old female case of igg-kappa type multiple myeloma (mm) simultaneously complicated with sjogren syndrome (ss).
the history of the patient revealed primary sjogren syndrome.
the combination of amyloid deposition in the breast and sjogren's syndrome has only rarely been reported.\""
"'tumor necrosis factor alpha (tnfalpha) blockade has recently been found to be ineffective in treating glandular and extraglandular manifestations of adult sjogren syndrome (ss), including arthralgia and arthritis.
to emphasize the clinical importance of the ophthalmological features of the sjogren-larsson syndrome.
"'autoantibodies that inhibit m3 muscarinic receptor (m3r)-mediated neurotransmission and cause bladder and bowel dysfunction have been reported in patients with sjogren syndrome and belong to a family of functional autoantibodies that includes the thyroid-stimulating hormone receptor antibody present in graves disease.
three patients with primary sjogren syndrome, dermatomyositis, and celiac disease, respectively, all of whom had anti-m3r activity on a functional bladder contractile assay, were provided a single course of ivig at a dose of 400 mg/kg per day for 5 days.
it can occur as a idiopathic disease however most frequently associated with other diseases, particularly sjogren syndrome.
we present a 58 years old woman, with primary sjogren syndrome who developed after 7 years interstitial lung disease.
for the diagnosis of sjogren syndrome and fibromyalgia rheumatica, the modified european and american college of rheumatology criteria were used, respectively.
lip biopsies were obtained in 52 patients with sjogren syndrome.
in 27% of patients with sjogren syndrome, scintigraphy was normal, in 27% it had mild alterations and in 46%, severe alterations.
"'we report a 60-year-old man with chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy (cidp) accompanying systemic lupus erythematosus (sle) and sjogren syndrome (ss).
"'gougerot-sjogren syndrome (gss) is a chronic heterogeneous non-organ-specific autoimmune disease, encompassing a wide spectrum of clinical manifestations.
our diagnosis was sjogren syndrome accompanied by sclerosing cholangitis and a pancreatic lesion.
histological examination of the minor salivary gland suggested sjogren syndrome.
signs of severe sicca syndrome observed in the oral cavity and in the eyes were compatible with signs of sjogren syndrome.
case 2: a 57-year-old woman was diagnosed with pbc and sjogren syndrome.
two patients with sjogren's syndrome showed total corneal keratinization.
clinical and laboratory tests did not show significant differences between sjogren's syndrome patients group and keratoconjunctivitis group.
"'sjogren syndrome (ss) and systemic lupus erythematosus (sle) are both collagen vascular diseases that can be accompanied by ro antibodies.
"'sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) is an inherited neurocutaneous disease caused by mutations in the aldh3a2 gene that codes for fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase (faldh), an enzyme involved in lipid metabolism.
"\"we report a case of primary sjogren's syndrome (ssj\u00f6 with cutaneous leukocytoclastic vasculitis.
"'this case report describes a patient with sjogren syndrome (ss) whose sole presenting feature was bilateral and painful submandibular gland enlargement.
"'of 20 consecutive patients with sjogren neuropathy, 16 (80%) presented with burning feet and 12 (60%) with non-length-dependent sensory symptoms.
"'sjogren-larsson syndrome is an autosomal recessive disorder characterized by congenital ichthyosis, spastic di- or tetraplegia and mental retardation.
in 1994 sjogren-larsson syndrome was mapped to chromosome 17, close to the genetic marker d17s805 in a study of 24 swedish families.
we have analysed 12 microsatellite markers in 10 additional non-swedish families with sjogren-larsson syndrome originating from germany, lebanon, spain and canada.
the results are consistent with earlier data and give further evidence of sjogren-larsson syndrome being a homogeneous disorder.
swedish soldiers were bivouacking in germany during the 30-year war in the 17th century and it has been suggested that they could have introduced the sjogren-larsson syndrome gene to the german population.
haplotypes from 7 german families with sjogren-larsson syndrome were compared with earlier analysed swedish haplotypes.
no evidence of all german patients carrying the same mutation or the major \"swedish sjogren-larsson syndrome gene\" was found.'"
labial biopsy led to a diagnosis of primary sjogren's syndrome (psjs).
however, we found a statistically significant association between the presence of acast-c27 and that of secondary sjogren syndrome (p = 0.01).
the association observed between acast-c27 and secondary sjogren syndrome suggests that acast-c27 might be useful in discriminating a clinical subgroup of sle patients.'"
twelve female patients with sjogren syndrome (ss) and 14 healthy women were enrolled.
"'we conducted the current study to analyze the prevalence and clinical significance of circulating monoclonal immunoglobulins in patients with sjogren syndrome (ss), focusing on the association with extraglandular features, immunologic markers, hematologic neoplasia, and hepatitis c virus (hcv) infection.
"'sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) is an autosomal recessively inherited neurocutaneous disorder caused by a deficiency of the microsomal enzyme fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase (faldh).
"\"a 49-year-old woman with primary sjogren's syndrome a few years previously was admitted to our hospital complaining of tongue and skin eruptions, swelling of the face and neck and for examination of liver injury and hypereosinophilia.
this was a rare case of sjogren's syndrome accompanied by pathological findings of multicentric castleman' s disease showed multiple nodular opacities in chest ct scans.\""
"'we describe a 4-year-old boy with sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls).
"'to define the clinical and immunologic pattern of expression of sjogren syndrome (ss) associated with chronic hepatitis c virus (hcv) infection, we conducted a multicenter study aiming to collect a large number of patients with ss and hcv infection.
"'marinesco-sjogren syndrome (mss) is a rare, autosomal recessive disorder comprising cataracts, cerebellar ataxia caused by cerebellar hypoplasia, mild to moderate mental retardation, neuromuscular weakness, short stature, hypergonadotrophic hypogonadism, and skeletal anomalies.
"'primary sjogren syndrome is an autoimmune disease that mainly affects exocrine glands such as the salivary and lacrimal glands.
primary sjogren syndrome is of particular interest to ophthalmologists as it constitutes an important differential diagnosis in conditions with dry eye disease.
in addition, ocular tests for more precisely diagnosing and monitoring primary sjogren syndrome have become increasingly important, and new therapeutics for local and systemic treatment evolve as a result of increased understanding of immunological mechanisms and molecular pathways in the pathogenesis of primary sjogren syndrome.
we evaluated the safety and efficacy of cevimeline in the treatment of xerostomia in patients with sjogren syndrome.
use of 30 mg of cevimeline provides a new option for the treatment of xerostomia in sjogren syndrome.
"'we demonstrated the presence of circulating antibodies from sjogren syndrome (ss) patients enable to interact with rat cerebral frontal cortex by activating muscarinic acetylcholine receptors (machrs).
"'we describe a 36-year-old woman who had sjogren syndrome with anti-ribosomal p antibodies and who developed erythema on her back and arms.
results of the schirmer test, rose-bengal test and a gum test all supported the diagnosis that she had also sjogren syndrome.
watch and wait should be emphasized for a patient having a palate maltoma at an early stage accompanied by sjogren syndrome.'"
"\"isolated congenital heart block may be associated with primary sjogren syndrome.
in this work we describe circulating antibodies in the sera of primary sjogren syndrome patients that are able to interact with neonatal myocardium by activating muscarinic acetylcholine receptors of m1 subtype.
we report on the presence of autoantibodies against the second extracellular loop of human m1 muscarinic acetylcholine receptors in primary sjogren syndrome mothers whose children have congenital heart block using a synthetic peptide in indirect immunofluorescence technique.
autoantibodies from primary sjogren syndrome patients gave positive image on neonatal atria but not on adult atria slices.
the primary sjogren syndrome-immunoglobulin g also displayed an 'agonist like' activity modifying the intracellular events associated with muscarinic acetylcholine receptor activation.
it could be concluded that antibodies against neonatal m1 muscarinic acetylcholine receptor may be another serum factor to be considered in the pathophysiology of the development of congenital heart block associated with primary sjogren syndrome mothers.\""
"'a case of a 70 year old woman with acute urinary retention and primary sjogren-syndrome is presented.
she was diagnosed as primary biliary cirrhosis (pbc) associated with subclinical sjogren syndrome (sjs).
"'sjogren-larsson syndrome is a rare autosomal disorder which occurs with 100% penetrance and is classically characterized by ichthyosis, spasticity and mental handicap.
"'neurologic involvement occurs in approximately 20% of patients with primary sjogren syndrome (ss).
"'sjogren syndrome is a chronic systemic disease characterized by polyglandular tissue destruction leading to keratoconjunctivitis sicca (kcs) and xerostomia.
patients with primary sjogren syndrome show evidence of kcs and xerostomia, whereas patients with secondary sjogren syndrome suffer from kcs, xerostomia, and an autoimmune disease, most commonly rheumatoid arthritis.
understanding the factors involved in the immune dysregulation may improve our diagnostic and therapeutic approaches in sjogren syndrome.
"'sjogren syndrome (ss) is a common autoimmune disease evidenced by broad organ-specific and systemic manifestations, the most prevalent being diminished lacrimal and salivary gland function, xerostomia, keratoconjunctivitis sicca, and parotid gland enlargement.
"'a female patient presented with acral scleroderma, sjogren syndrome, antibodies specific for primary biliary cirrhosis and clinical as well as histological features of lichen planus and subacute lupus erythematosus.
pfts were normal in the primary sjogren syndrome patients as well as the healthy subjects.
air trapping was found more frequently in patients with primary sjogren syndrome than in the healthy group.
"'previous studies have demonstrated that antibodies against muscarinic acetylcholine receptors (machrs) from exocrine glands, correlates with sjogren syndrome (ss) in the majority of patients.
"'in sjogren syndrome, purpura is one of its various well known eruptions.
we experienced a case involving a female patient with primary sjogren syndrome showing repeated purpura on the legs, and examined her blood viscosity and histopathology.
this girl developed sjogren syndrome and was admitted to our hospital at 12-years-old.
"'two cases of sjogren-larsson syndrome are discussed along with a review of the literature.
"'we present 5 new cases of coexisting sarcoidosis and sjogren syndrome (ss) and review the literature for additional cases in order to analyze the clinical, immunologic, and histologic characteristics that may help physicians differentiate the mimicry of ss by sarcoidosis from a true coexistence of both autoimmune diseases.
"'to analyze the different clinical and histologic types of cutaneous vasculitis in patients with primary sjogren syndrome (ss), we investigated the clinical and immunologic characteristics of 558 consecutive patients with primary ss from our units and selected those with clinical evidence of cutaneous lesions, excluding drug reactions and xeroderma.
no autoantibodies indicating systemic lupus erythematosus, sjogren syndrome, or anti-phospholipid syndrome were elevated except for antinuclear antibody.
biopsy of the minor salivary gland showed sialadenitis with infiltration of mononuclear cells, suggesting subclinical sjogren syndrome.
"'a deficit of fatty alcohol:nad+ oxidoreductase complex (fao) activity has been detected in patients with the sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls).
"'marinesco-sjogren syndrome (mss), first described in 1931, is an autosomal recessive condition characterised by somatic and mental retardation, congenital cataracts and cerebellar ataxia.
the patient was diagnosed as having cns-ss because of the presence of sicca symptoms, abnormal serological test results, and salivary gland biopsy results, which fulfilled san diego criteria for \"definite\" sjogren syndrome.
biopsy and scintigraphy of the minor salivary glands confirmed the presence of sjogren syndrome.
"'in 6 patients with sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls), the urinary excretion of leukotriene b(4) (ltb(4)) and omega-hydroxy-ltb(4) was found to be highly elevated, whereas omega-carboxy-ltb(4) was absent.
"\"to verify the greater prevalence of circulating thyroid hormone autoantibodies (thab) in primary sjogren syndrome (ss) vs hashimoto's thyroiditis (ht) and graves' disease (gd), we measured thab in the serum of patients with these 3 diseases who were sampled from 1998-1999 (no.=20, 88, 25) and 1990-1992 (no.=13, 75, 31).
the majority of the sjogren or arthritis cases positive for thab were negative for tgab, while the opposite was true for the 2 autoimmune thyroid diseases.
"'two patients with marinesco-sjogren syndrome had striking orthopaedic abnormalities that seemed to arise from multiple areas of physeal growth arrest.
marinesco-sjogren syndrome seems to arise from an error in lysosomal handling of lipids.
"'the sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) is a severe neurocutaneous disorder due to fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase (faldh) deficiency.
"'sjogren syndrome (ss) in childhood is a rare and possibly underdiagnosed condition.
in humans, mutations in the faldh gene cause sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls), which is characterized by ichthyosis, mental retardation and spasticity.
with all of this information, the clinicians established, or did not establish, a diagnosis of primary sjogren syndrome or secondary sjogren syndrome.
finally, it was analysed whether or not the patients met the american european consensus group classification criteria and the preliminary european criteria for primary sjogren syndrome and secondary sjogren syndrome, and their sensitivity and specificity with respect to the clinical diagnosis were determined.
the specificity and sensitivity of american european consensus group criteria, with regard to the clinical diagnosis, for primary sjogren syndrome were 97.2% and 48.6%, respectively.
for secondary sjogren syndrome, the specificity was 97.2% and the sensitivity 64.7%.
the preliminary european criteria for primary sjogren syndrome demonstrated a lesser specificity (75%), but a higher sensitivity (65.7%).
in secondary sjogren syndrome the specificity reached 97.2% with sensitivity at 70.6%.
to determine whether microsomal fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase (faldh) is responsible, we investigated the metabolism of 1-o-[9, 10-(3)h-octadecyl]-glycerol ([(3)h]og) in faldh-deficient cultured cells from patients with sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) and in mutant chinese hamster ovary (cho) cells.
the occurrence of sjogren syndrome with ra makes it course worse and increases high morbidity and mortality of ra.
we investigated the presence of serum amyloid a (saa), marker of secondary amyloidosis, in salivary glands of patients (pts) with sjogren syndrome (ss) and correlated it to biohumoral parameters.
"'the authors studied 37 consecutive patients with primary sjogren syndrome and normal chest radiographs.
high resolution ct and pfts appear to be sensitive for both the early detection of parenchymal abnormalities and a decreases in lung function in asymptomatic patients with primary sjogren syndrome.
"'systemic lupus erythematosus and sjogren syndrome remain elusive in the description of their underlying etiologic causes and pathogenic mechanisms.
over the past few years additional information has been published concerning roles of various infectious agents in both lupus and sjogren syndrome.
"'two women with primary sjogren syndrome underwent computed tomography (ct) and magnetic resonance (mr) imaging because of bilateral lacrimal gland enlargement.
"'we report here a patient with mucosa associated lymphoid tissue (malt)-lymphoma of the breast complicated with sjogren syndrome.
it is speculated that ga-67 could accumulate not only in lymphoma lesions but also in benign lymphoproliferative locations of sjogren syndrome.
gallium-67 scintigraphy might be useful for the diagnosis and therapeutic monitoring of malt-lymphoma complicated with sjogren syndrome.'"
five healthy control subjects and 51 patients with definite sjogren syndrome (43 with primary disease and eight with secondary disease) were examined with mr sialography.
the findings of mr sialography were compared with the results of labial gland biopsy to determine the effectiveness of the technique in the diagnosis and staging of sjogren syndrome.
in patients with sjogren syndrome, a punctate, globular, cavitary, or destructive appearance was well seen within the parotid glands.
"'autonomic failure is rare in patients with sjogren syndrome (ss).
"\"this comprehensive study was carried out to describe and analyze the oral health status, perceived oral health problems, patients' costs, and oral health behavior in a group of patients with primary sjogren syndrome (pss).
in particular, the objective of this report was to assess whether sjogren syndrome patients had more dental caries experience than a control group.
"'saliva iga autoantibodies against m(3) muscarinic acetylcholine receptors (machrs) could be a new marker for the diagnosis for sjogren syndrome (ss) dry mouth.
nine of the 14 patients who had the sjogren syndrome and sensorineural hearing loss (64% [ci, 36% to 87%]) had anticardiolipin antibodies compared with only 3 controls (18% [ci, 4% to 45%]) (p = 0.02).
"\"sjogren's syndrome is an auto-immune disease resulting in, among other problems, serious eye and mouth dryness.
the purpose of this study was to evaluate the symptoms and salivary gland function of sjogren's syndrome patients, in order to gain insight in the possible progression of the disease.
"'primary sjogren syndrome is a chronic autoimmune disease characterized by exocrine gland dysfunction.
here we present evidence of the activation of nitric oxide signaling cascade by circulating antibodies of patients with sjogren syndrome in rat submandibular glands.
constitutive nitric oxide synthase and cyclic gmp levels are modulated by sjogren iggs through the activation of muscarinic acetylcholine receptors on the glands.
we conclude that sjogren syndrome antibodies can activate nitric oxide signaling in submandibular glands by interacting with muscarinic acetylcholine receptors.'"
"'we report here a combination of rare neurological manifestations of primary sjogren syndrome (ss), such as motor-dominant motor weakness of peripheral origin, cerebellar ataxia and depression, in a japanese female patient.
"'sjogren syndrome (ss) is an inflammatory disease of the exocrine glands.
"'abstract the condition of a 29-year-old woman with primary sjogren syndrome (ss) was complicated by amyloid light chains- (al-) type amyloidosis in the paranasal sinus.
"'sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) is an autosomal recessive disorder characterized by ichthyosis, mental retardation, spasticity, and deficient activity of fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase (faldh).
"'sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) is a rare, autosomal recessive disorder characterized by ichthyosis, spastic diplegia and mental retardation.
"\"a 39 year old women with a primary sjogren syndrome (pss) had bilateral and multiple nephrolithiasis and nephrocalcinosis due to distal renal tubular acidosis (drta), hypercalciuria and hypocitraturia.
both the sensitivity and the specificity of mr sialography in the diagnosis of sjogren syndrome were 100%.
"'the sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) is a neurocutaneous disorder, caused by deficient activity of the microsomal enzyme fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase (faldh).
we explored the prevalence of the following autoimmune disorders: insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus [iddm], psoriasis, sjogren syndrome, coeliac disease, systemic lupus erythematosus [sle], primary sclerosis cholangitis [psc] and autoimmune thyroiditis, among all ibd patients vs non-ibd controls.
adjusted for confounding variables, anti-tumour necrosis factor [anti-tnf] medications were associated with a higher prevalence of psoriasis (54 [5.7%] in ibd vs 177 [4.1%] in controls; or = 1.50 [1.07-2.08]; p < 0.05) but lower prevalence of sjogren (1 [0.1%] vs 39 [0.9%]; or [95% ci] = 0.13 [0.02-0.94]; p < 0.05) and coeliac disease (11 [1.2%] vs 68 [1.6%]; or [95% ci] = 0.51 [0.27-0.99]; p < 0.05).
anti-tnf users have a higher prevalence of psoriasis, and lower prevalence of sjogren and coeliac disease.
"'a 57-year-old woman was diagnosed as having monoclonal igg kappa gammopathy of undetermined significance with sjogren syndrome.
"\"we performed single-voxel proton mr spectroscopy (1h-mrs) in two children with sjogren-larsson's syndrome (sls).
"'sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) is a rare disorder with autosomal recessive inheritance.
the findings obtained from 33 women with sjogren syndrome and 67 subjects in the control group were compared.
the prevalence of normal cytology in patients with sjogren syndrome was 93.9% (n = 31), where 6.1% (n = 2) of the women had suspicious cervical cytology findings.
hpv-dna findings of patients with sjogren syndrome were positive in one women (3%) and negative in 32 (97%).
normal colposcopic findings were observed in 32 women (97%) with sjogren syndrome, while pathological findings were recorded in one woman (3%).
suspicious cervical cytology, positive findings at colposcopic examination and biopsy and positive hpv-dna tests were observed together in only one 40-year-old woman who was diagnosed with sjogren syndrome for a period of four years.
prevalence of dyspareunia and vaginal dryness (atrophic vaginitis) symptoms were observed in sjogren syndrome and control groups as 36.3% and 22.3%, respectively.
a higher prevalence of dyspareunia and vaginal dryness were observed in patients with sjogren syndrome, yet this difference was not considered as significant with respect to either colposcopic or histopathological findings.
genetic deficiency of faldh/fao in patients with sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) results in accumulation of fatty aldehydes, fatty alcohols and related lipids (ether glycerolipids, wax esters) in cultured keratinocytes.
"'this study evaluates the potential role of high resolution sonography and color doppler sonography in the evaluation of the lacrimal glands in sjogren syndrome.
we examined 15 women (age range, 52-73 years) affected by sjogren syndrome and 15 women with no history and signs of lacrimal disease (age range, 47-75 years).
"'intensive lymphoplasmocytic infiltration with atrophy of glandular tissue structures is the dominant patohistological feature found in exocrine glands of patients with sjogren syndrome (ss).
"'certain autoimmune disorders, including sjogren syndrome (ss) and systemic lupus erythematosus (sle), are characterized by autoantibodies against the ro/ssa and la/ssb cellular antigens.
"'complications observed in adulthood sjogren syndrome also occur in the childhood disease and suggest that sjogren syndrome should be considered as a cause of neuropathy in children.
"'sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) is an inherited disorder associated with deficient oxidation of long-chain aliphatic alcohols.
"'primary sjogren syndrome (pss) is an autoimmune disease characterized by progressive destruction of the exocrine glands leading to mucosal and conjunctival dryness.
in the biopsy of patients with sjogren's syndrome, the acini were destroyed and only few excretory ducts were seen.
"\"sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) is a rare autosomal recessively inherited disorder characterised by mental retardation, spasticity and ichthyosis.
therefore, the patient was diagnosed with primary sjogren syndrome with interstitial lung disease.
we propose that deficient activity of the fatty alcohol:nad+ dehydrogenase complex be considered part of the definition of the sjogren-larsson syndrome that would also include the probable, but not absolute, presence of ichthyosis, mental retardation, and spasticity.
"'we report on 2 brothers (aged 19 and 12 years) with marinesco-sjogren syndrome who also had very low serum vitamin e concentrations with an absence of postprandial chylomicrons.
we speculate that both chylomicron retention disease and marinesco-sjogren syndrome are related to defects in a gene crucial for the assembly or secretion of the chylomicron particles, leading to very low serum levels of vitamin e.'"
"\"we describe the case of a 61-year-old woman diagnosed with primary sjogren's syndrome (ss) after an 8-year history of iga nephropathy and a 3-year history of recurrent purpuric rashes.
to verify it, authors investigated 24 healthy people and 11 patients with sjogren's syndrome (ss).
furthermore, this change was characteristic of sjogren syndrome, and the severity of fat deposition correlated well with the impaired rates of salivary flow in these patients.
they are in the majority of cases associated with primary sjogren syndrome (ss) but also in systemic lupus erythematosus (sle), rheumatoid arthritis (ra), and in healthy people.
maternal age was 35.22\\xa0\u00b1\\xa03.42\\xa0years and most of them were either sle (n\\xa0=\\xa016, 40%) or sjogren syndrome (n\\xa0=\\xa015, 37.5%).
the rate of small for gestational age (sga) infants was 31.3% for sle patients (5/16), 13.3% for sjogren syndrome (2/15), and 12.5% for asymptomatic women (1/8).
"\"secondary sjogren's syndrome is due to another disease.
whether or not it qualifies for sjogren's syndrome is debated.
the most common sjogren's syndrome is found in rheumatoid arthritis.
when a secondary sjogren's syndrome is an early complication of rheumatoid arthritis, it could be confused with a primary syndrome with prominent joint involvement.
in systemic lupus erythematosus, secondary sjogren's syndrome develops rarely in the first years of evolution but later in life, when the patient becomes menopausal.
often precede a true primary sjogren dysfunctions of the thyroid.\""
laboratory investigations, measurement of saliva production, parotid sialography, labial salivary gland biopsy, revealed sjogren's syndrome without associated disease.
the onset of parotid swelling at five years or over deserves screening for dysimmune disorders, sarcoidosis or sjogren's syndrome.
"'sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) was originally described as a triad of spasticity, mental retardation and congenital ichthyosis.
in 1992, a possible relationship between sjogren syndrome (ss) and patients with hcv infection was first postulated.
"'sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) is a rare, autosomal recessive disorder characterized by congenital ichthyosis, mental retardation, and spastic diplegia or tetraplegia.
"\"sjogren's syndrome may be accompanied by a dysregulation of iga system implying the presence of increased serum polymeric iga or circulating immune complexes and their consequent deposition within the kidney.
glomerular involvement and primary sjogren's syndrome has been described previously only in isolated case reports, membranous nephropathy and membranoproliferative glomerulonephritis have been reported.
we have not found any case of minimal change disease and glomerular iga deposition associated with sjogren's syndrome.
"'sjogren-larsson syndrome is a rare autosomal recessive neurocutaneous disorder in which the combination of spasticity, ichthyosis, and mental retardation commonly result in patients being wheelchair bound.
we reviewed a cohort of children with sjogren-larsson syndrome who were successfully managed with early physiotherapy and later soft-tissue surgery.
inhibition or defects in these enzymes, s1pl or faldh, result in severe immunological disorders or the sjogren-larsson syndrome, respectively.
thus, our method provides new insights into the sphingolipid metabolism and will be useful to investigate diseases known for abnormalities in long-chain fatty acid metabolism, e.g., the sjogren-larsson syndrome, in more detail. '"
"'sjogren syndrome (ss), the second most common autoimmune rheumatic disease, refers to keratoconjunctivitis sicca and xerostomia resulting from immune lymphocytes that infiltrate the lacrimal and salivary glands.
"'the purpose of this investigation was to evaluate the outcome of treatment with implant-retained prostheses in patients suffering from sjogren syndrome.
eight women were included in the study; all had suffered oral symptoms of sjogren syndrome for many years.
"'clinically significant renal involvement in patients with primary sjogren syndrome (pss) has been described previously only in isolated case reports.
"'sjogren syndrome is a chronic autoimmune disease that typically affects the salivary and lacrimal glands.
aside from the common glandular signs and symptoms, sjogren syndrome may also cause mononuclear infiltration and immune complex deposition involving extraglandular sites producing several extraglandular manifestations (egm).
this article examines the ways that egms may present in patients with primary sjogren syndrome.
the focus is on the more prevalent and significant egms including involvement of the nervous system, pulmonary manifestations, vasculitis associated with primary sjogren syndrome, and arthropathy. '"
"'abstract a 33-year-old japanese woman was diagnosed with primary sjogren syndrome (ss) in 1995.
"'sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) is an autosomal recessive disorder characterized by congenital ichthyosis, mental retardation, and spastic diplegia or tetraplegia.
"\"abstract we report a case of a 62-year-old female patient with sjogren syndrome (ss) who developed multiple myeloma (mm) of the iga \u03ba-type.
in this case report, we describe a 36-year-old woman with an 11-year history of sjogren syndrome who was found to have a thymic maltoma coexisting with a gastric maltoma.
"'it is not clear, whether the so-called basal cells of the salivary striated ducts are an independent cell-type distinct from myoepithelial cells, making characterization of the cell proliferation typical of the duct lesions in sjogren-type sialadenitis/benign lymphoepithelial lesion (blel) difficult.
the often postulated participation of myoepithelial cells in duct lesions of sjogren disease/blel cannot be supported.
"'it is known that aly/nsc jcl-aly/aly (aly/aly) mice that congenitally lack lymph nodes fall victim to sjogren syndrome as a function of age.
these results suggest that (i) inflammatory lymphocytes that evoke sjogren syndrome in aly/aly mice are nk cells or tcrint cells (both nk1.1(+) and nk1.1(-) subsets) and (ii) tcrint cells in the salivary glands might be generated in situ.'"
the biopsy of salivary glands showed infiltration of lymphocytes around the ducts, and shirmer test revealed slightly decreased secretion of tears, suggesting subclinical sjogren syndrome.\""
fourteen years later an authentic sjogren's syndrome was identified with presence of antinuclear and anti-ssa antibodies and lymphocytes infiltration of the accessory salivary glands, i.e.
autoimmune tests revealed sjogren syndrome as the underlying cause of the distal renal tubular acidosis.
this dramatic presentation of sjogren syndrome has not previously been reported in an elderly man.'"
"'we studied 160 consecutive patients (147 female and 13 male) with primary sjogren syndrome (ss) to determine the prevalence and clinical significance of thyroid disease in a large series of patients with primary ss from our unit and to compare the prevalence and significance with those in 75 individuals without ss from a primary care center.
"\"a case of hashimoto's thyroiditis associated with incomplete sjogren's syndrome is revised.
previous publications express that autoimmune thyroid dysfunction is frequently associated with primary sjogren's syndrome and should be sought clinically and by laboratory test in all these patients.\""
the work up revealed a sjogren's syndrome and a breast carcinoma.
the presence of anti-hu antibodies, identified by western blot using purified recombinant hud protein, and the absence of the hu antigen in the breast carcinoma ruled out the responsibility of the sjogren's syndrome or breast carcinoma.
although fetal skin biopsy has permitted prenatal diagnosis of sjogren-larsson syndrome in the late second trimester, it is accompanied by substantial risks, including fetal loss, premature labor, and detection at a gestational age close to the legal limit for pregnancy termination in most states.
a new technique involving biochemical assay of cultured amniocytes for reduced levels of fatty alcohol:oxidized nicotinamide-adenine dinucleotide (nad+)-oxidoreductase may allow earlier and less invasive detection of sjogren-larsson syndrome.
histologic examination of the specimen revealed no evidence of sjogren-larsson syndrome.
additional fetal skin biopsies were obtained at 23.5 weeks' gestation, and histologic examination was positive for sjogren-larsson syndrome.
this new technique may allow earlier diagnosis of sjogren-larsson syndrome, is less invasive, and may be less psychologically traumatic for the patient if she elects to terminate the pregnancy.
it was diagnosed as primary sjogren's syndrome (pss) and the patient treated with salivary substitutes, artificial tears and corticoids.
we analyse the current diagnostic criteria of the group of study of the european community for the sjogren's syndrome (ss) and emphasize the importance of histologic and immunochemical studies, that together with the rest of complementary tests will led us to distinguish not only the different forms of the presentation of the illness but also those of all patients with pathologies which are nowadays very prevalent in our environment, such as the hepatitis c (hcv) an the human immune deficiency (hiv) virus infections.\""
"\"in spite of all recent years' international meetings, the question of diagnostic criteria of primary sjogren's syndrome (pss) is still under debate.
"\"sjogren's syndrome presents as an autoimmune exocrinopathy, and the term autoimmune epitheliitis has recently been coined.
epithelial cells are endowed with a key-part in the play, inasmuch as they gather together most of the sjogren's syndrome-specific target autoantigens within apoptotic bodies, and possess all the characteristics of antigen presenting cells.
in patients who received ppi, the autoimmune disease with significantly higher incidence was sjogren syndrome (sjs) (adjusted hr [ahr] 1.82, 95% ci, 1.02-3.27) and rheumatoid arthritis (ra) (ahr, 2.19, 95% ci, 1.19-4.01).
older age or cumulative ppi use was significantly associated with sad, and the highest incidence was sjs and ra among gastric disease patients who received ppi.key points\u2022 this nationwide long-term cohort study found ppi users to be associated with an increased risk of rheumatoid arthritis and sjogren syndrome in taiwan.\u2022 this finding may help with clinical risk evaluation and will inform further investigation of the pathogenesis between autoimmune diseases and ppi use.
the lack of a dry syndrome, the negativity of a schirmer test and the lack of sialadenitis on a salivary gland biopsy excluded an associated gougerot-sjogren syndrome.
"'sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) is an inherited neurocutaneous disorder characterized by ichthyosis, mental retardation, spasticity, and deficient activity of fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase (faldh).
il-6 level was significantly increased in tears of patients with sjogren syndrome compared with those with non-sjogren syndrome (p < 0.01).
there was no significant difference in tnf-alpha level between patients with non-sjogren and sjogren syndrome.
immunohistochemical staining showed positive staining for il-6 in specimens from patients with dry eye, especially in specimens from patients with sjogren syndrome.
"'the therapeutic management of sjogren syndrome (sjs) has not changed substantially in recent decades: treatment decisions remain challenging in clinical practice, without a specific therapeutic target beyond the relief of symptoms as the most important goal.
fdc in labial salivary glands of patients with primary sjogren syndrome expressed cd35, cd11c, and cd106 (vcam-1) in a pattern similar to fdc in tonsils, but they did not express either cd14 or cd11b.
"'an autopsy case of sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls), an 8-year-old boy, is presented with neuropathological investigations.
"'sjogren syndrome (ss) is a chronic inflammatory process involving the exocrine glands.
a malt lymphoma of the parotid gland in a patient with sjogren syndrome is reported.
this case illustrates an uncommon complication of sjogren's syndrome, compared with the usual tubulointerstitial disorders.
"'<b>objectives:</b> to review the therapeutic option of rituximab, a chimeric anti-cd20 antibody, in systemic autoimmune rheumatic diseases (sards) such as systemic lupus erythematosus, systemic sclerosis, primary sjogren syndrome and idiopathic inflammatory myopathy.
evidence supports the use of rituximab in moderate-to-severe refractory systemic lupus erythematosus, diffuse skin involvement in systemic sclerosis and systemic involvement in primary sjogren syndrome.
"\"autonomic failure and proximal skeletal myopathy are rare features of the sjogren syndrome (ss).
"'sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) is an autosomal recessive disorder characterized by congenital ichthyosis, spastic di- or tetraplegia, and mental retardation.
there are 7 case reports with the combination of htlv-1-associated myelopathy, sjogren syndrome, and lymphocytic pneumonitis, all of them in endemic areas for htlv-1.
increased levels of ssa, positive results on a schirmer test, and the findings of biopsy of the minor salivary gland were consistent with sjogren syndrome.
"\"oral candidiasis is common among patients with sjogren's syndrome.
"\"annular erythema has been recognised as a cutaneous manifestation of sjogren's syndrome in the asian literature and has been assumed to represent a distinct clinical entity.
clinical, histopathological, and immunogenetic findings are discussed reviewing the current literature, and the differences between annular erythema associated with sjogren's syndrome and cutaneous lupus erythematosus are emphasized.\""
"'four children from two families with characteristics of marinesco-sjogren syndrome (congenital cataract, ataxia) are presented.
in conclusion, acute rhabdomyolysis can occur as a neuromuscular complication of marinesco-sjogren syndrome.'"
"'brain abnormalities were described in a patient who had experienced sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) with typical clinical signs.
"'the present knowledge about sjogren classification, diagnosis, therapy and its prognosis is reviewed.
"\"sjogren's syndrome is characterized by an increased risk of developing non-hodgkin's lymphoma.
conversely, underlying sjogren's syndrome has been recently identified by some authors in patients with non-hodgkin's lymphoma.
in the present report, we present three cases of sjogren's syndrome disclosed by low-grade salivary gland malt lymphoma.
using the european criteria, all of our patients had certain sjogren's syndrome.
the latter condition is likely related to ganglionitis, a mechanism responsible for peripheral nervous system involvement in primary sjogren syndrome.
"'the sjogren syndrome has been diagnosed in patients with htlv-1 associated myelopathy and dry mouth and dry eyes are documented in htlv-1 carriers.
however the diagnosis of sjogren syndrome in these subjects has been contested.
of the 272 participants, 59 (21.7%) had sicca syndrome and in all of them anti-sjogren syndrome related antigen a (ssa) and antigen b (ssb) were negatives.
our data indicates that patients with sicca syndrome associated with htlv-1 do not have sjogren syndrome.
"'marinesco-sjogren syndrome is a rare autosomal recessive disorder characterized by cerebellar atrophy, ataxia, cataracts, short stature and varying degrees of mental retardation.
we report the case of a 6-year-old girl affected with marinesco-sjogren syndrome, who developed acute myeloblastic leukemia (aml, m2), and whose karyotype was 46,xx,t(8;21),(q22;q22) in bone marrow blasts.
this is the first report of marinesco-sjogren syndrome associated with malignant disorders.'"
we examined the functions of treg cells by using a murine sjogren syndrome model of nfs/sld mice that underwent neonatal thymectomy.
in addition, in\\xa0vitro induction of peripherally induced treg cells by transforming growth factor-\u03b2 (tgf-\u03b2) using naive t cells from sjogren syndrome model mice was severely impaired.
the mrna expression of tgf-\u03b2 receptor i and ii and smad3 and -4 in the tgf-\u03b2-induced signal transduction pathway of treg cells in this sjogren syndrome model were lower than those of control mice.
in addition, treg cells in this sjogren syndrome model exhibited an interferon-\u03b3-producing th1-like phenotype that resembled effector t cells.
there were 20\\xa0males (42.55\\xa0%) and 27\\xa0females (57.44\\xa0%); treatment indications consisted mainly of 25.53\\xa0% gvh, 21.27\\xa0% severe dry eye disease and 19.14\\xa0% sjogren syndrome.
"\"the occurrence of gougerot-sjogren syndrome in a context of dysthyroidism is not a chance happening, as is reflected by the 37% rate of incidence.
routine labial biopsy, carried out in 59 cases of primary hypothyroidism due to atrophic thyroiditis, 20 of basedow's disease and 4 of hashimoto thyroiditis identified gougerot-sjogren syndrome (3-4 chisholm grade) in 3 of the 59 cases of hypothyroidism i.e.
using kaplan's criteria, the incidence of gougerot-sjogren syndrome rises to 22 percent in hypothyroidism and 30 percent in basedow's disease.
consequently, the incidence of gougerot-sjogren syndrome is higher in basedow disease than in primary hypothyroidism.
gougerot-sjogren syndrome is seen particularly in dysthyroidism involving manifest and all-round clinical signs.
this association does not seem to result from one disease being caused by the other, but the outcome of the onset of entities to which a genetically determined context predisposes the subject, as is shown by the prevalence of hla drw3 and hla b8 groupings in gougerot-sjogren syndrome, in primary hypothyroidism, in basedow's disease and in hashimoto's thyroiditis.\""
there was a history of autoimmune disorder in 41%, with sjogren disease being the most common (83%).
on multivariate analysis, age <60 years and low to intermediate international prognostic index were associated with improved os and pfs; sjogren disease was associated with improved os.
"\"primary sjogren's syndrome complicated with a renal tubular acidosis type 1 and hypocalcemic paralysis, as the principal clinical manifestation, is uncommon.
we present a patient with hypocalcemic paralysis as an initial manifestation of a latent sjogren's disease.
these patients presented a primary sjogren's syndrome without clinical or biological abnormalities suggestive of other autoimmune diseases.
"'we report a 52-year-old woman with sjogren syndrome from the age of 46, developed cerebellar ataxia, autonomic dysfunction and dysarthria at 50.
she also had autoantibodies that were specific with sjogren syndrome (ss-a, anti-nuclear antibody).
"'the gene encoding the human fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase (faldh) is located on 17p11.2, causing sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) when mutated.
"'sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) is an autosomal recessive disorder characterised by mental retardation, spasticity, and ichthyosis.
however, patients with dlbcl and rheumatoid arthritis, sle, sjogren syndrome, or other b-cell ai diseases did not differ from other dlbcl patients in any other baseline presenting features and received similar first-line treatment.
"'marinesco-sjogren syndrome is rarely reported in the middle east.
this is the 2nd report of marinesco-sjogren syndrome in an arab family.
"'in 12 patients with the clinical characteristics of marinesco-sjogren syndrome including an autosomal recessive inheritance, congenital cataracts, mental retardation, cerebellar ataxia and progressive muscle weakness, the most common pathological finding was rimmed vacuole formation comprising from 0.1% to 10% of fibers in their muscle biopsy samples.
from the severe destructive changes in nuclei, we speculated that the nuclear changes in marinesco-sjogren syndrome play a primary role in muscle degeneration resulting in myofibrillar disorganization and rimmed vacuole formation.
"'to identify risk and predictors of lymphoma or lymphoproliferative disease in patients with primary sjogren syndrome.
studies had to investigate primary sjogren syndrome patients, 18 years of age or older, with the goal of examining potential clinical, immunological and hematological risk factors for lymphoma or lymphoproliferative disease.
the detection of germinal center-like lesions in primary sjogren syndrome diagnostic salivary biopsies was also proposed as highly predictive of non-hodgkin\u00b4s lymphoma.
patients with primary sjogren syndrome have an increased risk of lymphoma or lymphoproliferative disease compared to the general population.
"'cerebral mr was performed in three patients with sjogren-larsson syndrome.
"\"sjogren's syndrome is an important autoimmune disease in the head and neck.
the following case report shows this relation and the difficulty of differentiating clinically recurrent swelling of the parotid gland in sjogren's syndrome from malignant lymphoma.
two years after the diagnosis of sjogren's syndrome, swelling of the left parotid gland persisted.
patients with sjogren's syndrome should be examined regularly by the otolaryngologist.
these findings were compatible with sjogren syndrome.
therefore, she had renal tubular acidosis (type 1) in addition to sjogren syndrome.
however, this is the first report of cpm associated with sjogren syndrome and hypokalemic myopathy complicated with renal tubular acidosis.'"
"\"sjogren's syndrome (sjs) is a systemic autoimmune disease that mainly affects the exocrine glands, leading to generalized mucosal dryness.
"'sjogren syndrome (sjs) is a glandular disease characterized by dry eyes and dry mouth.
we report a case of sjogren syndrome with bilateral tonic pupils, dysautonomia, and multiple mononeuritis.
secondary sjogren syndrome was observed in only five patients with this antibody (2.5% vs. 0%, p=0.0035), two of them with concomitant anti-la/ssb.
secondary sjogren syndrome was rarely observed in these patients, in spite of comparable frequencies of anti-ro/ssa and/or anti-la/ssb reported for adult sle.
"'eight cases of sjogren syndrome in children were presented.
recurrent swelling of salivary glands was shown to be predominant findings in children with sjogren syndrome.
it was first reported that \"lace-like\" appearance of main duct was of great value in sialographic diagnosis of sjogren syndrome in children.
the differentiation between sjogren syndrome and recurrent parotitis in children was discussed.'"
"'sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls, mim 270200) is a rare autosomal recessive neurocutaneous disorder due to a deficiency of the fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase and defined by a characteristic triad of symptoms including congenital ichthyosis, spastic di- or quadriplegia and mental retardation.
"\"lymphoma risk: lymphoma is a very severe complication of primary sjogren's syndrome: 5 to 10% of patients followed for more than 10 years will develop a lymphoma.
according to the recent classification of lymphomas, most lymphomas developing in patients with sjogren's syndrome are b lymphomas of the marginal zone: malt lymphomas or low-grade nodal monocytoid lymphomas which are sometimes not identified until transformation to the giant cell stage.
certain similarities between lymphomas in sjogren's syndrome and lymphomas associated with hepatitic c virus would suggest a common pathogenisis: possibly a permanent stimulation of auto-reactive b cells carrying a surface immunoglobulin with rheumatoid factor activity in the target organs of the autoimmune disease.
treatment of sjogren's syndrome: symptomatic treatment of the sicca syndrome with local procedures is aimed at reducing the functional disorder.
both female and male recipients developed a primary sjogren's syndrome-like exocrinopathy without signs of kidney disease.
the results verify that although hybrid mice of either sex develop glandular manifestations comparable with primary sjogren's syndrome, when the immune system is stimulated by semiallogeneic immunocytes, the evoked reactions in haematopoietic tissues show gender difference.\""
"'sjogren syndrome affecting the major cerebral arteries is rare, and an optimal therapeutic strategy to counteract such a lesion has not yet been established.
we herein report a case of a 39-year-old woman with a history of primary sjogren syndrome, which had previously been treated with immunosuppressive therapy, manifesting with a crescendo transient ischemic attack because of left middle cerebral artery stenosis.
despite the administration of high doses of prednisolone and azathioprine for active sjogren syndrome, the frequency of crescendo transient ischemic attacks increased with the progression of stenosis and magnetic resonance imaging showed the development of subacute cerebral infarction.
"'sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) is an autosomal recessive disorder characterized by the presence of congenital ichthyosis, mental retardation, and spastic diplegia or tetraplegia.
three children with recurrent parotid swelling had autoantibodies including antinuclear antibody, anti-ss-a (sjogren syndrome-a), ss-b (sjogren syndrome-b) antibodies and rheumatoid factor, abnormal sialograms and lymphocytic infiltration of salivary glands, which were consistent with sjogren syndrome.
during follow up, two patients developed xerostomia and were diagnosed as having primary sjogren syndrome.
recurrent parotid enlargement appears to be important as an initial manifestation of sjogren syndrome in children.'"
"'to determine the value of sonography of the parotid gland in patients with sjogren syndrome, six consecutive cases were retrospectively reviewed in which clinical findings indicated sjogren syndrome.
each of these four patients had a clinical diagnosis of sjogren syndrome.
pathologic examination of an excised gland in one of the patients with sjogren syndrome demonstrated typical benign lymphoepithelial aggregates, which cause obstruction and progressive ductal dilatation.
while parotid enlargement in these patients may be due to salivary tumor, lymphoma, or sarcoidosis--all of which appear as solid lesions at sonography--this study suggests that bilateral cystic changes may be the rule in uncomplicated cases of sjogren syndrome.'"
"'using a histochemical technique, we have demonstrated a consistent deficiency of alcohol (hexanol) dehydrogenase activity within the epidermis and jejunal mucosa of patients with sjogren-larsson syndrome.
the histochemical and biochemical results are complementary, and the simpler histochemical method can be used reliably for initial screening of patients with ichthyosis in whom a diagnosis of sjogren-larsson syndrome is suspected.'"
"'we investigated fatty alcohol metabolism in eight patients with sjogren-larsson syndrome, and in nine obligate heterozygotes.
fatty alcohol: nicotinamide-adenine dinucleotide oxidoreductase (fao) activity was deficient in cultured skin fibroblasts (mean 18% of normal, n = 8) and peripheral blood leukocytes (mean 22% of normal, n = 3) from patients with sjogren-larsson syndrome.
the palmitoyl coenzyme a-inhibitable component of fao activity was decreased to 10% and 15% of normal in fibroblasts and leukocytes, respectively, of patients with sjogren-larsson syndrome.
fibroblasts and leukocytes from heterozygotes with sjogren-larsson syndrome showed mean fao activities that were intermediate between those seen in homozygotes and in normal control subjects.
these studies demonstrate fao deficiency in patients with sjogren-larsson syndrome, and suggest that accumulation of fatty alcohol or its metabolic products may be important in the pathogenesis of this disorder.'"
"'five cases (four women and one man) with primary gougerot-sjogren syndromes presenting as interstitial pulmonary fibrosis are reported.
the pulmonary changes dominated the clinical presentation in all patients and the gougerot-sjogren syndrome was only diagnosed after systematic examination completed by biopsy of the accessory salivary glands.
in the absence of an associated connective tissue disease, these cases of the gougerot-sjogren syndrome were considered to be primary.
they confirm that interstitial pulmonary fibrosis observed during the gougerot-sjogren syndrome does not differ from idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis and that observed in other connective tissue diseases.
these pulmonary changes may be life-threatening when associated with a primary gougerot-sjogren syndrome.'"
"'the authors report the case of a 70 year old woman with a 15 year history of the gougerot-sjogren syndrome, raynaud\\'s phenomenon and sclerodactyly.
progressive respiratory symptoms in this case were not due to pulmonary fibrosis secondary to scleroderma but to diffuse interstitial lymphocytic pneumonia (ilp) secondary to the gougerot-sjogren syndrome.
the differential diagnosis is difficult because the radiological and clinical signs of pulmonary complications of the gougerot-sjogren syndrome and of scleroderma are very similar.
reports of the triple association of ilp-gougerot-sjogren syndrome-scleroderma are uncommon in the medical literature.
however, prospective studies suggest that paraclinical stigmata of the sjogren syndrome are relatively common in patients with scleroderma.
these observations suggest that some patients with clinical \"pulmonary fibrosis\" may in fact have ilp secondary to slowly progressive sjogren\\'s syndrome.'"
the subjects were 12 eyes of 12 healthy volunteers (control group), 6 eyes of 6 patients with sjogren syndrome (sjogren group) and 10 eyes of 10 patients with vernal keratoconjuctivitis (vkc group).
the levels of dectin-1 mrna expression were 1.5 (0.1-4.0) [median value (range)] for the control group, 2.6 (1.1-4.8) for the sjogren group and 3.6 (1.7-16.6) for the vkc group.
the levels of baff mrna expression were 2.8 (0.2-13.8) [median value (range)] for the control group, 6.3 (2.1-15.1) for the sjogren group and 11.2 (3.5-70.8) for the vkc group.
"'a 9-year-old boy with classical features of sjogren-larsson syndrome was reported.
"\"the pathogenesis of primary sjogren syndrome (pss) is unclear yet.
our results concluded that the genetic factor is involved in the pathogenesis of primary sjogren syndrome.\""
"\"sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls), a rare autosomal disorder characterized by ichthyosis, spastic neurological disorders and oligophrenia, is associated with deficiency of fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase encoded by a gene on chromosome 17q11.2.
the mayo autoimmune dysautonomia panel antibodies and traditional sjogren antibodies were present in only 13% and 8% of patients, respectively, but antiphospholipid antibodies and novel sjogren antibodies were present in 76% and 42% of patients, respectively.
antiphospholipid antibodies and novel sjogren antibodies are often present in these patients and correlate with a high response rate to ivig.
study groups included meibomian gland disease (mgd), aqueous tear deficiency (atd), sjogren syndrome, non-sjogren syndrome atd, and control subjects.
there were serum positive titers for anti-sjogren syndrome a (ssa) in 7 patients and anti-sjogren syndrome b (ssb) in 8 patients.
furthermore, results obtained from the non-pathological glands incubated with leukocyte homogenates were similar to those revealed in saliva from sjogren patients.
therefore, in view of these findings and the clinical features, after other conditions had been ruled out, a diagnosis of primary sjogren's syndrome was made.
benign lymphoepithelial lesion, possibly part of sjogren's syndrome) develops.
for comparison, the diagnostic sensitivity and specificity of anti-sjogren syndrome a (ssa) antibodies for primary sjogren syndrome in the same patient cohort were 88.2% and 76.3%, respectively.
interestingly, 5 of 11 primary sjogren syndrome patients with no anti-ssa or anti-ssb antibodies had anti-hnrnp h1 antibodies.
in an evaluation of the presence of anti-hnrnp h1 antibodies in 188 consecutive samples submitted to the clinical laboratory with positive ana (titer >or=160), anti-hnrnp h1 antibodies were found in 3 of 7 (2 primary and 5 secondary) sjogren syndrome patients and in 8.3% of the diseased controls.
"\"primary sjogren's syndrome is one of the commonest autoimmune connective tissue diseases.
neurological complications occur in about 20 p. 100 of primary sjogren's syndrome patients.
sensory neuronopathy and trigeminal nerve involvement are less frequent but quite suggestive of primary sjogren's syndrome.
it is not clear whether psychiatric manifestations (mostly mood and personality disturbances) have an organic substratum or are the psychological consequence of the disability induced by a chronic disease such as sjogren's syndrome.
the response to corticosteroids or immunosuppressive therapy is unpredictable in neurological complications of primary sjogren's syndrome.
"\"sjogren's syndrome is an autoimmune exocrinopathy of unknown etiology.
as far as we know, there are no previous reports of primary sjogren's syndrome in venezuela.
our findings seem to suggest that the pattern of clinical expression of primary sjogren's syndrome may be influenced by the genetic make-up of the population under study, and possibly by local environmental influences.
two of our cases developed pseudolymphoma, a transitional stage between the benign lymphoproliferation of primary sjogren's syndrome and lymphoma.
"'tubulo interstitial nephritis, the main manifestation of renal involvement in sjogren syndrome, may lead to a tubular dysfunction that is usually subclinical.
we report three women, aged 32, 35 and 35 years old, with a primary sjogren syndrome and symptomatic type i or distal tubular acidosis.
this review will focus on recent literature pertaining to the epidemiology, pathogenesis, clinical presentation and diagnosis and management of sle and sjogren syndrome-associated pulmonary conditions.
pulmonary manifestations of sle and sjogren syndrome can be classified based on anatomical site of involvement; and the large and small airways, lung parenchyma, lung vasculature, pleura and respiratory muscles can be involved.
the pleura is most commonly involved in sle, whereas the airways are most commonly involved in primary sjogren's syndrome (pss).
subgroup analysis found a significant difference that favored mouthwash in participants without sjogren syndrome (0.67 [0.11,1.23]; p\\u2009=\\u2009.0203) but not with sjogren syndrome (0.52 [-0.35,1.38; p\\u2009=\\u2009.2272).
"'sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) is an inherited neurocutaneous disorder characterized by mental retardation, spasticity and ichthyosis.
multiple etiologies have been identified including autoimmune diseases, mainly systemic lupus erythematosus and sjogren' syndrome.
"\"a 70 year-old female with a 6-year history of primary sjogren syndrome was admitted with fever and loss of weight.
examinations such as the lip biopsy reconfirmed the diagnosis of primary sjogren syndrome.
indeed some data in the literature show a striking similarity between the lymphocyte subpopulation in the parotid gland of sjogren syndrome and the bronchoalveolar lavage fluid of sarcoidosis.
despite the fact that the two share common immunological features and abnormalities, the coexistence of primary sjogren syndrome and sarcoidosis has rarely reported.\""
the proband solely had ichthyosis on her neck and lower thighs, which suggested sjogren-larsson syndrome.
"'primary sjogren syndrome is an autoimmune condition in which dry eyes (keratoconjunctivitis sicca) and dry mouth (xerostomia) result from lymphocytic infiltration of lacrimal and salivary glands.
clinical and laboratory features of 60 primary sjogren syndrome patients seen at our clinic during the past three years are presented.
they further emphasize the difficulty in classifying a patient as primary or secondary sjogren syndrome (ie, sicca symptoms associated with systemic lupus erythematosus, rheumatoid arthritis, or scleroderma), particularly early in the disease course.
although there is no \"cure\" for primary sjogren syndrome patient\\'s symptoms may be significantly improved by measures aimed at prevention of ocular and dental complications and by the recognition of extraglandular features that may be amenable to specific treatment.'"
"'\"sjogren-mice\" were produced by the transfer of two entire spleen equivalents of cells from parental strain mice to non-irradiated, adult f1 hybrids.
the recipients developed an autoimmune exocrinopathy resembling primary sjogren\\'s syndrome.
"\"sjogren's syndrome (ss), an autoimmune exocrinopathy, is associated with dysfunction of the secretory salivary gland epithelium, leading to xerostomia.
"'we report a boy and girl with a \"new\" multiple congenital anomalies/mental retardation syndrome which resemblances sjogren-larsson syndrome.
"'sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) is a rare, autosomal recessive disorder with worldwide distribution.
"'the aim of the present study was to examine the fatty acid patterns of plasma phospholipids, cholesteryl esters, triglycerides and free fatty acids in patients with sjogren-larsson syndrome in order to detect whether absorption or metabolism is essential fatty acids may be abnormal.
the relative concentration of linoleic acid (18:2 omega 6) in plasma phospholipids in patients with sjogren-larsson syndrome did not differ significantly from that of the healthy or mentally retarded controls, indicating that the sjogren larsson syndrome does not involve a dietary essential fatty acid deficiency or a defect in absorption of linoleate.
the total products of delta 6 desaturation were reduced to 3% of that in controls, whereas the products of delta 5 and delta 9 desaturation were not noticeably affected in the patients with sjogren-larsson syndrome.
"\"each of the following conditions has a 4 to 6 percent frequency of association with the gugerot-sjogren syndrome: systemic lupus erythematous, scleroderma, autoimmune liver disease (simple biliary cirrhosis and chronic active hepatitis), and hashimoto's thyroiditis.
association with a nodular periarteritis and a polymyositis is very much more unusual and should be discussed on account of the existence of myositis and the vascularity peculiar to the gougerot-sjogren syndrome.
very many true or supposedly autoimmune diseases have been reported in association with the gougerot-sjogren syndrome: mixed connectivity, atrophying polychondritis, reynolds' syndrome (scleroderma plus simple biliary cirrhosis), thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura, thyrotoxicosis of simple hypothyroidism, and total or partial lipodystrophy.
from the point of view of autoimmune pathology, the gougerot-sjogren syndrome might constitute either an autonomous condition when found in isolation or represent the exocrine glandular expression of a dysimmunitary disease with which it is associated.\""
"'the gougerot-sjogren syndrome is giving rise to an everincreasing number of publications.
since the initial work by gougerot in france and sjogren in sweden, the most important publications have been coming from the united states of america, particularly the series from the nih at bethesda.
it may be asked whether such a conception does in fact permit a better approach to patients suffering from the gougerot-sjogren syndrome.
a further important problem is that raised by the perfection of the means of detecting the gougerot-sjogren syndrome.
"'we report the case of a 42-year-old japanese woman who developed multicentric reticulohistiocytosis (mr) complicated by systemic sclerosis (ssc) and sjogren syndrome (ss).
"'we report a case of an 81-year-old woman in whom lichenoid eruptions and sjogren-like sicca syndrome developed 45 days after cholecystectomy.
deficiency and alterations in glycosylation characteristics of muc5ac and muc2 have been reported in both sjogren and non-sjogren dry eye types.
decreased binding of the membrane-associated mucin muc16 to the conjunctival epithelium has been reported in sjogren dry eye while muc1 alterations have been reported in sjogren and non-sjogren dry eye states.
the pathogenesis of nhl in sjogren's syndrome is a multi-step process, including b cell monoclonal proliferation, oncogenic and/or infectious agents, and/or cytokines.
the treatment of sjogren's syndrome-associated nhl depends on the type of lymphoma.
"\"we report on a 26 year old woman with dermatitis herpetiformis duhring, diagnosed at 10 years of age, who developed arthritis, symptoms of celiac disease, and sjogren's syndrome 15 years later.
individual risks of systemic lupus erythematosus (hr 1.58 [95% ci, 1.06-2.37]), rheumatoid arthritis (hr 1.74 [95% ci, 1.31-2.33]), and sjogren syndrome (hr 2.49 [95% ci, 1.71-3.63]) were also higher.
to our knowledge, this was the first study that reported an increased risk of sjogren syndrome among patients with atopy.
"'the authors describe clinical and mri features of a girl and two boys, aged 9, 17 and 19 years, respectively, with marinesco-sjogren syndrome.
the mri features are similar to the few reported pathologic findings for persons with marinesco-sjogren syndrome.
"'a 64-year-old woman presented with bilateral optic neuropathy leading to a diagnosis of sjogren syndrome.
although central nervous system manifestations of sjogren syndrome are documented in the literature, they are not widely recognized in clinical practice.
treatment of cns disease related to sjogren syndrome is highly controversial.
uveitis is an uncommon finding associated with sjogren syndrome.'"
"'nonobese diabetic (nod) mice develop an anti-exocrine gland pathology similar to human sjogren syndrome.
"\"primary sjogren's syndrome - news on diagnostics and therapy <b>abstract.</b> primary sjogren's syndrome is an autoimmune disease that affects primarily the exocrine glands and is mainly characterized by sicca symptoms of the eyes and mouth, but also nose, throat, vagina and skin can be affected.
"\"this study aims to investigate ultrasound (us) findings on salivary glands (sg) in patients with sjogren syndrome (ss) vs. other connective tissue diseases (ctds) and to assess the relationship of sgus abnormalities with autoantibody profile in both groups.
we report the case of a 12 years old boy with severe idiopathic pneumoparotitis without any of these well-known causes and whose autoimmune familial background of sjogren syndrome might be relevant.'"
items scored strongly indicative with agreement >90% for ede were previous chalazia, rosacea/rhinophyma, telangiectasias of eyelid margin and thick non-expressible meibomian gland secretions, and for adde were sjogren syndrome or associated disease, and schirmer <5 mm after 5 min (without anaesthesia).
as compared with the general population, sirs were higher for incident sjogren syndrome (sir=1.64; 95% ci 1.24 to 2.13), psoriasis (sir=2.05; 95% ci 1.67 to 2.48), systemic lupus erythematosus (sle) (sir=2.59; 95% ci 1.53 to 4.09), autoimmune haemolytic anaemia (sir=35.06; 95% ci 23.1 to 51.02) and uveitis (sir=2.50; 95% ci 2.05 to 3.02), but were lower for incident ankylosing spondyloarthritis (sir=0.70; 95% ci 0.48 to 0.99).
specifically for sad, ultrasonography helps examine the salivary glands in sjogren's syndrome, determines the presence of the halo sign in giant cell arteritis and the presence of tendon or joint inflammation, quantifies pulmonary hypertension in scleroderma and assesses the presence of interstitial pulmonary disease in dermatomyositis.
"'salivary gland dysfunction occurs in several autoimmune and immune-related conditions, including sjogren syndrome (ss); immune checkpoint inhibitor-induced sicca (icis) that develops in some cancer patients and is characterized by severe, sudden-onset dry mouth; and autoimmune polyendocrinopathy-candidiasis-ectodermal dystrophy (apeced).
"\"sjogren's syndrome (ss) is a systemic orphan disease.
a number of immune-mediated diseases should be considered among the differential diagnoses including: susac syndrome, cogan syndrome or vogt-koyanagi-harada disease; demyelinating conditions such as multiple sclerosis or neuromyelitis optica spectrum disorder; systemic diseases such as systemic lupus erythematosus, sjogren syndrome or behcet disease and granulomatous diseases such as sarcoidosis.
the symptoms dry eyes and dry mouth pointed at secondary sjogren's syndrome.
"'a female patient developed severe detrusor instability years after a diagnosis of sjogren syndrome.
a common etiology could be possible if an association with viral demyelinization in sjogren patients is confirmed.
independently of the severity, an associated sjogren syndrome was the only specific sle phenotype associated with mortality (hr 1.392[1.021-1.899]).
"\"the objective of the study was to assess the essdai index characteristics in the sj\u00d6grenser cohort (spanish rheumatology association's registry of patients with primary sjogren syndrome [pss]).
the essdai (eular sjogren's syndrome disease activity index) includes 12 domains and measures systematic activity in pss patients.
"'the authors describe clinical and mri features of a girl and two boys, aged 9, 17 and 19 years, respectively, with marinesco-sjogren syndrome.
the mri features are similar to the few reported pathologic findings for persons with marinesco-sjogren syndrome.
this pathology resembles sjogren syndrome, which also is suggested to have a possible association with chronic hepatitis c. these observations suggest that hcv might be involved in the pathogenesis of sialadenitis in humans and that this transgenic mouse system would be a good animal model for the study of hcv infection.'"
"'three members of one family suffering from marinesco sjogren syndrome are being reported.
"\"we report a 54-year-old japanese male with lichen planus and sjogren-type sicca syndrome, accompanied by the latent complication of chronic hepatitis c. the patient first showed erythematous and erosive lesions with white irregular striae in the buccal mucous membrane, and blepharitis and hyperemia of conjunctiva in his eyes.
our case is considered to support the hypothesis that an etiologic association may be present among lichen planus, sjogren's syndrome, and chronic hepatitis c.\""
"'linkage analysis in two consanguineous pedigrees of pakistani and english origin and one further indian family in which affected subjects have sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) showed linkage to chromosome 17.
"'we compiled information on antibodies in sjogren syndrome, focusing more on clinical manifestations associated with anti-ro/ssa and anti-la/ssb antibodies and studies regarding novel antibodies.
we reviewed previous as well as most recent studies with the subject heading sjogren in combination with antibodies and congenital heart block (chb).
almost half of asymptomatic mothers giving birth to children with chb ultimately develop sjogren.
on the whole, 16.7% of gd patients had another associated autoimmune disease; and the most frequently observed were: vitiligo (2.6%), chronic autoimmune gastritis (2.4%), rheumatoid arthritis (1.9%), polymyalgia rheumatica (1.3%), multiple sclerosis (0.3%), celiac disease (1.1%), diabetes (type 1) (0.9%), systemic lupus erythematosus and sarcoidosis (<0.1%), sjogren disease (0.8%).
they included: sjogren's syndrome in 23/78 patients (29.5%), dysthyroidism in 21/78 cases (26.9%), raynaud syndrome in 11/78 (14.1%), crest syndrome in 9/78 patients (11.4%), rheumatoid arthritis in 6/78 patients (7.7%), vitiligo in 5/78 (6.4%), scleroderma in 4/78 patients (5.1%), and other diseases in 8 patients.
the labial gland areas were smaller in the patients with sjogren syndrome than in patients without sjogren syndrome, though the difference was significant only in the upper lips (104 +/- 53 mm(2)).
we review the neurologic complications and changes with pregnancy for systemic lupus erythematosus, sjogren syndrome, idiopathic inflammatory myopathy, and marfan syndrome.'"
in this study, we aim to assess the association between commonly used xerostomia scoring systems, with different hyposalivation measures among sjogren syndrome (ss) patients.
"\"primary sjogren's syndrome (pss) is a condition that predominantly affects women.
"'to characterize the distinctive chest high-resolution computerized tomography (hrct) features and clinical manifestations of primary sjogren syndrome (pss)-related interstitial lung disease (ild).
"'the classic features of marinesco-sjogren syndrome include bilateral cataracts, cerebellar ataxia, and mental deficiency with an autosomal recessive inheritance pattern.
a review of the literature suggests significant heterogeneity in the marinesco-sjogren syndrome.'"
this result suggests that non-sjogren dry eye disease may be associated with systemic inflammation or the nlr values may increase in local inflammatory ocular diseases.
"'loss-of-function mutations in the sil1 gene are linked to marinesco-sjogren syndrome (mss), a rare multisystem disease of infancy characterized by cerebellar and skeletal muscle degeneration.
during follow-up, six patients developed systemic lupus erythematosus (sle) and two patients developed sjogren syndrome.
"'two patients with sjogren-larsson syndrome were treated with calcipotriol in ointment and the ointment base only for 12 weeks, using a double-blind bilaterally paired comparative study.
the present case is the first demonstration of a substantial clinical effect of calcipotriol in the sjogren-larsson syndrome.'"
"'sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) is an autosomal recessive disorder characterized by the presence of congenital ichthyosis, mental retardation, and spasticity.
"'we treated five children with sjogren-larsson syndrome.
we conclude that dietary therapy is usually unsuccessful in patients with sjogren-larsson syndrome even when started in early infancy.'"
"'sjogren-larsson syndrome is an inborn error of metabolism with its primary clinical manifestations being congenital ichthyosis, spastic hemiplegia or quadriplegia, and moderate to severe mental retardation.
in sjogren syndrome, a significant difference in the fractal dimension was observed between the subgroup having punctuate fillings with a diameter less than 1 mm and the subgroup from 1 to 2 mm (p < .001).
"'magnetic resonance (mr) imaging of the parotid glands were performed in 13 cases of sjogren syndrome to assess if there are any typical mr features.
both t1- and t2-weighted images showed multiple hypointense mixed with hyperintense foci (salt-and-pepper appearance) throughout the glands in the six sjogren cases of intermediate severity (46%), inhomogeneous glands in five cases with early or advanced disease, and homogeneous glands in the remaining two cases with the earliest stage of disease.
we think that the salt-and-pepper appearance is suggestive of sjogren syndrome and that the decreased intensity ratios combined with a typical clinical picture may lead to a highly probable diagnosis of this disorder.'"
"'the marinesco-sjogren syndrome is an autosomal recessive degenerative disorder characterized by congenital cataracts, cerebellar ataxia, spasticity, mental deficiency, and skeletal abnormalities.
we studied two adult siblings with marinesco-sjogren syndrome using anatomic and metabolic brain imaging techniques to characterize the pattern and nature of abnormalities in the brain.
the findings support a diffuse white matter disorder in marinesco-sjogren syndrome.'"
lymphocyte sensitization and serum antibody to pa3 were demonstrated in patients with idiopathic chronic pancreatitis (cp) and sjogren syndrome with high rate and high titer.
the antigen detected by serum antibodies in patients with idiopathic cp and sjogren syndrome was 60 kda on western immunoblot.
these results revealed a possibility that pa3 was the target antigen for immune response in the pathogenesis of idiopathic cp and/or sjogren syndrome.'"
"'the sjogren-larsson syndrome is defined as the association of ichthyosis, spastic diplegia or tetraplegia, and mental retardation.
we report a 6-year-old boy with sjogren-larsson syndrome who had a dandy-walker malformation as demonstrated by diagnostic imaging by ct and magnetic resonance imaging scans.
this case illustrates that developmental defects of the central nervous system can also occur in association with sjogren-larsson syndrome.'"
"'marinesco-sjogren syndrome is a very rare disease that develops in childhood with main symptoms of cataract, ataxia, mental deficiency and microsomia, and is regarded as a type of spinocerebellar degeneration.
the author performed the neuro-otological tests on a case of suspected marinesco-sjogren syndrome.
the author agrees to the opinion of skre and l\u00f6cken who included marinesco-sjogren syndrome in the cerebellar form of spinocerebellar degeneration.'"
"'a generalized ichthyosis with an associated spastic syndrome of the lower extremities, clinically suggestive of sjogren-larsson syndrome, was observed in a tunisian boy.
however, the alterations observed were different from those reported in sjogren-larsson syndrome.
we report light and electron microscopic changes in the ichthyotic skin of this patient, which have not been previously reported in lamellar ichthyosis and in sjogren-larsson syndrome.
"\"a 37-year-old woman with primary sjogren syndrome developed mixed cryoglobulinemia and systemic vasculitis.
although rarely seen in mixed cryoglobulinemia, central nervous system complications have recently been documented in sjogren syndrome.
anti-ro(ssa) antibodies are associated with the occurrence of vasculitis in patients with sjogren syndrome, which suggests that the spinal arteritis and subarachnoid hemorrhage in this patient may have been directly related to the underlying connective tissue disorder.\""
"'sjogren syndrome is a multi-system disease leading to diverse organ involvement during its course [1, 2].
hematologic abnormalities described in sjogren syndrome include anemia, mild leukopenia [3, 4], eosinophilia, elevated erythrocyte sedimentation rate, hypergammaglobulinemia, mixed cryoglobulinemia, and a variety of autoantibodies [5].
we report a case of sjogren syndrome who presented with constellation of the latter problems without prominent sicca manifestations.'"
for each patient with primary sjogren syndrome (pss), 2 age- and sex-matched pss patients without mg were selected as controls.
"'we report mri and mrs of the brain in a patient with sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) in whom fatty alcohol oxidoreductase (fao) deficiency has been verified.
"'an autopsy case of sjogren syndrome with organized and fresh subdural hemorrhages (hematoma) is reported.
a 49-year-old woman who had been suffering from sjogren syndrome had gradually lost her consciousness and was taken to the hospital where she died several hours later.
it is suggested that her acute subdural hematoma according to the hemorrhagic tendency, affected by her sjogren syndrome.'"
"'the case of a six-year-old indian girl with sjogren-larsson syndrome is reported.
"'sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) is an autosomal recessive disorder associated with reduced activity of the fatty alcohol: nad+ oxidoreductase complex (fao).
"'the anteroposterior distribution of monoamine and monoamine metabolite concentrations was determined in subcortical brain nuclei of two cases of sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) and was compared to two control cases.
"'sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) is an autosomal recessively inherited disorder characterized by the triad of congenital ichthyosis, spastic diplegia or tetraplegia and mental retardation.
"'eleven patients with an isolated gougerot-sjogren syndrome and a diffuse interstitial fibrosis were compared with twenty patients with an isolated gougerot-sj\u00f6gen without pulmonary involvement.
this immunological profile is identical to the profile found in isolated gougerot-sjogren syndromes without pulmonary fibrosis.
the search for specific antibodies of soluble nuclear antigens permits to differentiate pulmonary fibrosis secondary to an isolated gougerot-sjogren syndrome, from primary diffuse interstitial fibrosis and fibrosis associated to a polymyositis.'"
however, recent studies have revealed that htlv-i may disrupt the immune system and lead to the development of rheumatoid arthritis and sjogren syndrome.
in this report, the role of htlv-i in the pathogenesis of chronic destructive arthropathy and sjogren syndrome is discussed.'"
"\"these last years, different virus have been incriminated in the etiopathogeny of the primary-sjogren's syndrome and more particularly the hepatitis c virus.
we have led a prospective study over 23 patients presenting a primary sjogren's syndrome, searching for a sign of infection by the hepatitis c virus and over 23 patients presenting an active chronic hepatitis c virus searching for a gougerot-sjogren syndrome.
the overcoming of the hepatitis c virus in the sjogren group was 4.7% which was not significatively higher than in our sample of population.
parallelly, the search of the sjogren's syndrome, in the hepatitis c virus group, found 4 patients (feminine, average age 48.5 years old) whose clinical board was compatible with this diagnostic.
the lymphocytic typing of the infiltrate in the minor salivary glands biopsies showed a predominance of the cd8 lymphocytes in a proportion of 2/1, contrasting with what is observed in primary sjogren's syndrome.
we concluded that hepatitis c virus may be more associated with a chronic lymphocytic sialadenitis than an authentic primary sjogren's syndrome.\""
"'a case of marinesco-sjogren syndrome (ataxia, cataracts, retarded somatic and mental maturation, spasticity) with myopathy, hyperlactacidaemia, hypopyruvicaemia, chronic progressive external ophthalmoplegia was reported and relationships with the cerebellar ataxias of unknown aetiology discussed.
in the personal case of marinesco-sjogren syndrome with hyperlactacidaemia and hypopyruvicaemia a defective oxidative phosphorylation in mitochondria is supposed.'"
"'mutations in <i>sil1</i>, a cofactor for the endoplasmic reticulum (er)-localized hsp70 chaperone, bip, cause marinesco-sjogren syndrome (mss), an autosomal recessive disorder.
"\"sjogren's syndrome (ss) is a systemic autoimmune epithelitis with a major female incidence, and characterized by a dry syndrome, impaired quality of life, visceral involvement, and lymphoma for the most aggressive cases.
we measured the uwsf and scored the european league against rheumatism (eular) sjogren's syndrome patient reported index (esspri).
"\"sjogren's syndrome (ss) is a systemic autoimmune disease characterized by the infiltration of lymphocytes into exocrine glands, resulting in the typical sicca symptoms.
"'sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) is a rare, autosomal recessive disorder that is characterized by congenital ichthyosis, mental retardation, and spastic diplegia or tetraplegia.
before modern genetics, marinesco and sjogren described a rare and complex syndrome bearing their names.
"\"sjogren's syndrome (ss) is a systemic autoimmune disease that mainly affects the exocrine glands.
"'we report a case of sjogren-larsson syndrome with spastic diplegia and conduction aphasia.
diseases such as sjogren syndrome (ss), ocular surface neoplasias, and infections are known to increase or reduce the expression of specific mirnas.
patients with chronic obstructive parotitis also underwent ultrasonography, sialography, and sialoendoscopy; patients with sialolithiasis also underwent ultrasonography and computed tomography; and patients with sjogren syndrome also underwent ultrasonography and sialography.
in patients with sjogren syndrome, (99m)tc-pertechnetate salivary gland scintigraphy showed a decrease in both excretion and uptake by the 4 glands.
these patients were diagnosed retrospectively based on the criteria established by the sjogren's disease research committee (1977), and 30 patients were definitively diagnosed with sjogren's disease while 23 were considered suspect.
"\"primary sjogren's syndrome is an autoimmune disorder characterized by an increased cellular and humoral activity, which determines immune-complex deposition at multisystemic level.
in this paper, 23 patients with primary sjogren's syndrome were studied by transthoracic echocardiography.
it was concluded that the wide variety of morphologic abnormalities at valvular level were related with degenerative factors associated with the age in some cases, but in others its development probably depends on immunopathologic features of the primary sjogren's syndrome.
"\"sjogren's syndrome is a chronic autoimmune disease which mainly affects exocrine glands.
we present a study where 123 patients with sjogren's syndrome were examined according to their oral symptoms.
remarkable is the high number of extracted teeth in older patients with sjogren's syndrome.
oral ulcerations and erythema were found only in the group with secondary sjogren's syndrome and systemic lupus erythematosus.\""
we therefore, investigated the relationship between igg4 and chronic sclerosing sialadenitis, and compared the histomorphologic features of this condition with those of chronic sialadenitis-not otherwise specified, sjogren syndrome, and lymphoepithelial sialadenitis.
the histologic features of chronic sclerosing sialadenitis were reminiscent of autoimmune pancreatitis, and were either not observed or were present only focally in cases of chronic sialadenitis, sjogren syndrome, and lymphoepithelial sialadenitis.eleven of 12 evaluable cases showed an increased number of igg4 plasma cells with a mean of 229/high-power field (hpf) (range 75 to 608) and an overall igg4/igg ratio of 0.86 (range 0.5 to 1).
the sjogren syndrome patients had a median of 1 igg4-positive plasma cell/hpf (range 0 to 3), with an igg4/igg ratio of 0.02 (range 0 to 0.07).
"\"<b>objective:</b> to explore the clinical features and conduct prognostic analysis about visual recovery and relapse of neuromyelitisoptica (nmo) spectrum disease (nmosd) with sjogren syndrome (ss).
four patients had sjogren syndrome.
the referring diagnoses were sjogren disease and hypohidrotic ectodermal dysplasia, respectively.
"\"seventy-two cases of primary sjogren's syndrome, according to the european classification criteria, were studied looking for a correlation between anatomic criteria and clinico-biological signs in this disease.
our study shows no clinico-histological correlation in sjogren's syndrome.
we think, therefore, that labial salivary gland biopsy appears to be an important step in sjogren's syndrome diagnosis according to european criteria.
"\"a case of optic neuropathy and central nervous system disease developed in association with primary sjogren's syndrome is described.
laboratory studies and histological findings on minor salivary gland biopsy was suggestive of primary sjogren's syndrome.
because of therapeutics and prognosis consequences, primary sjogren's syndrome should be considered in differential diagnosis of optic neuropathy.\""
"\"the exclusive involvement of the lungs with a lambda-type amyloidosis in nodular dispositions in a case of sjogren's syndrome is very rare.
the question of a possible relationship with sjogren's syndrome is being discussed.\""
the effect of sjogren syndrome (ss) was analyzed, and the sample was divided into 2 groups: ra (191 subjects) and ra/ss (45 subjects).
"'the frequencies, immunophenotype, and function of mucosal-associated invariant t (mait) cells were studied in patients with primary sjogren syndrome (pss) and healthy controls.
mutations of sil1 cause marinesco-sjogren syndrome (mss), a neurodegenerative disorder.
in particular, 16.8% of patients with systemic lupus erythematosus and 31.1% of patients with sjogren syndrome were positive for anti-carp.
diagnoses were established in 22 of 32 patients: 16 connective tissue diseases (ctds), mainly sjogren syndrome (ss, 5/16), rheumatoid arthritis (ra, 4/16), and systemic lupus erythematosus (sle, 3/16), and 6 nonautoimmune conditions.
risk for individual autoimmune diseases, including rheumatoid arthritis (ra), sjogren syndrome (ss), and beh\u00e7et disease, was significantly higher in patients with osa than in controls (hrs [95% ci]: ra 1.33 [1.03-1.72, ss 3.45 [2.67-4.45] and beh\u00e7et disease 5.33 [2.45-12.66]).
salivary gland involvement in sjogren syndrome (ss) can be assessed using standard tests such as unstimulated salivary flow test, salivary gland scintigraphy or contrast sialography.
"\"recurrent purpuric lesions are occasionally seen in patients with sjogren syndrome.
clinical and histopathological analyses were performed on 5 cases of hypergammaglobulinemic purpura associated with sjogren's syndrome, and the effects of immunomodulatory therapy were evaluated with regards to these conditions.
immunomodulatory therapy may be useful in managing recurrent purpura based on hypergammaglobulinemia associated with sjogren syndrome.\""
"\"glomerulonephritis complicating primary gougerot-sjogren's syndrome is extremely rare.
we report the case of a 72-year old woman with primary gougerot-sjogren syndrome complicated by progressive renal failure.
a review of the literature concerning glomerulonephritis complicating primary gougerot-sjogren syndrome is reported.\""
"\"the lip salivary glands (lsg) from 30 non-autoimmune disease postmortem subjects and 21 biopsies of sjogren syndrome patients were examined histopathologically.
acinar atrophy, duct dilation, fat tissue hyperplasia, fibrosis and lymphocytic infiltration (including foci) were found to be age-related changes of lsg, and indicate that attention should be paid to distinguishing such aging changes from sjogren syndrome's histopathological changes, especially in patients over 60 years old.
"\"two cases of sjogren syndrome who developed a giant mucocele on the floor of the oral cavity are reported.
mucocele is a common mucocutaneous disease of unknown etiology except for traumatic origin and sjogren syndrome might be one of the important underlying disease which causes giant mucocele, especially in elderly female patients.\""
"'sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) is an inherited disorder associated with impaired fatty alcohol oxidation due to deficient activity of fatty alcohol:nad+ oxidoreductase (fao).
"'annular erythema developed in 22 patients with sjogren syndrome.
these results suggest that patients with sjogren syndrome might have a distinct annular erythematous lesion that is both clinically and histopathologically different from scle, although close immunologic abnormalities exist in these two diseases.'"
"'icam-1 and lfa-1 expression was studied in the lesional skin of ten cases of annular erythema associated with sjogren syndrome.
these findings suggest that strong expression of icam-1 on endothelial cells but not keratinocytes and lfa-1 on mononuclear cells might play some role in the induction of skin lesions in annular erythema associated with sjogren syndrome.'"
"'during the last 17 yr, 74 patients with spielmeyer-sjogren disease were treated in finland with antioxidant supplementation.
so far the westermarck formula seems to have been the best treatment devised yet in spielmeyer-sjogren disease, but further studies are needed for a better understanding of the pathogenesis of neuronal ceroid-lipofuscinoses disorders.'"
"'the occurrence of autoantibodies in 28 long-term survivors of allogeneic bone marrow transplantation (bmt) (21 with chronic graft-versus-host disease) was compared with 48 cases of idiopathic sjogren syndrome and 82 cases of scleroderma.
although the clinical manifestations of chronic graft-versus-host disease are similar to sjogren syndrome and scleroderma the autoantibody profile is significantly different.'"
"\"necropsy material from the eye of a 23-year-old male known to have suffered from the sjogren-larsson syndrome, characterised by mental retardation, spastic diplegia or tetraplegia, congenital ichthyosis, and so-called glistening dots in the foveal and parafoveal areas of the fundus of the eye, was investigated ultrastructurally.
more material would be needed, however, to elucidate further the fundal changes in the sjogren-larsson syndrome.\""
"'we studied eight patients who had primary sjogren syndrome and central nervous system (cns) disorders that were not attributable to other causes.
this may be relevant to the pathogenesis of cns disease in sjogren syndrome, because there is a strong correlation between vasculitis and the presence of anti-ro(ssa) antibodies in this connective tissue disorder.'"
"'a case of marinesco-sjogren syndrome manifesting cataract, short stature, psychomotor retardation, hypogonadism, and progressive ataxia was described.
results confirmed that marinesco-sjogren syndrome is a disorder which may involve both central and peripheral nervous system.'"
"'the authors retrospectively survey the concept of the gougerot-houwers-5j\u00f6gren syndrome which links articular disease with the \"dry\" syndrome (pharyngitis sicca) and then go on to study the rheumatic conditions found in the gougerot-houwers-sjogren syndrome.
they conclude with the current difficulty of restricting the scope of the gougerot-houwers-sjogren syndrome when histological and scintigraphic techniques have broadened it.
(1967) in the marinesco-sjogren syndrome; an excess of lipids seems actual in the csf of our case.
so the rare marinesco-sjogren syndrome's diagnosis criteria may remain no restrictive.\""
so-called granulocytic and monocytic sjogren-cells appear.
therefore, we prefer not to label the sjogren-cells as pseudo-le-cells.
"'sjogren-mikulicz syndrome, formerly thought rare, is recognized with increasing frequency, especially in middle-aged and elderly women.
new tests can identify cases in which the swelling is a part of the sjogren-mikulicz syndrome.
"'sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) is characterized by congenital ichthyosis, spastic dior tetraplegia and mental retardation.
"'ultrasonography and sialography of parotid glands were prospectively performed on 30 patients with sjogren syndrome and follow-up ultrasonography was done on 12 patients.
we suggest that mha are characteristic of sjogren syndrome and that ultrasonography is useful in following the course of the disease and response to treatment.'"
he was subsequently investigated for and found to have sjogren syndrome.
we believe that the simultaneous occurrence of the above cutaneous manifestations are very suggestive of and should prompt investigation for sjogren syndrome.'"
"'electrophysiological studies were performed in 7 patients with marinesco-sjogren syndrome in order to search for neuromuscular involvement in this multiorgan disorder.
both electrophysiological and morphological findings confirm myopathic features of marinesco-sjogren syndrome.'"
"'the histochemical and immunocytochemical findings of biopsied muscle in a 2-year-old girl with marinesco-sjogren syndrome are reported.
in addition to characteristic clinical features, including ataxia, congenital cataract, and psychomotor retardation, muscle involvement is essential to the diagnosis of marinesco-sjogren syndrome.'"
"'the objective of the present study was to examine secretory iga in tears and serum of sjogren patients (34 patients and 23 controls).
in serum however, secretory iga, total iga, igm and igg showed a significant increase in the sjogren patients.
"'labial lip biopsy findings from 52 patients with sjogren syndrome (sjs) and cutaneous manifestations were clinically analyzed.
these data suggest that labial lip biopsy is a useful screening method for the diagnosis of sjogren syndrome and that clinical manifestations may differ in parallel with the type of infiltrating cell.'"
"'the ichthyosiform skin and the uninvolved skin of a 5-year-old japanese female with sjogren-larsson syndrome were examined by light and electron microscopy to elucidate the keratinization disorder.
"'a 12-year-old boy who developed primary sjogren syndrome and a girl, whose diagnosis of secondary sjogren syndrome was established at the age of 3, are reported.
"'we have investigated 3 children aged 6, 3, and 2 years, from 2 families, with the clinical features of marinesco-sjogren syndrome.
these cases emphasize the involvement of muscle in marinesco-sjogren syndrome and the importance of electron microscopy in differential diagnosis.'"
"'thirty-eight patients with the primary sjogren syndrome, 16 with active neuropsychiatric manifestations and 22 without clinical evidence of central nervous system involvement had magnetic resonance (mr) imaging.
magnetic resonance imaging detects focal cerebral lesions in patients with the sjogren syndrome and central nervous system involvement, including patients with psychiatric and cognitive dysfunction alone.'"
"'progressive muscular weakness, hypotonia and atrophy are among the cardinal signs of the marinesco-sjogren syndrome but have not been extensively investigated.
thus far, it has not been appreciated that myopathy represents an early sign of the marinesco-sjogren syndrome.'"
"'sjogren-larsson syndrome is a rare genodermatosis described by sjogren and larsson in 1957 (28) and characterized by ichthyosis, spastic di- or tetraplegia and oligophrenia.
"'bronchopulmonary involvement in the sjogren syndrome can lead to distal obstructive airway disease.
this activity, which can be estimated by tracheobronchial clearance studies, was investigated in seven non-smoking women (mean age = 56.7 yr) with the sjogren syndrome but without patent distal bronchial impairment.
in 5 cases there was lymphocytic infiltration of small salivary glands; in 2 patients this was identical to that of sjogren syndrome.
they suggest that autoimmune mechanisms may be involved in drug-induced ten and that sjogren syndrome may occur as the result of a drug reaction.'"
"'a case of pulmonary pseudolymphoma and sjogren syndrome is presented.
the initial gammopathy and abnormal serologies are more consistent with uncomplicated sjogren syndrome, but were present when the pseudolymphoma was solely apparent.'"
"'oligophrenia, ichthyosis, and spastic di- or tetraplegia are the main symptoms of sjogren-larsson syndrome.
sjogren-larsson syndrom follows the autosomal recessive mode of inheritance.
"'the light- and electron-microscopical findings in the skeletal muscle of a patient with marinesco-sjogren syndrome (mss) are presented.
"\"salivary gland ultrasonography is a simple, noninvasive and inexpensive procedure, which provides valuable information for the diagnosis of primary sjogren's syndrome (pss).
associated conditions included sjogren syndrome (n\\xa0=\\xa06), sarcoidosis (n\\xa0=\\xa01), and limited scleroderma (n\\xa0=\\xa01).
the disease is associated with malt lymphoma, especially in the setting of sjogren syndrome.
"'a 9-year-old girl had hemiparesis, and a diagnosis of primary sjogren syndrome was made.
in this study, we compared the diagnostic value of five of these tests in 87 patients with clinically definite (n=33) or possible (n=54) sfn related to amyloid neuropathy secondary to transthyretin gene mutation or monoclonal gammopathy (n=30), primary sjogren's syndrome (n=20), fabry's disease (n=2), or unknown cause (n=35).
the timely diagnosis of oral dryness is vital for the management of orodental disease and any associated often-undiagnosed systemic disease (e.g., sjogren syndrome).
early identification is imperative, as they may herald an underlying malignancy or an autoimmune condition such as sjogren syndrome.
"\"ccr9\\xa0+\\xa0t helper (th) cells can induce sjogren-like symptoms in mice and both ccr9\\xa0+\\xa0th cells and their ligand ccl25 are increased in the salivary glands of primary sjogren's syndrome (pss) patients.
ccl25, cxcl10, ccl17, ccl20 and ccl27 mrna and protein expression of salivary gland tissue of pss and non-sjogren's sicca (non-ss) patients was assessed.
"'bromhexine was reported to relieve the symptoms of sjogren syndrome at an early stage.
these results suggest that bromhexine is a potential candidate eye drop drug for the treatment of multiple types of dry eye disease, not only limited to the treatment of dry eyes in sjogren syndrome.'"
"'we report the first case of generalized cytomegalovirus (cmv) disease in an aids patient who presented with an acute sjogren-like syndrome and was diagnosed by parotid gland biopsy.
"'assessing cardiac function and risk stratification in a fetal anti-sjogren syndrome type a (ssa) or anti-sjogren syndrome type b (ssb) complete atrioventricular block (cavb) is challenging.
patients had a high seroprevalence for anti-ribonucleoprotein 57.9% (36.4-77.9), anti-smith 53.5% (40.4-66.2), anti-sjogren syndrome antigen a 45.6% (19.2-73.4) and anti-sjogren syndrome antigen b 33.7% (13.6-57.6) autoantibodies.
"'eight cases of sjogren syndrome (sjs) with anti-ss-a and anti-ss-b antibodies are reported.
"\"primary sjogren's syndrome (pss) is a systemic autoimmune disease with exocrine gland dysfunction and multi-organ involvement.
this review aims to summarize recent advances in the identification of biomarkers of sjogren syndrome, trying to identify reliable, sensitive, and specific biomarkers that can be used to guide treatment decisions.
in this study, the b-cells in the thyroid gland of 40 patients suffering from hashimoto's disease and 25 patients with sjogrens syndrome and enlargement of the salivary glands were immunophenotyped and molecular-genetically investigated.
in 13 biopsy specimen from salivary gland, clonal rearrangements of tcr-gamma, and in 9 cases of patients with sjogren's syndrome jh rearrangements could be detected.
within 11/25 patients with sjogren's syndrome and in 23/40 patients with m. hashimoto polyclonal rearrangements were observed.
in 26/40 patients with m. hashimoto and in 11/25 patients with sjogren's syndrome the transition in a subsequent low grade b cell lymphoma of malt-type was found.
"\"the recommendations proposed by the sjogren's syndrome committee of the brazilian society of rheumatology for the treatment of sjogren's syndrome were based on a systematic review of literature in medline (pubmed) and the cochrane databases until october 2014 and on expert opinion in the absence of studies on the subject.
the use of as eye drops was indicated for several diseases: corneal diseases (corneal ulcer or corneal persistent epithelial defects) (34.32%); sjogren syndrome (17.16%); dry eye resulting from autoimmune disease (15.38%); and blepharitis/blepharospasm (12.43%).
in the study, indications for as therapy were mostly: corneal diseases; sjogren syndrome; and dry eye resulting from autoimmune disease; and blepharitis or blepharospasm.
the most unbalanced gender ratio was found in primary sjogren syndrome (pss), with nearly 10 females affected per 1 male, followed by systemic lupus erythematosus (sle), systemic sclerosis (ssc) and antiphospholipid syndrome (aps) (ratio of nearly 5:1).
in particular, we were intrigued by research advances in biomarkers for rheumatic diseases, and by advances on sjogren syndrome, neuropsychiatric systemic lupus erythematosus, fibromyalgia, and b cell mechanisms.
furthermore, of the 59 patients, enas immunoassay was positive in 18 (30.51%); sjogren syndrome-related antigen a (ssa)/52 kd and sjogren syndrome antigen b (ssb)/la were the two major antibodies.
the lsgb prescribed for patients with a suspected initial single diagnosis (sjogren syndrome only, or amyloidosis only, or sarcoidosis only, or an other auto-immune disease only) significantly increases the specificity and the sensitivity of the technique and suggests that specificity and sensitivity are linked to patient selection and not to lsgb itself.
"'large cysts in the orbital lobe of the lacrimal gland are rare and are associated with sjogren syndrome and b-cell mucosa-associated lymphoid tissue lymphoma.
the first 2 patients, both with sjogren syndrome, had unilateral cysts associated with chronic inflammation.
in the ro52+ro60+, primary sjogren syndrome was the most likely (or 4.2 95% ci [2.1-8.3] <i>p</i> < 10<sup>-4</sup>), especially in patients ro52+ro60+la+.
patients with isolated anti-ro52 had a wider variety of diseases associated, but among auto-immune diseases they were more prone to inflammatory myositis (or 10.5 [1.4-81.7], <i>p</i> = 0.02) and inflammatory rheumatism (or 4.6 [1.6-13.8], <i>p</i> = 0.006) in contrast to systemic lupus (or 0.2 [0.1-0.3], <i>p</i> < 10<sup>-4</sup>) or primary sjogren's syndrome (or 0.1 [0.06-0.2], <i>p</i> < 10<sup>-4</sup>).
sialitis and secondary sjogren syndrome are well characterized complications of chronic hcv infections but the mechanisms (primary or secondary) leading to xerostomia are not understood.
mothers of children with chb are usually asymptomatic or display sjogren's syndrome or undifferentiated connective tissue disease.
plasma tnf-alpha concentration and nt levels were also significantly higher in sjogren patients with -1031 c carrier genotype compared to patients with tt genotype.
sjogren patients showed a significant increase in plasma mpo activity which correlated with both tnf-alpha and nt levels in subjects with -1031 c carrier genotype assessed by linear regression analysis.
the most common ad was sjogren syndrome, followed by autoimmune cytopenia, psoriasis, rheumatoid arthritis, etc.
sjogren syndrome was significantly associated with b-cell lymphoma, and systemic vasculitis was significantly associated with t-cell lymphoma.
the current case report details the clinical history of a patient with sjogren syndrome over a four year period who eventually developed enmzl.
ssnhl incidence was significantly higher among patients with antiphospholipid syndrome (aps), multiple sclerosis (ms), rheumatoid arthritis (ra), and connective-tissue diseases including sjogren syndrome and beh\u00e7et disease.
the risk of ssnhl was significantly higher in patients with aps, ms, ra, and connective-tissue diseases including sjogren syndrome and beh\u00e7et disease than in patients without autoimmune diseases.
the patient presented a gougerot-sjogren syndrome and was explored for non-specific respiratory symptoms.
histochemical and immunohistochemical study revealed an association of a nodular pulmonary amyloidosis with a mat pulmonary lymphoma complicating a gougerot-sjogren syndrome.
as for the serological manifestations, the positivity of anti-double-stranded dna (dsdna) (57.1%), anti-smith (sm) antibody (55.7%), anti-sjogren syndrome a (ssa) antibody (72.3%), anti-sjogren syndrome b (ssb) antibody (41.4%) and anti-u1-ribosenuclear protein (u1rnp) antibody (45.7%) was significantly higher in tibet plateau group (p<0.05).
approximately 20-23% of non-healing wounds that are refractory to vascular intervention have other etiologies including vasculitis, rheumatoid arthritis and sjogren syndrome.
the authors present a report on a female patient with reported sjogren syndrome, multiple morbidities and non-healing lower limb ulceration that developed during treatment with methotrexate, and no significant improvement after discontinuation of the drug and after vascular surgery.
"'<b>introduction:</b> surgical biopsy of minor salivary glands is routinely performed for the diagnosis of sjogren syndrome.
', '<b>introduction:</b> surgical biopsy of minor salivary glands is routinely performed for the diagnosis of sjogren syndrome.
sjogren's syndrome patients have a higher prevalence of gastroesophageal reflux disease and laryngopharyngeal reflux.
twelve patients with sjogren's syndrome and laryngopharyngeal reflux and 11 controls were prospectively evaluated.
"\"we describe a 28-year-old woman with primary sjogren's syndrome who had a miscarriage in the 10th week of gestation in december 1993.
"'the lack of fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase function in sjogren larsson syndrome (sls) patient cells not only impairs the conversion of fatty aldehydes into their corresponding fatty acid but also has an effect on connected pathways.
material and methods forty-five ded patients including 20 sjogren syndrome aqueous tear deficiency (ss-atd) patients, 20 non-sjogren syndrome aqueous tear deficiency (nss-atd) patients, 15 meibomian gland dysfunction (mgd) patients, and 15 normal participants were enrolled in this study.
"'a review is presented of the major clinical features of a number of glycolipidoses including fabry, gaucher, tay-sachs, metachromatic leukodystrophy as well as ceroidlipofucinosis and sjogren-larsson syndrome.
the purpose of this study was to investigated the effects of the lfa-1 antagonist, lifitegrast, in a mouse desiccating stress (ds) dry eye model that develops kcs similar to sjogren syndrome.
patients with sjogren syndrome may have a positive antinuclear antibody titer, but often also have positive anti-sjogren antigen a or b results.
for patients with sjogren syndrome along with histologically benign lymphoepithelial lesion, identification of ig clonal gene rearrangements is important for routine differential diagnosis.
"\"peripheral neuropathy in primary sjogren's syndrome is common although often unrecognized in mild forms of this affection.
tracking down systematically these peripheral neuropathies in patients affected by sjogren's syndrome is the best way to recognize them.
alternatively, patients with unexplained neuropathies should be evaluated for the presence of sjogren's syndrome.\""
"\"the prevalence of fibromyalgia in primary (n = 18) or secondary (n = 20) sjogren's syndrome was examined.
in all patients with sjogren's syndrome as well as in 31 fibromyalgia patients and 20 healthy individuals measurements of pressure pain threshold were done by palpation and dolorimetry.
the results suggest to include sjogren's syndrome into the differential diagnosis of fm.
"\"clinical, roentgenologic, functional and broncho-alveolar lavage features of lung involvement in primary sjogren's syndrome were assessed in a retrospective study of 35 cases.
patients with primary sjogren's syndrome and pulmonary disease were older (65 vs 56 years) (p = 0.025), have more frequently extra-glandular manifestations (p = 0.03), keratoconjunctivis sicca (p = 0.018) and biological perturbations (hypergammaglobulinemia (p = 0.03), antinuclear antibodies (p = 0.01) than those without lung involvement.
"\"prospective study covering 38 cases of sjogren's syndrome (s.s.) diagnosed after early clinical suspicion awaken for xerostomy and xerophtalmy, once excluded those cases which pathology was previously known.
"\"sjogren's syndrome (ss) describes xeropthalmia and xerostomia due to lymphocytic infiltrates of lacrimal and salivary glands.
this is particularly true for sjogren's syndrome that is associated with the highest risk of lymphoma (odds ratio up to 44).
"'a 26-year-old woman, who had been treated with prednisolone 30 mg/day for secondary sjogren syndrome (sjs) with systemic lupus erythematosus (sle), was complicated with aseptic meningoencephalitis (ame).
three main childhood forms are recognized: infantile (santavuori-haltia disease, cln1), late infantile (jansky-bielschowsky disease, cln2), and juvenile (spielmeyer-vogt-sjogren, batten disease, cln3).
"\"forty-eight patients with primary sjogren syndrome are documented together with the results of their baseline investigations.
"'marinesco-sjogren syndrome (mss) is a rare inherited disease with neurological and ocular manifestations.
he was also found to have a monoclonal gammopathy (igm kappa type) and sjogren syndrome.
evidence of hyposplenism was demonstrated in 4 of 79 patients with systemic lupus erythematosus (sle) and in 2 of 18 cases of primary sjogren syndrome (pss), whereas no hyposplenism was found in the remaining cases of other autoimmune diseases.
"'the light- and electron-microscopical findings in the skeletal muscle and conjunctiva of 6 patients with marinesco-sjogren syndrome (mss) were presented.
"\"this report describes a 48-year old female patient with hashimoto's thyroiditis, distal-type renal tubular acidosis (d-rta), sjogren syndrome (sjs), and empty sella syndrome (ess).
"'we reported 9 cases of primary sjogren syndrome (ss) who were complicated with nervous system involvement.
"'a three-year-old taiwanese boy with marinesco-sjogren syndrome is reported.
this autoantigen was detected by antibodies of hiv 1+ patients, recently of seroconverted (rsc) asymptomatic subjects, of hbv+ sera, and of primary gougerot-sjogren (prgs) sera.
all granulomatous diseases and neoplasms could therefore be ruled out and only sjogren syndrome and very few other forms of chronic dacryo-adenitis remained as possible diagnoses.
"'myopathy represents one of the major features of marinesco-sjogren syndrome (mss).
"'sensorineural hearing loss has not been previously reported in patients with the marinesco-sjogren syndrome.
"\"a case of the marinesco-sjogren disease was diagnosed in a woman aged 19 years.
"'immunohistochemical analysis was performed on the annular erythema associated with sjogren syndrome.
"\"a 26-year-old female patient complicated with pss, sle and sjogren was treated by combination of medium doses of corticosteroid and cyclosporin a.
symptoms of sjogren syndrome and purpura appeared at the same time.
"'the distribution of carriers of the gene for sjogren-larsson syndrome in sweden suggests a center of dispersion in the county of v\u00e4sterbotten in northern sweden.
"'a case of sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) with peripheral nerve involvement was described.
"\"igm- and iga-rheumatoid factors (rf) were determined by elisa technique in 40 consecutive patients with primary sjogren syndrome (primary ss), all fulfilling the copenhagen diagnostic criteria.
these laboratory data indicated nephrocalcinosis due to sjogren syndrome associated with renal tubular acidosis.
"\"a systematic evaluation of sjogren-like syndrome (sls) was performed in 68 bone marrow transplant (bmt) recipients (60 allogeneic and 8 syngeneic recipients).
"\"the authors report three identical cases of the association of acrosclerosis with telangiectasis without calcinosis, sjogren-gougerot syndrome, myxoedema with antithyroid antibodies and anti-centromere antibodies.
"'cranial ct in a case of sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) showed a striking loss of attenuation of supratentorial white matter.
"'clinical, biological and evolutive profiles of rheumatoid polyarthritis (rp) associated or not with a gougerot-sjogren syndrome (gss) were compared in two series of 27 patients matched according sex and age, and recruited among 158 patients examined during a period of 36 months.
"'two siblings, a 3 1/2 years-old male and a 2 years-old female, with sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) are described.
polymyositis occurring during the course of gougerot-sjogren disease should be treated as a separate entity requiring specific therapy.'"
"'monoclonal antibodies directed against t-cell subsets, b-cell subsets, and monocytes were used to characterize the cells infiltrating the salivary glands of patients with primary sjogren syndrome (1 degree ss).
"'two patients with rheumatoid arthritis and one with sjogren syndrome had a severe sensorimotor neuropathy preceding or up to 5 years after the onset of the disease.
"'the sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) is characterized by congenital ichthyosis, spastic dior tetraplegia and mental retardation.
the patients with sjogren syndrome (ss) as well as those with collagen diseases were systematically investigated for the functions of nk-ifn system, including endogenous and augmented nk activity, ifn production, and responsiveness of nk cells to ifn stimulation, using virus persistently infected cells (hela-measles cells) as target and stimulator cells.
the role of the monocytes present in the preparation was examined in this study which sought to determine if the autologous response induced by these monocytes was modified during sjogren\\'s syndrome.
in patients with sjogren syndrome, the autologous response induced by monocytes in significantly decreased.
"'sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls), originally described in sweden, has been studied in a countrywide survey.
"'cranial computed tomography was performed on five patients with the sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls).
"'sjogren syndrome, consisting of keratoconjunctivitis sicca and xerostomia with or without another autoimmune disease, is uncommon in children.
"'all swedish cases with the sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) i.e.
"'the finger- and palm dermal-ridge patterns of all swedish cases with the sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) were studied.
"'a therapeutic trial with antioxidants in neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis (ncl) of spielmeyer-sjogren type is presented.
the worsening with age of this lymphoid infiltrate, coupled with the decline in responsiveness to mitogens, suggests a complex immunopathologic process with destruction of glands terminating in a disease similar to the sjogren syndrome in humans.'"
"'the authors review the literautre and then proceed to analyse a series of 16 cases of gougerot sjogren syndrome.
"'the sjogren-gougerot syndrome represents a rare disease of the collagenous tissue characterized by the three symptoms xerophtalmy, xerostomy, polyarthritis.
some causes of sfns are very well-known to dermatologists: gougerot-sjogren syndrome, lupus, sarcoidosis and fabry disease.
cxcl10 and its receptor, cxcr3, appear to contribute to the pathogenesis of many autoimmune diseases, organ specific (such as type 1 diabetes, autoimmune thyroiditis, graves' disease and ophthalmopathy), or systemic (such as rheumatoid arthritis, psoriatic arthritis, systemic lupus erythematosus, mixed cryoglobulinemia, sjogren syndrome, or systemic sclerosis).
"'circulating immune complexes (ics) containing the pancreatic antigen against sp3-1 monoclonal antibody were measured in patients with idiopathic chronic pancreatitis (icp) and sjogren syndrome (sjs) by raji cell and solid-phase radioimmuno-assays (ria).
"'clinical and immunopathological analysis was performed on 24 cases of sjogren syndrome with annular erythema (aesjs).
"'two patients with marinesco-sjogren syndrome in a family were characterized by autosomal recessive inheritance, congenital cataract, cerebellar ataxia, mental retardation, short stature and variable skeletal abnormalities.
"'the present study deals with the sisters of marinesco-sjogren syndrome without parental consanguinity.
"'the radiologic findings in eight patients with parotid pseudotumors associated with sjogren syndrome (ct in eight; mri in two) were retrospectively analyzed and compared with the findings in three cases with malignant lymphomas.
"'lymphocyte response to staphylococcal enterotoxin b (seb) was analysed in 11 cases with sjogren syndrome (sjs) who developed annular erythema during the course.
though the association of sjogren's syndrome and exocrine pancreatic impairment is well established, the sjogren-like syndrome after drug-induced toxic epidermal necrolysis in association with such a wide exocrine glandular insufficiency has not been previously described, to our knowledge.\""
"\"the concentrations of sodium, potassium, calcium, protein and lactoferrin and the enzymatic activity of salivary kallikrein, phosphohexoisomerase, alpha-amylase, lysozyme and iga were measured in the parotid saliva of 12 patients suffering from sjogren's syndrome.
compared with a control group (n = 31) remarkable differences were found in the composition of the parotid saliva in sjogren patients.
"'seven muscle biopsies from patients with the clinical characteristics of marinesco-sjogren syndrome (mss) revealed myopathic changes of two types; muscle fiber necrosis followed by regeneration and focal myofibrillar degeneration inducing autophagocytosis with rimmed vacuole formation.
"'three of 4 adult patients with marinesco-sjogren syndrome (mss; 2 males and 2 females, aged 26-31 years) in 2 families became non-ambulant because of slowly progressive muscular weakness rather than cerebellar ataxia.
"'the authors describe a typical case of sjogren-larsson syndrome showing a clear improvement of the spastic paresis after 2 years of physiotherapy and a diet rich in polyunsaturated fatty acids.'"
"'computed tomography was used to evaluate mediastinal lymph nodes of 25 patients with primary sjogren syndrome (pss) and in 38 control subjects.
"'lipid metabolism was studied in cultured skin fibroblasts from patients with the inherited disorder, sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls).
"'a family with 12 children, 6 of whom had sjogren-larsson syndrome, was studied clinically.
these led to the diagnosis of primary gougerot-sjogren syndrome.
"'the inherited abnormality of the marinesco-sjogren syndrome is not known.
"'cultured skin fibroblasts from two patients with sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) and from a normal control were analyzed for trienoic and tetraenoic fatty acids.
"'the torsten -sjogren-syndrome is the combination of hereditary cataract associated with impaired central nervous coordination, mental retardation and hyperaminoacidurea .
"'a 9 year old girl with symptoms of the sjogren syndrome showed interstitial lymphocytic infiltrate on renal biopsy.
"'the results of prospective noninvasive cardiologic investigations, including echocardiography and holter monitoring are described in 2 siblings with juvenile ceroid lipofuscinosis of the spielmeyer-vogt-sjogren type.
"'two cases of sjogren-larsson syndrome are reported.
"\"salivary flow-rate, na, k and iga were measured in 12 kcs patients for diagnosis of sjogren's syndrome.
the results indicate that the elevation in salivary iga in sjogren patients is due to secretory iga.\""
"\"a study was carried out of oral conditions, including caries, gingivitis and periodontitis, malocclusion and enamel hypoplasias, in 34 of the 35 living swedish patients with sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls).
"'a case of marinesco-sjogren syndrome, displaying the characteristic signs (ataxia, congenital cataract and mental retardation) is presented.
"'the ichthyosis of seven patients with the sjogren-larsson syndrome was treated with an aromatic retinoid, etretinate, during six months.
"'a sjogren syndrome was confirmed histologically in a 19 year old woman.
"'thirty-six swedish patients with the recessively inherited sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) were examined by histopathologic and, in some cases, morphometric techniques.
"'sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) is characterized by congenital ichthyosis, mental retardation and spastic di- or tetraplegia.
"'a metabolic study of urine samples obtained from 35 patients with the sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) has been performed by means of a series of chemical tests, as well as by analysis of the amino acid pattern by high-voltage paper electrophoresis.
"'serum zinc and serum copper were examined in 18 patients with the sjogren-larsson syndrome (congenital ichthyosis, spastic di- or tetraplegia and mental retardation), in four patients with congenital ichthyosis and mental retardation, of whom three had alopecia, and in nine healthy controls.
"'the clinical features of 2 new cases of sjogren-larsson syndrome are described.
"'two dizygous twin sisters with the sjogren-larsson syndrome are described.
"'atypical incudomalleal and incudostapedial joint changes were found in a 55-year-old woman with long-standing rheumatoid arthritis and sicca syndrome (sjogren syndrome).
none of these patients have true sjogren syndrome.'"
this particular case may be placed within the class of transitional forms of hereditary ichthyoses, and it may thus be proved that the sjogren-larsson syndrome also has its 'formes de passage'.
"'two sibs are described with sjogren-larsson syndrome.
in parallel, the clinic effects of autologous serum diluted to 20% with sodium hyaluronate were compared with another solution of autologous serum diluted to 20% with saline in a prospective, comparative, randomized and double-blind study in 26 patients (52 eyes) with sjogren syndrome.
antinuclear antibodies were present in 97.2%, anti-double stranded deoxyribonucleic acid in 74.1%, anti-ro/sjogren syndrome a in 50.5%, anti-ribonucleoprotein in 43.5%, anti-smith in 40.7% and anti-la/sjogren syndrome b in 29.2%.
in sjogren syndrome patients, goblet cell density was higher at two months of umbilical cord serum treatment compared with autologous serum treatment (p = .04).
"\"<b>objectives</b>: polyneuropathy is the most common neurological complication in primary sjogren's syndrome (pss).
"\"biomarkers to stratify the complex and heterogeneous phenotypes of sjogren's syndrome (ss) are needed.
the study cohort included 111 primary ss and 43 non-ss sjogren's international collaborative clinical alliance (sicca) controls that were obtained from the sjogren's international collaborative clinical alliance registry, in addition to 35 systemic lupus erythematosus (sle) and 35 rheumatoid arthritis (ra) phenotypes.
the types and the prevalence of iraes were as follows: immune thrombocytopenia (0.2%), sjogren syndrome (0.3%), rheumatoid arthritis (0.2%), polymyalgia rheumatica (0.2%), psoriatic arthritis (0.2%), seronegative polyarthritis (0.7%) and sarcoidosis (0.2%).
patients with sjogren syndrome or seronegative polyarthritis were more likely to have received combination therapy with ipilimumab (2.5% for both).
sjogren syndrome.
she had been receiving immunosuppressant and corticosteroid therapy since being diagnosed with systemic lupus erythematosus and sjogren syndrome at the age of 31 years and rheumatoid arthritis at the age of 44 years.
their lung features of hrct imaging were retrospectively analyzed.\\u2029 results: the classifications for 127 patients were as follows: 36 cases of rheumatoid arthritis (28.3%), 34 cases of dermatomyositis and polymyositis (26.8%), 31 cases of systemic sclerosis (24.4%), 18 cases of sjogren syndrome (14.2%), 7 cases of mixed connective tissue disease (5.5%), and 1 cases of systemic lupus erythematosus (0.8%).
the hrct findings for 36 cases of rheumatoid arthritis associated interstitial lung disease were uip (24 cases, 66.7%) and nsip (12 cases, 33.3%); the hrct findings for 34 cases of dermatomyositis and polymyositis associated interstitial lung disease were nsip (32 cases, 94.1%), uip (1 case, 2.9%) and cop (1 case, 2.9%); the hrct findings for 31 cases of systemic sclerosis associated interstitial lung disease were nsip (21 cases, 67.8%), uip (9 cases, 29%), lip(1 case, 3.2%); the hrct findings for 18 cases of sjogren syndrome associated interstitial lung disease were nsip (9 cases, 50.0%), uip (8 cases, 44.4%), lip (1 case, 5.6%); the hrct findings for 7 cases of mixed connective tissue disease associated interstitial lung disease were uip (4 cases, 57.1%), nsip (3 cases, 42.9%).
"\"primary sjogren's syndrome (pss) is a chronic autoimmune disorder associated with a variety of systemic presentations.
subgroup analysis showed that cgrp and npy but not ngf were changed in autoimmune (ie, sjogren syndrome and ocular cicatricial pemphigoid) dry eye disease.
however, data about its plasma level in children with autoimmune disorders, particularly sjogren's syndrome (ss), are lacking.
"\"sjogren's syndrome (ss) often leads to disease-related body defects and functional impairments, which may result in the body image disturbances (bid) of patients.
"\"<i>purpose</i>: to evaluate the efficacy and safety of a novel topical cyclosporin a 0.05% nanoemulsion in comparison with a conventional emulsion in primary sjogren's syndrome dry eyes.<i>methods</i>: prospective, randomized, double-blinded study was conducted.<i>results</i>: corneal and conjunctival staining score was improved in both groups, with a faster change noted in the nanoemulsion group at 12 weeks (p < 0.05).
tear fluid from patients with sjogren syndrome was collected and analyzed by elisa for sil-6r concentration.
in the tear fluid of the patients with sjogren syndrome, sil-6r expression was up-regulated (sjogren syndrome; 2.38 \u00b1 0.98 ng/ml, normal control; 0.16 \u00b1 0.34 ng/ml).
"\"neuromyelitis optic (nmo) is an inflammatory disorder involving central nervous system which often co-exists with other autoimmune diseases such as sjogren's syndrome (ss).
in this study, we summarize the biogenesis of mirnas, their role in regulation of the immune system, and review the latest research findings in systemic lupus erythematosus, primary sjogren's syndrome, rheumatoid arthritis and systemic sclerosis.
in part ii of the review, sarcoidosis, vasculitis, sjogren syndrome, and giant cell arteritis will be discussed.
in part ii, the authors discuss serologic testing for sarcoidosis, vasculitis, sjogren syndrome (ss), and giant cell arteritis (gca).
"\"sjogren's syndrome is a chronic autoimmune\\xa0disorder that causes the inflammation of the lacrimal and salivary glands, resulting in dryness of the eyes and mouth.
treatment directed toward alleviating the fatigue and pain associated with sjogren's is currently very limited.
this report describes a case of a 47-year-old female with suspected sjogren's based on long-standing dry eyes, dry mouth, joint pain, fatigue, elevated measures of inflammation, and a positive rheumatoid factor.
in both diseases autoimmunity plays an important role, in idiopathic uveitis immune reactivity to intraocular autoantigens is pivotal, while in dry eye disease autoimmunity seems to play a role in one subtype of disease, sjogren' syndrome (sjs).
"\"we report on the radiological findings of 8 female patients with primary sjogren's syndrome and pulmonary infiltrations.
lupus nephritis, cardiovascular manifestations and sjogren syndrome were significantly linked to the development of cv ( p\\u2009=\\u20090.025, p\\u2009=\\u20090.023 and p\\u2009<\\u20090.0001, respectively).
conclusion cv is closely related to hypocomplementemia but not to antiphospholipids and is associated with lupus nephritis, musculoskeletal manifestations and sjogren syndrome.'"
sjogren syndrome, sarcoidosis, granulomatosis with polyangiitis, and igg4-related sialadenitis represent the most important autoimmune salivary gland disorders.
in sjogren syndrome, antibodies against ro/ss-a and la/ss-b are essential and part of established classification criteria.
since the patient had sjogren's syndrome, it was considered a breast finding of autoimmune disease.
by using enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay, the anti-srcr and anti-sr-a antibodies were detected in the sera of untreated patients with sle (n = 65), rheumatoid arthritis (n = 65), primary sjogren syndrome (n = 25), and healthy blood donors (n = 85).
anti-sr-a antibodies were present in patients with sle (33.8%), rheumatoid arthritis (13.8%), and primary sjogren syndrome (12.0%).
densities were significantly less in patients with sle vs patients with rheumatoid arthritis and vs healthy subjects (p<.001 for both), as well as in patients with primary sjogren syndrome vs healthy subjects (p<.001).
eight patients (13%) with sle, 2 patients (3%) with primary sjogren syndrome, and 2 patients (4%) with rheumatoid arthritis had densities below the lower reference limit of 3.4 fibers/mm, consistent with small-diameter nerve fiber neuropathy.
"\"patients with anti-ssa(ro)-positive sjogren's syndrome (ss)/lupus erythematosus (le) overlap are a immunogenetically, serologically and clinically homogeneous group; what they have in common is an increased frequency of the hla-dr3 phenotype, demonstrating ssa(ro) antibody activity and the typical annular, polycyclic, erythematous lesions of subacute cutaneous le.
"\"renal disease as the sole manifestation of extra-glandular involvement is rare in primary sjogren's syndrome.
we report a case of membranous nephritis presenting with proliferative changes including crescents, which led to renal insufficiency in a patient with primary sjogren's syndrome.
"\"sjogren's syndrome (ss) is an autoimmune rheumatic disease that targets salivary and lachrymal glands, characterized by a high concentration of serum autoantibodies directed against nuclear and cytoplasmic antigens.
the objective of this work was to explore whether autoantibodies contained in igg purified from sjogren sera trigger apoptotic process in an experimental model represented by the human salivary gland cell line a-253.
the results have demonstrated that morphological changes and dna laddering, consistent with apoptotic cell death, occurred in a-253 cells treated with igg from sjogren sera.
sjogren igg induced cleavage and activation of the effector caspase-3 and degradation of the caspase-3 substrate poly(adp-ribose)polymerase.
in conclusion, autoantibodies contained in igg purified from sjogren sera mediate apoptosis of the a-253 cell line in a caspase-dependent manner.\""
repeat anti-sjogren syndrome a and anti-sjogren syndrome b titers and labial gland biopsy confirmed the diagnosis of concomitant sjogren's syndrome (ss).
"'primary sjogren syndrome (pss) can be considered a systemic autoimmune disease with a strong organ bias.
"\"<b>objective:</b> to analyze the clinical characteristics of primary sjogren's syndrome (pss) with venous system thrombosis (vt), and to improve the understanding of the disease.
the most common indications currently for the procedure are scars, juvenile recurrent parotitis, radioiodine sialadenitis, and sjogren syndrome, respectively.
the etiological classification is hyposecretory\\n(sy-sjogren and non-sjogren) and evaporative (extrinsic and intrinsic) form.
kaplan-meier analysis showed that there was propensity for spontaneous punctal plug loss or plug removal in the sjogren group as compared to the non-sjogren group.
between 1997 and 2010, the highest number of newly diagnosed sards cases were rheumatoid arthritis (n\\u200a=\\u200a35,182), followed by systemic lupus erythematosus (sle, n\\u200a=\\u200a15,623), sjogren syndrome (n\\u200a=\\u200a11,998), kawasaki disease (n\\u200a=\\u200a3469), inflammatory bowel disease (n\\u200a=\\u200a2853), scleroderma (n\\u200a=\\u200a1814), beh\u00e7et disease (n\\u200a=\\u200a1620), dermatomyositis (n\\u200a=\\u200a1119), polymyositis (n\\u200a=\\u200a811), and vasculitis other than kawasaki disease (n\\u200a=\\u200a644).
a significant standardized incidence ratio (sir) of overall cancer was observed for patients with sle (1.41; 95% confidence interval [ci], 1.28-1.56), sjogren syndrome (1.19; 95% ci, 1.08-1.30), scleroderma (1.27; 95% ci, 1.02-1.59), dermatomyositis (4.79; 95% ci, 4.01-5.73), polymyositis (1.47; 95% ci, 1.05-2.06), vasculitis excluding kawasaki disease (1.75; 95% ci, 1.20-2.55), and kawasaki disease (2.88; 95% ci, 1.60-5.20).
human tears from normal control subjects and patients with dry eye (de) with and without sjogren syndrome were evaluated for tgf-beta concentration by luminex microbead assay, and tgf-beta activity by the ccl-185 cell growth inhibition bioassay.
among patients with de, tgf-beta bioactivity was highest in those with sjogren syndrome.
tear tgf-beta bioactivity increases in de, particularly in sjogren syndrome, where elevated levels of tgf-beta1 transcripts in the conjunctival epithelium have been previously detected.
"'gitelman syndrome is a rare hereditary disorder of the thiazide-sensitive nacl transporter in the distal renal tubular cells, but mimicking of such hereditary tubular disorders has been described in different autoimmune diseases (sjogren syndrome, sle, ...).
the diagnostic evaluation identified a sjogren syndrome with early endophthalmitis as the reason for the red eyes.
substitution with potassium and magnesium improved the initial symptoms of weakness, but renal electrolyte wasting persisted even after treatment of sjogren syndrome.
although these syndromes are very rare, netherton syndrome, sjogren-larsson syndrome, conradi-h\u00fcnermann-happle syndrome, dorfman-chanarin syndrome, ichthyosis follicularis, atrichia and photophobia (ifap) syndrome, and refsum syndrome have been described in texts as representative ones.
"\"the risk of malignant b cell lymphoma is increased in sjogren's syndrome (ss).
"\"latent renal tubular diseases are common in sjogren's syndrome but rarely complicated by osteomalacia.
"\"four patients, 2 males and 2 females, with primary sjogren's syndrome (pss) and neurologic involvement are described.
we linked a human intracisternal a-type retroviral particle (hiap) to systemic autoimmune diseases, such as sjogren's syndrome.
"\"the authors report a case of a thymoma associated with gougerot-sjogren's syndrome in a patient aged 40 years.
"\"several forms of peripheral neuropathy occur in sjogren's syndrome (dryness of eyes, mouth and other mucous membranes).
we report three rare forms of peripheral neuropathy related to sjogren's syndrome and analyze their clinical course and response to therapy.
all of them fulfilled the criteria of sjogren's syndrome, without clinical or serological abnormalities of systemic disease.
in conclusion, sjogren's syndrome must be considered in neuropathies of unknown cause not only when they are sensory, autonomic or trigeminal but also when they are recurrent suggesting an ischemic mechanism.
even a cidp requires a search for sjogren's syndrome before being considered idiopathic.\""
"\"the relationships between some allo-antigens of the hla system and beta 2-microglobulin (beta 2m) serum level were examined in a group of 24 subjects with primitive sjogren's syndrome (pss).
the aim of this study was the development of a method of preparation of ro(ss-a) antigen enabling greater sensitivity in the detection by ii of the corresponding antibodies, then application of this method in a series of 63 cases of primary sjogren's syndrome in order to study the clinical significance of anti-ro(ss-a) antibodies.
the series of 63 cases of primary sjogren's syndrome (57 f, 6m) included 50 of extraglandular primary sjogren's syndrome and 13 of isolated glandular primary sjogren's syndrome.
twenty two cases of primary sjogren's syndrome had anti-ro(ss-a) (35%).
the incidence of anti-ro did not differ statistically between the extraglandular (40%) and glandular (15%) primary sjogren's syndrome groups.
"\"authors report the case of a 42 years old female with primary sjogren's syndrome in whom nine years after the beginning of her disease generalised swollen lymphatic nodes and enlargement of liver as well as a spleen has appeared.
attention is drawn to the necessitate of regular control of patients with sjogren's syndrome.
with reference to the presented case a short review of the sjogren's syndrome is given by the authors.\""
biopsy of minor salivary glands showed mononuclear infiltrates typical of sjogren's syndrome.
"\"a 68-year old woman suffering from sjogren's syndrome for the last 30 years took sulphasalazine (ssp) for severe signs and symptoms at the joints.
"\"it is well known that the incidence of malignant lymphomas (non-hodgkin type) is increased in patients with sjogren's syndrome.
"\"basing on anamnestic and clinical findings in sjogren's syndrome, methods of examination of the salivary glands are outlined.
patients with sjogren's syndrome must be controlled regularly because of the above-average risk of developing non-hodgkin lymphoma.\""
"\"we report a case who presenting with a progressive numbness and mild hyperpathia in the second cutaneous division of the left trigeminal nerve as the leading symptom of primary sjogren's syndrome.
the presence of the precipitating antinuclear antibodies ss-a and/or ss-b is pathognomonic for sjogren's syndrome.
"\"tests for lung function assessment were performed in 36 subjects (34 women, 2 men; mean age 56 +/- 2.2 years) presenting with sjogren's syndrome of 8.4 +/- 1.0 years duration.
sjogren's syndrome was assessed by anatomo pathological methods and divided into primary (n = 9) and secondary (n = 27).
secondary sjogren's syndrome (sgs ii) was associated mainly with a connective tissue disease (rheumatoid arthritis in 23 cases).
the diagnostic difficulties are discussed and the literary data on sjogren's syndrome in childhood are summarized.\""
viscosity measurements, made with a cone/plate viscometer at shear rates between 1.15 and 230 s-1, revealed similarities between the saliva of normal individuals and sjogren's syndrome.\""
"\"3 new cases of dermatomyositis associated with diffuse interstitial pulmonary fibrosis and, more exceptionally, with sjogren's syndrome are reported.
these lesions are the same as those seen in sjogren\\'s syndrome.
these lesions could be the pseudo-tumoral form of isolated, so-called primary, sjogren\\'s syndrome.
"\"in order to study the importance of myoepithelial cells in the formation of parotid epi-myoepithelial islands of the autoimmune sialoadenitis in sjogren's syndrome, the distribution of cytoskeletal elements has been investigated by electron and immunofluorescence microscopy.
"\"when primary and not part of a systemic autoimmune disease, sjogren's syndrome has peculiar clinical, serological and genetic features.
"\"during routine immunofluorescence studies of the serum of a patient with sjogren's syndrome and lymphoma we detected antibodies giving a cytoplasmic pattern which did not correspond to previously described patterns found for autoantibodies.
none of the sera from 50 normal individuals, seven patients with sjogren's syndrome (five of them primary and two associated with rheumatoid arthritis; none of them with lymphoma), 25 patients with mixed connective tissue disease, 10 patients with systemic lupus erythematosus and five patients with progressive systemic sclerosis, had antibodies directed against this cytoplasmic specificity, as determined by indirect immunofluorescence.
"\"in a prospective study, 66 patients fulfilling the criteria of sjogren's syndrome were evaluated from the standpoint of the presence of soluble ss-a, ss-b and rnp specific nuclear antigen antibodies.
there were 25 cases of pure sjogren's syndrome and 41 cases of this syndrome associated with a connective tissue disease.
anti ss-a antibodies were found in 10 per cent of cases and anti ss-b in 21 per cent, without there being any significant difference in prevalence between pure and associated forms of sjogren's syndrome.
18 per cent of the patients had anti-rnp with a majority of associated forms of sjogren's syndrome.
in this population of 66 patients with sjogren's syndrome, no clinical manifestation appeared to be correlated with the presence of anti ss-a and ss-b antibodies.
"\"five cases of pseudolymphoma in sjogren's syndrome were reported.
after recognition of the sjogren's syndrome and a pseudolymphoma appearance, the risk of lymphomatous evolution enjoin a clinical close attention.
results of schirmer's tests, corneal fluorescent studies, parotid flow-rate testing, and a lip biopsy were consistent with sjogren's syndrome.
possibly, activated lymphocytes may have a role in the pathogenesis of graft-versus-host disease, scleroderma, and sjogren's syndrome.\""
"\"the symptoms of both gougerot-sjogren's syndrome and sialadenosis consist in a reduction of salive and tear production.
"\"the authors, report a case of scleroderma associated with sjogren's syndrome and chronic active hepatitis, and propose a series of theories on the relationship between these 3 conditions.
"\"the mouse was selected to provide an experimental model for sjogren's disease.
"\"three patients with eye and salivary dryness presenting the scintigraphic and histological features of sjogren's syndrome and also suffering from sarco\u00efdosis, are reported.
they point out that sjogren's syndrome occurring in relation with sarco\u00efdosis has certain special features.
"\"hepatitis c virus (hcv) has been found in the serum of 3 out of 109 patients with sjogren's syndrome, whereas sjogren's syndrome has been demonstrated in 3 out of 7 hcv-positive patients.
the six hcv-positive sjogren's syndrome patients were compared with 95 hcv-negative sjogren's syndrome patients.
the diagnosis of goujerot-sjogren's syndrome was retained after demonstration of hypergammaglobulinaemia, a positive rose bengale test and histological examination of biopsy specimens from the accessory salivary glands which revealed advanced typical lesions.
"\"we present 6 cases of patients diagnosed of primary sjogren's syndrome (pss) according to fox's criteria (1986).
"\"in order to characterize typical mri-findings in patients with sjogren's syndrome who present recurrent parotid swelling 15 patients with clinical diagnosis of this disease were examined in a prospectives study.
"'in a retrospective study, we used a series of 29 patients with sjogren\\'s syndrome diagnosed according to the new european criteria (cl.
"\"we report three cases of primary sjogren's syndrome in silicotic coal miners.
all patients fulfilled the diagnostic criteria for sjogren's syndrome recently established by the european community study group.
on the contrary, any case of sjogren's syndrome was till now described in the course of pulmonary silicosis.
"\"the authors report a patient with concomitant sjogren's syndrome and chronic hepatitis c. close associations between autoimmune liver disease, chronic hepatitis c, and sjogren's syndrome have been demonstrated.
prevalence of hepatitis c virus infection in patients with sjogren's syndrome and potential therapeutic implications of this disease combinations remain to be determined.\""
the diagnosis of primary sjogren's syndrome was established 3 years 6 months after the onset of the disease.
a high level of antinuclear antibodies to ssa and ssb was associated with inflammatory lesions in minor salivary glands biopsy samples consistent with the diagnosis of sjogren's syndrome.\""
"\"primary sjogren's syndrome (pss) is characterized by chronic inflammation, resulting in secondary changes in serum protein content.
"\"the authors report on a very rare case of an isolated primary nodular pulmonary amyloidosis with multiple emphysematous bullae in sjogren's syndrome.
"\"two cases of primary sjogren's syndrome revealed by dementia are reported.
the diagnosis of sjogren's syndrome was established by biopsy of the minor salivary glands.
dementia in sjogren's syndrome seems to be without aphasia, apraxia or agnosia, and associated with psychiatric features, particularly depressive symptoms, thus including some characteristics of subcortical dementia.
"\"to explore the possible etiological associations between the infection of epstein-barr virus (ebv) and the occurrence of renal tubular acidosis (rta) of primary sjogren's syndrome (ss), renal biopsies from both primary ss with clinical or subclinical rta and controls were detected by using a monoclonal antibody against ebv early antigen p138 and a 32p-labelled ebv bam w probe.
with secondary sjogren's syndrome (ss) associated with rheumatoid arthritis (ra), 173 patients with ra were studied.
"\"the effect of a traditional chinese medicine 'bakumond\u00f4 t\u00f4' was evaluated on salivary secretion in thirty-eight patients with sjogren's syndrome (sjs) and the results were compared with a matchen control group of patients treated with hoch\u00fbekki-t\u00f4.
"\"thyroid autoantibodies have been found in 28 to 38 per cent of sjogren's syndrome cases.
in this study, we inversely investigated, the presence of sjogren's syndrome antibodies in autoimmune thyroid diseases, ie rheumatoid factors, antinuclear soluble antigens ssb/la and ssa/ro, anti-salivary ducts.
"\"forty-seven patients were diagnosed as having systemic lupus erythematosus (sle) and 34 patients primary sjogren's syndrome (ss); 30 controls were also studied.
the favorable course both of sjogren's syndrome and polymyositis with hydroxychloroquine treatment is unexpected.
"\"two cases of rheumatoid arthritis with sjogren's syndrome are reported which developed chronic myelocytic leukemia.
the relationships between these illnesses, rheumatoid arthritis and sjogren's syndrome on the one hand, and a myeloproliferative disorder on the other hand, are discussed, as well as the possible role of the treatment regimens (synoviorthesis with radio-isotopes in case number 1).
"\"hybrids of new zealand black and new zealand white mice were used in an animal model for sjogren's syndrome.
sjogren's syndrome was diagnosed when the patient developed dryness of the eyes and mouth, 7 years after the first episode.
"\"the authors observed one case of myoclonic dementia reversible with steroid therapy, associated with grave's disease and sjogren's syndrome.
"\"serum electrophoresis and immunoelectrophoresis were performed in 67 patients with sjogren's syndrome.
1 monoclonal gammapathy was detected in 2 of 21 patients with primary sjogren's syndrome.
"\"in a group of 11 patients with sjogren's syndrome bromhexine improved tear secretion in 7 cases and salivary secretion in 4.
the results of the scintigraphic study were closely correlated with clinical and histological data in patients with sjogren's syndrome.
this method, which accurately quantifies the salivary function without danger nor discomfort to the patients, has a number of advantages: (a) it is sensitive enough to detect minimal salivary gland dysfunction; (b) it differentiates between parotid gland and submandibular gland involvement and demonstrates asymmetry in pathological processes; (c) it helps in following up patients with sjogren's disease and in assessing the results of immunosuppressive or anti-inflammatory treatment.\""
"\"the authors report two cases of sjogren's syndrome presenting as chronic obstructive bronchopulmonary disease.
they stress the need to consider the possibility of sjogren's syndrome when confronted with chronic obstructive lung disease in a woman in her fifties, without history of bronchopulmonary disease or smoking, unexposed to occupational dust and without ent infection or gastro-oesophageal reflux.\""
"\"the signs of sjogren's syndrome were systematically researched in 36 patients with hypothyroidism (myxoedema with atrophic thyroiditis in 32 cases, hashimoto's thyroiditis in 4).
similarities between the sjogren's syndrome and the autoimmune thyroiditis were specified; their association in the same patients might be explained considering the genetic predisposition to these affections.\""
"\"lysozyme (lzm), immunoglobulins and beta 2-microglobulin concentrations were measured in the saliva of 79 patients with primary (n = 29) or secondary (n = 50) sjogren's syndrome and in a control population.
these results indicate that salivary lzm concentration may be of value in the diagnosis of sjogren's syndrome.\""
thirty-one controls and 20 patients with generalised scleroderma (10 with and 10 without sjogren's syndrome) were studied.
the measurement of igg in unconcentrated saliva could be useful in the detection of sjogren's syndrome.\""
"\"this article describes the relationship between sjogren's syndrome and benign hyperglobulinemic purpura of waldenstrom (bhpw).
although the term ail has never been used before in the title of previous publications of pseudo-lymphomas occuring during sjogren\\'s syndrome, it would seem possible, as has already been suggested by diebold et al.
all four allograft recipients had minor salivary gland histopathology identical to that of sjogren's syndrome.
in contrast, none of the recipients of autologous bone marrow had clinical, laboratory, or histologic findings resembling sjogren's syndrome.\""
"\"the corneal pathology in rheumatoid arthritis and sjogren's syndrome is described with emphasis on rheumatic keratomalacia.
"\"the authors report two cases of sjogren's syndrome which fulfilled the diagnostic criteria and which were accompanied by voluminous parotid hypertrophy.
total parotidectomy with conservation of the facial nerve, followed by filling of the post-operative cavity by a strip of sterno-mastoid, bilateral in the first case and unilateral in the second, gave excellent results, diminishing the real degree of infirmity which rendered these patients extremely unhappy and the complications related to the parotid hypertrophy of sjogren's syndrome.\""
significant positive correlation between disease duration and imt and negative between vitamin d levels and increased sjogren syndrome disease activity index (ssdai) and syndrome disease damage index (ssddi) were also found in pss.
erosive arthritis was also noted in 1.5% of patients with sle, 5.8% of patients with primary sjogren syndrome, and 9.1% (3/33) of patients with systemic sclerosis.
erosive arthritis also could be detected in sle, primary sjogren syndrome, and systemic sclerosis.
"\"sjogren's syndrome (ss) is a t cell-mediated autoimmune disease of the systemic exocrine glands, such as salivary and lacrimal glands.
however, a marked decrease in the interfollicular cd4:cd8 ratio was observed in all hiv+ clh cases, which was statistically significant when compared with the hiv- cases (p = .02) and cases of lesa of sjogren syndrome (p = .03).
an increased risk of lpl-wm was associated with a family history of the following autoimmune or infectious diseases: sjogren syndrome (or = 5.0, 95% ci = 2.1 to 12.0), autoimmune hemolytic anemia (or = 3.8, 95% ci = 1.1 to 13.2), guillain-barr\u00e9 syndrome (or = 4.1, 95% ci = 1.8 to 9.4), cytomegalovirus (or = 2.7, 95% ci = 1.4 to 5.3), gingivitis and periodontitis (or = 1.9, 95% ci = 1.3 to 2.7), and chronic prostatitis (or = 4.3, 95% ci = 1.7 to 11.1).
the association of both personal and family history of sjogren syndrome and autoimmune hemolytic anemia with risk of lpl-wm indicates the potential for shared susceptibility for these conditions.
"'most of the lymphoproliferative diseases involving the salivary glands represent indolent non-hodgkin b-cell lymphoma (marginal zone lymphoma) related to chronic autoimmune sialadenitis (sjogren disease).
one nlphl in the intraparotid lymph node was accompanied by prominent lymphoepithelial sialadenitis in the absence of clinical signs of sjogren disease.
"\"systemic lupus erythematosus (sle) and sjogren's syndrome (ss) are systemic autoimmune diseases with complex symptoms and pathogenesis that are still not completely understood.
the syndrome may present as a sjogren-like disease that generally associates sicca signs with bilateral parotiditis, lymphadenopathy, and extraglandular organ involvement.
primary sjogren syndrome, chronic hcv or htlv1 infection, graft versus host disease, igg4-related disease, and immune reconstitution inflammatory syndrome are among the differential diagnoses that need to be considered.
"\"sjogren syndrome is chronic, systemic autoimmune disease characterized by lymphocytic infiltration of the exocrine glands.
numerous criteria were proposed for diagnosis of sjogren syndrome.
most widely accepted are american and european group developed international classification criteria for sjogrens syndrome.
the aim of this paper is to emphasis on oral changes, advanced diagnosis, and management of sjogren's syndrome.
each group was divided into three subgroups including lipid tear deficiency (ltd), sjogren syndrome dry eye (ssde), and non-sjogren syndrome dry eye (non-ssde) for data analysis.
although the patient had sicca symptoms and fulfilled four of the diagnostic criteria for sjogren syndrome, the diagnosis was excluded, because of infection with hepatitis c virus, an exclusion criterion of sjogren syndrome.
these pathological findings resembled those previously reported in sjogren syndrome.
"\"primary sjogren's syndrome (pss) is a systemic autoimmune disease, characterized by lymphocytic infiltration of the secretory glands.
the patients' clinical records showed that two nbs had a congenital heart block: one with anti-ssa, whose mother had sjogren syndrome, and another with anti-ssa, anti-ssb, anti-ro52, and anti-mitochondrial antibodies (m2 type), whose mother had no diagnosis at the child's birth (cutaneous erythema and positive ana with the same profile).
the two sisters' (two pregnancies 3 years apart) mother had sjogren syndrome, one of them had heart block with positive anti-ssa, and the other was asymptomatic with anti-ssa and anti-ro52.
in this study, we evaluated whether somatostatin receptor scintigraphy (srs) using a radiolabelled somatostatin analogue ((99m)tc-edda/tricine-hynic-tyr(3)-octreotide ((99m)tc-edda/hynic-toc)) is able to detect the presence of immune-mediated processes in patients with rheumatoid arthritis and secondary sjogren's syndrome.
on suspicion of sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) single-voxel 1h-mr spectroscopy of the brain was performed and biochemical testing of fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase (faldh) to establish this diagnosis gave normal results.
systemic lupus erythematosus was the main egid-associated ctd (35%), followed by rheumatoid arthritis (20%), systemic sclerosis or inflammatory myopathies (15%, each), and sjogren's syndrome, scleromyositis or other overlapping connective tissue disease (5%, each).
of the 37 mothers classified as pauci-uas at the nl child's birth, 16 progressed: 5 developed poly-uas, 6 sjogren syndrome (ss), 4 systemic lupus erythematosus (sle) and 1 sle/ss.
mothers with anti-sjogren syndrome a antigen (ssa/)ro and anti-sjogren syndrome b antigen (ssb)/la were nearly twice as likely to develop an autoimmune disease as mothers with anti-ssa/ro only.
serum samples from sle patients and controls were tested for antinuclear antibody (ana), anti-double strain deoxyribonucleic acid (anti-dsdna), anti-u1 ribonucleoprotein (anti-u1 rnp), anti-sjogren syndrome a (anti-ssa), anti-ribosomal p protein (anti-rib-p), anti-smith (anti-sm), anti-sjogren syndrome b (anti-ssb), complement 3 (c3) and complement 4 (c4).
herein the authors report a case of a 45-year-old female patient who presented with diplopia due to bilateral internuclear ophthalmoplegia, with no evidence of brainstem lesion in brain magnetic resonance imaging (mri) and was diagnosed with primary sjogren's syndrome.\""
this cutaneous feature is characteristic of sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls), an inborn error of lipid metabolism caused by deficiency of fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase (faldh).
the most common newly identified conditions included occult thyroid eye disease (n = 20), primary sjogren syndrome (4), and sjogren syndrome suspect (1).
disease activity was assessed with european league against rheumatism (eular) sjogren's syndrome disease activity index (essdai) and eular sjogren's syndrome patient reported index (esspri).
it is the dysfunction of the maternal immune system that leads to the production of autoantibodies to anti-sjogren syndrome-a, anti-sjogren syndrome-b, and anti-ribonuclear protein antigens.
sjogren syndrome (sjs) is an autoimmune exocrinopathy, characterized by dryness of the mouth and eyes and a multitude of other systemic signs and symptoms.
patients with chronic hepatitis c do frequently have histological signs of sjogren-like sialadenitis with mild or even absent clinical symptoms.
tear fluid from patients with sjogren syndrome and graft-versus-host disease (gvhd) was collected and analyzed by elisa for stnfr1 concentration.
in the tears of the patients with sjogren syndrome and gvhd, stnfr1 expression was upregulated.
seven (50 %) patients had sjogren's syndrome, and the remaining seven were asymptomatic carriers of autoantibodies.
in contrast, patients with sjogren syndrome showed no significant migration in spite of the stimulation.
however, some participants with sjogren syndrome or dry mouth showed a significant increase in the migration of melanoidin after stimulation.
"\"primary sjogren's syndrome (pss) is a systemic autoimmune disease characterized by dryness and systemic involvement in more than a third of the patients.
sjogren's syndrome commonly remains either undiagnosed or is diagnosed years after the onset of symptoms.
the dental professional must recognize the signs and symptoms of xerostomia, include sjogren's syndrome in their differential diagnosis, and communicate those findings and concerns to other health care providers, including the primary care physician, rheumatologist and ophthalmologist for evaluation in a timely fashion.
systemic lupus erythematosus (sle) and primary sjogren's syndrome (ss).
"\"primary sjogren's syndrome is a chronic systemic autoimmune disease that causes destruction of lacrimal and salivary glands.
"'sjogren\u2019s syndrome (ss) is a chronic, progressive autoimmune disease primarily affecting women.
"'sjogren syndrome (ss) is a systemic autoimmune disease that mainly affects the salivary and lacrimal glands.
"\"significantly lower platelet serotonin level (psl) in patients with primary sjogren's syndrome (pss) than in healthy controls has been reported in our prior studies.
sjogren syndrome related antinuclear antibodies (anti-ro and anti-la) were found in one of the two patients but the typical clinical symptoms of sjogren syndrome such as xerostomia and keratoconjunctivitis were absent in this patient.
sjogren's syndrome (ss) is a chronic autoimmune disease characterized by cellular infiltration in exocrine glands and extraglandular tissue, being the respiratory tract an important target.
we have proved that in this experimental sjogren's syndrome animal model (nod mice); airborne pollution exacerbates pre-existing pulmonary lesions.
these findings show experimental evidence on the harmful effects of airborne pollution on the airways of patients with sjogren's syndrome.\""
cmtm1, cmtm2, cmtm3, and cmtm6 play a role in rheumatoid arthritis, systemic sclerosis, sjogren syndrome, and anti-phospholipid syndrome, respectively.
sb and tb impression cytology performed on control eyes, sjogren syndrome (ss) atd, and non-ss atd was stained with period acid schiff.
this chapter emphasizes congenital and genetic disorders, but we also discuss the pathophysiology and manifestation of various acquired neurocutaneous disorders with an emphasis behcet's disease, dermatomyositis, sjogren's syndrome, systemic lupus erythematosus, scleroderma, parry-romberg syndrome and degos disease.
alterations of kidney function in sjogren syndrome, systemic scleroderma (ssc), auto-immune myopathies (dermatomyositis and polymyositis), systemic lupus erythematosus (sle), antiphospholipid syndrome nephropathy (apsn) as well as rheumatoid arthritis (ra) are frequently present and physicians should be aware of that.in sle, renal prognosis significantly improved based on specific classification and treatment strategies adjusted to kidney biopsy findings.
treatment of the underlying autoimmune disorder or discontinuation of specific therapeutic agents improves kidney function in most patients with sjogren syndrome, auto-immune myopathies, apsn and ra.in this review we focus on impairment of renal function in relation to underlying disease or adverse drug effects and implications on treatment decisions.'"
the cohort included 18 patients; systemic sclerosis (7), rheumatoid arthritis (5), systemic lupus erythematosus (4), sjogren syndrome (1) and antisynthetase syndrome (1).
stolt p, k\u00e4llberg h, lundberg i, sjogren b, klareskog l, alfredsson l; eira study group.
"'total bilateral limbal stem cell deficiency results from various pathologies, from burns (either chemical or physical) to sjogren syndrome, aniridia or ocular cicatricial pemphigoid.
aim of this review is to summarize the available data and recent advances about therapeutic strategies for ild in the context of various ctd, such as systemic sclerosis, idiopathic inflammatory myopathy and sjogren syndrome, systemic lupus erythematosus, mixed connective tissue disease and undifferentiated connective tissue disease, and interstitial pneumonia with autoimmune features, focusing also on ongoing clinical trials.\""
inclusion criteria included aictd previous diagnosis, which included systemic sclerosis (ssc), mixed connective tissue disease (mctd), systemic lupus erythematosus (sle), sjogren syndrome, inflammatory idiopathic myopathies (iim), rheumatoid arthritis, undifferentiated connective tissue disease and antiphospholipid syndrome (aps).
oc most likely occurred in patients with such ctd as sjogren syndrome (ss) and behcet syndrome.
four probands, with presumptive arci, turned out to be keratinopathic ichthyosis (2), neutral lipid storage disease (1), and sjogren-larsson syndrome (1), respectively.
in addition, they are frequently associated with chronic antigenic stimulation represented either by infectious agents, particularly bacteria and viruses, or autoimmune diseases as exemplified by sjogren syndrome, hashimoto thyroiditis, and newly recognised igg4-related disease.
genetically, infantile neuroaxonal dystrophy (7/21), ataxia with oculomotor apraxia type 1 (5/21), neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis type 5 (2/21), ataxia with oculomotor apraxia type 2 (1/21), lafora disease (1/21), tremor ataxia syndrome accompanying central hypomyelination (1/21), charlevoix-saguenay ataxia (1/21), marinesco-sjogren syndrome (1/21), vldrl-associated cerebellar hypoplasia (1/21), and tsen54-related pontocerebellar hypoplasia (1/21) mutations were detected.
review of systems questionnaire, medical history, dry eye questionnaire and laboratory work-up (sjogren-specific antibody a (ssa), sjogren-specific antibody b (ssb), rheumatoid factor (rf) and antinuclear antibody (ana)) were obtained.
an 'acquired' form of gitelman syndrome has been reported earlier in association with sjogren syndrome and systemic sclerosis.
activation of mtor has been implicated in a number of chronic inflammatory diseases, especially rheumatic diseases, such as systemic lupus erythematosus (sle), rheumatoid arthritis (ra), systemic sclerosis (ssc), sjogren syndrome (ss) and seronegative spondyloarthropathy (spa).
hyperprolactinemia has been detected in many patients with different autoimmune diseases, such as rheumatoid arthritis, systemic lupus erythematosus, sjogren syndrome, multiple sclerosis, autoimmune thyroid disease, systemic sclerosis, among others, and its believed to play a crucial role in disease pathogenesis.
patients suffered from connective tissue disease with clinical overlap of subtypes systemic lupus erythematosus, sjogren syndrome and dermatomyositis.
"'the unfolded protein response (upr) has been reported during normal development of cortical neurons and cerebellar white matter and may also contribute to the pathogenesis of neurological conditions, such as marinesco-sjogren syndrome and borna virus infection, which result in cerebellar defects.
<b>methods:</b> from january 2016 to june 2017, balf of patients with rheumatoid arthritis-associated interstitial lung disease (ra-ild group), patients with dermatomyositis-associated interstitial lung disease (dm-ild group), and patients with primary sjogren syndrome-associated interstitial lung disease (pss-ild group) of peking university people's hospital were collected.
pruritus is one of the most common symptoms in these diseases, with significant impact on the quality of life of patients.\\n\\nobjective: to characterize the frequency, location, severity, and timing relative to disease onset of pruritus in different actds.\\n\\nmethods: a chart review of all patients seen in the rheumatology-dermatology clinic at massachusetts general hospital.\\n\\nresults: itch was a troubling symptom in 83% of dermatomyositis (dm), 61% of systemic lupus erythematosus (sle), 59% of sjogren syndrome (sjo), 22% of systemic sclerosis (ssc), and 60% of mixed connective tissue disease.
in the eyes with non-sjogren syndrome, as(100) and as(50ns) have similar effects in decreasing symptoms and corneal epitheliopathy.
the purpose of the present review is to discuss the pathogenesis, epidemiology, and treatment of osteoporosis in patients affected by rheumatic diseases with special focus for rheumatoid arthritis, psoriatic arthritis, spondyloarthritis, systemic lupus erythematosus, systemic sclerosis, vasculitides, sjogren syndrome, and crystal-induced arthritis.'"
regulation of mirnas were interlinked with upstream regulators such as argonaut 2 (ago2), double-stranded rna-specific endoribonuclease (dicer1), sjogren syndrome antigen b (ssb), neurofibromatosis 2 (nf2), and peroxisome proliferator activated receptor alpha (ppara), activated during stage-specific disease progression.
this region has also been associated with susceptibility to sjogren syndrome and rheumatoid arthritis; however, association studies with systemic sclerosis (ssc) and anca-associated vasculitis (aav) have not been reported.
traits with which slc39a8-deficiency variants are currently associated include mn<sup>2+</sup>-deficient hypoglycosylation; numerous birth defects; leigh syndrome-like mitochondrial redox deficiency; decreased serum high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol levels; increased body mass index; greater risk of coronary artery disease, hypotension, cardiovascular death, allergy, ischemic stroke, schizophrenia, parkinson disease, inflammatory bowel disease, crohn disease, myopia, and adolescent idiopathic scoliosis; systemic lupus erythematosus with primary sjogren syndrome; decreased height; and inadvertent participation in the inflammatory progression of osteoarthritis.'"
sputum autoantibodies (against u1 small nuclear ribonucleoprotein, proteinase\u20113 and ro/sjogren syndrome type a antigen) were negatively associated with exacerbation risks in cluster 2, but positively associated in cluster\\xa03.
all subjects had ocular surface disease and were categorized into the following groups based on etiology of their dry eye: chronic graft versus host disease, stevens-johnson syndrome, sjogren syndrome, or general dry eye syndrome.
the top seven rising topics were selena gomez, sjogren syndrome, autoimmunity, rheumatoid arthritis, rheumatology, antinuclear antibody and autoimmune disease.
however the literature bring to light some other potential indications of this analysis in the exploration of monoclonal gammopathy, also in lymphoid malignancies and some autoimmune diseases such as diabetes, rheumatoid arthritis, systemic lupus erythematosus, multiple sclerosis and sjogren syndrome.'"
dry eye symptoms due to sjogren syndrome were also observed, and visual acuity ou decreased suddenly 10 days after hospitalization.
the overall sir for endometrial cancer was 0.85, with low sir in ankylosing spondylitis (0.37); the hr was 4.05 for sjogren syndrome.
this narrative review discusses the most common rd encountered by gastroenterologists: systemic lupus erythematosus, systemic sclerosis (scleroderma), dermatomyositis/polymyositis, rheumatoid arthritis, sjogren syndrome, overlap syndromes, mixed connective tissue disease, ehlers-danlos syndromes, and other vasculitides.
exclusion criteria were: obstructive lesions, dental malocclusion, sjogren syndrome, congenital iga immunodeficiency, and relevant systemic diseases.
the mol1592 family included three affected subjects with crystalline retinopathy, skin ichthyosis, short stature and congenital adrenal hypoplasia, and were found to harbour a homozygous nonsense mutation (c.682c>t, p.arg228cys) in aldh3a2, reported to cause sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls).
patients were classified as primary rp (n = 245), or secondary: no definite diagnosis (n = 391), ssc (n = 40), primary sjogren syndrome (pss; n = 30), systemic lupus erythematosus (sle; n = 30), mixed connective tissue disease (mctd; n = 7), rheumatoid arthritis (ra; n = 15).
the associated conditions include xerostomia or salivary gland hypofunction; sjogren syndrome-like illness; salivary gland enlargements, including benign lymphoepithelial cysts (cystic lymphoid hyperplasia); diffuse infiltrative cd8+ lymphocytosis syndrome; and mucous extravasation phenomena, especially ranula.
the most common ctd were rheumatoid arthritis, sjogren syndrome and systemic sclerosis.
we recommend that in the clinical scenario of arthralgia, where the diagnoses are lupus, sjogren syndrome and osteoarthritis, rf igm isoform is used followed by acpa.
additional cohorts tested included sera from 100 patients with primary sjogren syndrome (pss) (disease controls) evaluated at the johns hopkins jerome l. greene sjogren's center and sera from 36 healthy individuals.
topics including rheumatoid arthritis, systemic lupus erythematosus, systemic sclerosis, sjogren syndrome, psoriatic arthritis, spondyloarthritis, vasculitis, osteoarthritis, fibromyalgia, and their respective diagnoses, treatments, and outcomes are reflected in the abstracts, which we are pleased to publish in this issue of <i>the journal</i>.'"
in this study, t-cell ptpn2 deficiency in nod mice markedly accelerated the onset and increased the incidence of type 1 diabetes as well as that of other disorders, including colitis and sjogren syndrome.
this retrospective study recruited rheumatoid arthritis (ra), systemic lupus erythematosus (sle) and primary sjogren syndrome (pss) patients with bone mineral density (bmd) tests.
twelve patients with non-sjogren dry eye disease (ded) and secondary filamentary keratitis received treatment with oral guaifenesin 600\\u202fmg twice a day (total dose of 1.2\\u202fg/day) for 4 weeks.
also included were 25 patients with sjogren syndrome (sjs), 29 with rheumatoid arthritis (ra), 38 with sle and 53 healthy controls.
because of the extreme rarity of primary sjogren syndrome in children, one may consider adding anti-ro antibodies to the classification criteria for csle because they are present in \u223c40% of patents with csle.
subsequent evaluations revealed a diagnosis of aqueous tear deficiency in 9 patients, meibomian gland dysfunction in 32 patients, and aqueous tear deficiency combined with meibomian gland dysfunction in 30 patients, aqueous tear deficiency associated with sjogren syndrome in 12 patients, and aqueous tear deficiency and meibomian gland dysfunction associated with sjogren syndrome in 14 patients.
since the pathobiology of ra shares some similarities with other autoimmune diseases, we tested the hypothesis that ra may be associated with irf5\u2011related pathways, as has been reported for systemic lupus erythematosus and sjogren syndrome.
adjusted ors (95% ci) for fibromyalgia among endometriosis patients were 4.1 (2.02-8.36) for systemic lupus erythematosus (sle), 3.1 (1.5-6.2) for sjogren syndrome, 2.9 (1.87-4.7) for ibd, 2.1 (1.6-2.7) for dispensed antidepressants, and 1.7 (1.37-2.2) for diagnosed anxiety/depression.
however, there is a paucity of data on the clinical correlation between anti-sjogren syndrome-related antigen a (anti-ssa)/ro52 antibodies in pm/dm.
there is an increased frequency of autoimmune liver diseases, such as primary biliary cholangitis, autoimmune hepatitis, primary sclerosing cholangitis, or overlap syndrome, in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus, rheumatoid arthritis, sjogren syndrome, systemic sclerosis, vasculitis, and other immune-related diseases.
"\"anti-muscarinic type 3 receptor autoantibodies (anti-m3r) are reported as potential inhibitors of saliva secretion in sjogren's syndrome (sjs).
recently, a pathogenic linkage with other autoimmunity diseases, such as sjogren syndrome (sjs), anti-synthetase antibody syndrome (asas), systemic sclerosis (ss) and subacute cutaneous lupus erythematosus (scle), was also described.
mutations in the human <i>gba2</i> gene have been associated with hereditary spastic paraplegia (hsp), autosomal-recessive cerebellar ataxia (arca), and the marinesco-sjogren-like syndrome.
this new rabbit model more closely mimics sjogren syndrome, in that sg manifestations accompany the lg disease.
it should be well suited to elucidating sjogren pathogenesis and pathophysiology and to evaluating experimental therapies.
the repeatability of measurements in pbs supernatant was substantial to very good for interleukin 6 (il6), il8, il13, il10, il33, vascular endothelial growth factor, soluble receptor for advanced glycation end-products, and tumor necrosis factor-\u03b1; for igg autoantibodies against aggrecan, centromere protein b (cenp-b), collagen ii, collagen iv, cytochrome c, elastin, heat shock protein 47 (hsp47), hsp70, and la/sjogren syndrome type b antigen; for igm autoantibodies against cenp-b, collagen i, collagen ii, collagen iv, cytokeratin 18, and hsp70; and for sputum neutrophils, macrophages and eosinophils count.
the following main search terms were used: primary sjogren syndrome, neurological manifestations, fatigue, cognitive functions, psychiatric manifestations, mild cognitive impairment, dementia, and neurocognitive disorder.
most of the autoimmune diseases were more common in women (eg hypothyroidism, hyperthyroidism, celiac disease, rheumatoid arthritis, lupus, and sjogren syndrome).
significantly higher proportions of comorbidities such as congestive heart failure, diabetes, hypertension, hypothyroidism, liver disease, renal failure, sjogren syndrome, systemic sclerosis and portal hypertension, etc.
many patients (55%) had a history of autoimmune diseases, including hypothyroidism (35%), mucocutaneous lichen planus (28%), psoriasis (7%), vitiligo (3%), systemic lupus erythematosus (3%), iritis (3%), sjogren syndrome (3%), and ulcerative colitis (3%).
herein we present a patient with calciphylaxis who had normal kidney function and numerous rheumatologic diseases, namely systemic lupus erythematosus (sle), sjogren syndrome (ss), and myasthenia gravis (mg).
we report the antenatal managing of a patient in which goujerot-sjogren disease was diagnosed after the revealing of an atrioventricular block in her fetus.
seven patients (17.1%) had a history of sjogren syndrome (ss), all of whom were malt lymphoma.
igg4-rs should be differentiated from other diseases with enlargement of major salivary gland and lacrimal gland, such as primary sjogren syndrome, chronic obstructive submandibular sialadenitis, and eosinophilic hyperplastic lymphogranuloma.'"
four of the patients had a history of autoimmune disease: rheumatoid arthritis, sjogren syndrome, vitiligo, and crohn disease.
disease distribution was as follows: ssc (diffuse or limited cutaneous) 132, overlap syndromes 7, systemic lupus erythematosus17, sjogren syndrome 4, polymyositis 3, and dermatomyositis 3.
"\"neurological symptoms occur in approximately 20% of patients with sjogren's syndrome, and may be the presenting manifestations of the disease.
here, we review several neurological conditions that can occur in sjogren's syndrome: sensory ganglionopathy, painful small fibre neuropathy, and transverse myelitis (independently or as part of neuromyelitis optica).
we present the symptoms, signs, differential diagnoses, recommended diagnostic evaluation, and treatment of each of these, highlighting the features that should alert neurologists to consider sjogren's syndrome.\""
"'systemic lupus erythematosus (sle) and sjogren\\'s syndrome (ss) may coexist, and they are chronic complex disorders, with an autoimmune background, multifactorial etiology, multiple circulating autoantibodies, and variable prognosis.
this disease may be classified as primary sjogren\\'s syndrome (pss), or secondary sjogren\\'s syndrome (sss) since it is often associated to other autoimmune disorders, principally sle, rheumatoid arthritis, and systemic sclerosis.
herein, we updated important aspects of the clinical association between sle and sss through a narrative review of the pubmed database in the last 5 years (from july 2013 to october 2018) with the terms \"sjogren syndrome and systemic lupus erythematosus\".
"'given that diseases associated with anti-ssa/ro autoantibodies, such as systemic lupus erythematosus and sjogren syndrome, are linked with an upregulation of ifn and type i ifn-stimulated genes, including sialic acid-binding ig-like lectin 1 (siglec-1), a receptor on monocytes/macrophages, recent attention has focused on a potential role for ifn and ifn-stimulated genes in the pathogenesis of congenital heart block (chb).
the most frequent ehads among cases were thyroid disease (49/306, 16.01% ), sjogren syndrome (27/306, 8.82%), raynaud phenomenon (23/306, 7.52%), and psoriasis (22/306, 7.19%).
"'<b>objective</b>: review the clinical manifestations and treatment of primary sjogren\\'s syndrome.
<b>data sources</b>: articles indexed in pubmed, scopus, and the cochrane library in the past 10 years using the key words \"sjogren,\" \"sjogren\\'s syndrome,\" \"sjogren\\'s disease,\" and \"sjogren\\'s syndrome and treatment.\" primary sources were used to locate additional resources.
<b>data synthesis</b>: the literature included practice guidelines, review articles, original research articles, and prescribing information for the manifestations, diagnosis, and treatment of primary sjogren\\'s syndrome.
<b>conclusion</b>: primary sjogren\\'s syndrome is a chronic autoimmune disease with various clinical manifestations, notably dry eye, dry mouth, fatigue, and inflammatory musculoskeletal pain.
respondents to a recent survey conducted by the sjogren\\'s syndrome foundation reported using more than eight medications and treatments for their symptoms; more than 60% of respondents were older than 60 years of age.
pharmacists familiar with recommended treatment options can provide advice and counseling to sjogren\\'s syndrome patients on multi-drug regimens prescribed by different health care practitioners.'"
our population included patients with a sard as determined by read code diagnoses of systemic lupus erythematosus, systemic sclerosis, sjogren syndrome, dermatomyositis, polymyositis, mixed connective tissue disease, beh\u00e7et disease, or antineutrophil cytoplasmic antibodies-associated vasculitis between january 1, 2000, and december 31, 2014.
el objetivo de esta revisi\u00f3n es describir la biog\u00e9nesis de los mirna, su funci\u00f3n, as\u00ed como los perfiles de expresi\u00f3n y snp en genes de mirna asociados con diversas enfermedades autoinmunes, incluyendo tiroiditis autoinmune (tiroiditis de hashimoto y enfermedad de graves), lupus eritematoso sist\u00e9mico, artritis reumatoide y s\u00edndrome de sjogren primario.\""
juvenile systemic lupus erythematosus with or without associated antiphospholipid syndrome; juvenile dermatomyositis; sclerodermiform syndromes, including systemic and localized sclerodermas and eosinophilic fasciitis; mixed connective tissue disease; and sjogren syndrome are the disorders that affect children most frequently.
compared with normative data, silicone implants are associated with higher rates of sjogren syndrome (standardized incidence ratio [sir]8.14), scleroderma (sir 7.00), rheumatoid arthritis (sir5.96), stillbirth (sir4.50), and melanoma (sir3.71).
in sjogren's syndrome patients, the ocular surface disease index questionnaire, tear breakup time, vital staining and impression cytology showed a significant correlation between high levels of air pollution and ocular surface disease.
he had no signs of systemic lupus erythematosus or sjogren syndrome.
little is still known about chimerism frequency in twins, but several studies have shown a relation between chimerism and some conditions such as autism, alzheimer's disease, and a group of autoimmune diseases such as sjogren syndrome, systemic lupus erythematosus, and systemic sclerosis.
main causes of diffuse bronchiectasis can be grouped into 5 categories: (1) immune deficiencies; (2) genetic disorders responsible for abnormal mucociliairy clearance (e.g., cystic fibrosis and primary ciliary dyskinesia); (3) autoinflammatory and connective tissue diseases (e.g., rheumatoid arthritis, sjogren syndrome); (4) chronic airway inflammatory disorders (e.g., allergic broncho-pulmonary aspergillosis) or chronic infections (e.g., by nontuberculous mycobacteria) and; (5) sequelae of pulmonary insults (e.g., infection, radiotherapy).
within this group there were 12 with sjogren syndrome and 20 with non-sjogren syndrome.
within the sjogren patient subgroup, those treated with 0.05% cyclosporine also showed a significant decrease in the number of cells positive for cd11a (p<.001) as well as cd3 (p<.03), indicating a reduction in number of activated lymphocytes.
"\"sjogren syndrome is a chronic systemic autoimmune disease in which there is an increased risk of developing non-hodgkin's lymphoma.
we present the case of a female patient diagnosed with follicular non- hodgkin lymphoma within the context of long-term sjogren syndrome.
(prospective maternal surveillance of ssa [sjogren syndrome a] positive pregnancies using a hand-held fetal heart rate monitor; nct02920346).
mutations in <i>gba2</i> have been associated with the development of neurological disorders such as autosomal recessive cerebellar ataxia, hereditary spastic paraplegia, and marinesco-sjogren-like syndrome.
rheumatoid arthritis, systemic lupus erythematosus, sjogren syndrome, systemic sclerosis, systemic vasculitides).
"'we report the case of a 22-year-old woman who is suspected of having primary sjogren s syndrome.
sjogren s syndrome was suspected at that stage, and the serologic and specific analysis were done.
all these tests didn t find any autoimmune or visceral features typical of sjogren s syndrome and autoantibodies were negative.
the most frequent systemic autoimmune diseases were sjogren syndrome (ss) (18.1%), rheumatoid arthritis (ra) (13.8%), and systemic lupus erythematosus (sle) (11%).
in cases of sjogren syndrome and recurrent parotitis, sialendoscopic surgery was performed, but the symptoms showed no improvement.
at present, sialendoscopic surgery have limitation in the treatment of stensen's duct stenosis and may similarly have limitation in the treatment of sjogren's syndrome and recurrent parotitis.\""
many authors debate whether this condition is a secondary manifestation of sjogren syndrome (ss) or a glandular aspect of le.
immunoserologic study yielded positive titers for anti-nuclear antibody (ana), anti-double-stranded dna, anti-sjogren syndrome (ss)-a, anti-ss-b, and anti-ribonucleoprotein (rnp) antibodies.
we suspected longitudinally extensive myelitis associated with the autoimmune disorders systemic lupus erythematosus and sjogren syndrome.
in addition, subgroup analysis based on disease type has indicated that the serum/plasma hmgb1 levels in patients with small vessel vasculitis, systemic lupus erythematosus, rheumatoid arthritis, ankylosing spondylitis and sjogren syndrome were significantly higher, compared to healthy controls.
we report the case of a 70-year old female patient with a history of arterial hypertension, hypothyroidism and sjogren syndrome diagnosed in 2005.
ctd commonly affecting the liver include systemic lupus erythematosus, antiphospholypid syndrome, primary sjogren's syndrome, systemic sclerosis, dermatomyositis, polimyositis, and anti-synthetase syndrome, while overlap syndromes between aild and ctd may also be diagnosed.
"\"primary sjogren's syndrome is a systemic and chronic autoimmune disease.
these disorders can be associated with nephrocalcinosis and renal lithiasis.\\n\\nwe report the case of a patient with primary sjogren who presented proximal renal tubular acidosis associated with recurrent renal colic due to renal lithiasis and nephrocalcinosis.\\n\\nwe highlight the importance of diagnosing renal tubular acidosis in patients with sjogren's syndrome that present alterations in urinary sediment and electrolyte disorders to avoid nephrocalcinosis and nephrolithiasis.
she also had concomitant massive hematuria and proteinuria, fever, multiple positive autoimmune antibodies, hypocomplementemia, abnormal lumbar puncture findings and evidence of sjogren syndrome, which are all rare in wd.
evaluation of her symptoms, autoantibodies and salivary gland pathology was in favour of the diagnosis of sjogren syndrome.
eligible patients were at least 21\\u202fyears of age with a confirmed diagnosis of keratoconjunctivitis sicca with or without sjogren's syndrome refractory to conventional management.the medication used in this study were unit dose vials of unpreserved cyclosporine a 0.05% used twice daily.the protocol was composed of a 2-week washout phase, a 12-week treatment phase, and a 4-week post treatment phase.
out of them, 12 (38%) cases had sjogren syndrome.
previous studies have shown that function loss of sil1 is often associated with neurological diseases, such as marinesco-sjogren syndrome.
previous studies have demonstrated that resolvin d1 activates alx/fpr2 to resolve salivary gland inflammation in the nod/shiltj mouse model of sjogren syndrome.
this review is aimed at describing oral presentations, diagnosis, and treatment strategies for systemic lupus erythematosus, sjogren syndrome, pemphigus vulgaris, mucous membrane pemphigoid, and behcet disease.'"
splenic mesenchymal stem cells contribute to the repair of damaged tissue, and their infusion may thus be a promising therapy for autoimmune diseases, including type 1 diabetes mellitus and sjogren&rsquo;s syndrome.'"
"\"sjogren's syndrome (ss) or sicca syndrome was described by swedish ophthalmologist sjogren in the year 1933 for the first time.
moreover, autoantibodies and blood b cell analysis are major contributors to a clinical diagnosis of sjogren's syndrome.
here, we report a case of a chinese patient with sjogren syndrome (ss) with wild-type tpmt*3c who was diagnosed with aza-induced severe toxicity due to nudt15 mutation based on clinical and laboratory characteristics.
(c) underlying condition: her clinical and laboratory features were best felt to represent sjogren's syndrome (sjs).
advanced diffusion imaging modules can help in diagnosis and staging of sjogren syndrome.'"
sjogren's syndrome (sjs) is characterized by chronic immune attacks against exocrine glands leading to exocrine dysfunction, plus strong up-regulated expressions of ifn irg transcripts.
hcv infection can determine direct extrahepatic manifestations at the oral and periodontal level including oral lichen planus, sjogren-like sialadenitis, and oral cancer.
the most frequent pre-existing aids were vitiligo (n\\xa0=\\xa017), psoriasis (n\\xa0=\\xa012), thyroiditis (n\\xa0=\\xa07), sjogren syndrome (n\\xa0=\\xa04) and rheumatoid arthritis (n\\xa0=\\xa02).
among inflammatory vasculopathies, beh\u00e7et disease showed the highest median frequency of perivenular lesions (34%), followed by pacns (14%), antiphospholipid syndromes (12%), sjogren syndrome (11%), and systemic lupus erythematosus (0%).
subjects had non-sjogren tear deficiency (n = 20), sjogren syndrome tear deficiency (n = 11), meibomian gland disease (n = 15), and non-sjogren tear deficiency with meibomian gland disease (n = 20), and there were 18 non-dry eye subjects.
"'the type i interferon pathway has been implicated in the pathogenesis of a number of rheumatic diseases, including systemic lupus erythematosus, sjogren syndrome, myositis, systemic sclerosis, and rheumatoid arthritis.
rheumatic diseases were specified in 566 (5.14%) kidney transplant recipients: lupus erythematosus, (systemic lupus erythematous nephritis) in 211 (1.92%), vasculitis in 176 (1.60%), amyloidosis aa in 82 (0.75%), hemolytic uremic syndrome in 59 (0.54%), secondary glomerulonephritis in 24 (0.22%), scleroderma in 9 (0.08%), rheumatoid arthritis in 4 (0.04%) and sjogren syndrome in 1 (0.01%).
in contrast, the dermatologic findings of less common rheumatologic disorders, including sjogren syndrome, mixed connective tissue disease, and relapsing polychondritis, are less widely known.
our findings provide fundamental mechanistic insight into the functional specialization of hsp70 nefs and have implications for the understanding of proteostasis-related disorders, including marinesco-sjogren syndrome.'"
"'diagnosis of sjogren syndrome should be based on consideration of the clinical presentation, a pulmonary function test, blood and rheumatology laboratory findings, radiographic imaging patterns, and biopsy results.'"
etiologies of dry eye syndrome were dominated by sjogren syndrome (32\\xa0%) and severe ocular surface conditions (48\\xa0%).
ard subgroups, such as the rheumatoid arthritis and sjogren syndrome (ss) cohorts, were associated with a significantly higher risk of pd (adjusted hazard ratio [hr], 1.14; 95% confidence interval [ci], 1.03-1.2 and adjusted hr, 1.56; 95% ci, 1.35-1.79, respectively).
sjogren syndrome is diagnosed in 7% of aih cases and serologic autoimmunity profiles are a common laboratory abnormality, particularly in the case of serum antimitochondrial (pbc) or anti-liver kidney microsomal antibodies (aih).
"'we recently showed that patients with primary sjogren syndrome (pss) have significantly higher bone mineral density (bmd) compared to healthy controls.
"'we recently showed that patients with primary sjogren syndrome (pss) have significantly higher bone mineral density (bmd) compared to healthy controls.
in addition, it is associated with systemic autoimmune diseases such as sjogren\u00b4s syndrome, rheumatoid arthritis, systemic lupus erythematosus and some drug administration.
occasionally, cutaneous vasculitis is a manifestation or presenting sign of connective tissue disease, such as systemic lupus erythematosus, sjogren syndrome, or another condition.
there were eight patients with sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls), five patients with multiple sulfatase deficiency (msd), one patient with chanarin-dorfman's syndrome, and one patient with mental retardation, enteropathy, deafness, neuropathy, ichthyosis, and keratodermia (mednik) syndrome.
there was in most cases an associated autoimmune disease: 3 patients with systemic lupus erythematosus; 3 with rheumatoid arthritis; 1 with sjogren syndrome; 1 with hashimoto disease; and 1 with mixed connective tissue disease.
ct findings of parotid glands were suggestive of sjogren syndrome, and biopsy of the purpura on the leg demonstrated leukocytoclastic vasculitis.
here we review the current state-of-the art of nuclear medicine for diagnostic purposes in different conditions characterized by a chronic inflammation, such as vulnerable atherosclerotic plaques, vasculitis, rheumatoid arthritis, sjogren syndrome, autoimmune thyroid diseases, inflammatory bowel diseases, coeliac disease, type 1 diabetes mellitus and other immunological diseases.
among the patients with ards, the subgroups with rheumatoid arthritis, systemic lupus erythematosus, and sjogren syndrome (ss) were associated with a significantly higher dementia risk (adjusted hazard ratio [hr] 1.14, 95% confidence index [ci] 1.06-1.32; adjusted hr 1.07, 95% ci 0.86-1.34; adjusted hr 1.46, 95% ci 1.32-1.63, respectively).
hashimoto thyroiditis was the most prevalent ad (24.3% vs. 10%) or\\u200a=\\u200a2.55 (95% ci 1.39-4.70, p\\u200a<\\u200a.0001), followed by psoriasis (4.3% vs. 1.6%), type 1 diabetes (2.7% vs. 0.4%), and sjogren syndrome (2.4% vs. 0.4%).these findings suggest a need for a careful surveillance of autoimmune status, especially for hashimoto thyroiditis in patients with celiac disease.'"
pelizaeus-merzbacher-like disease was found in one case, cerebro-oculo-facio-skeletal syndrome in one case, rubinstein-taybi syndrome in one case, mental retardation type 5 in one case, methylmalonic aciduria combined with hyperhomocysteinemia in 1 case, ataxia telangiectasia in one case, hypomyelinating leukodystrophy type 8 in one case, marinesco-sjogren syndrome in one case and charge syndrome in one case.
sjogren syndrome can mimic myelitis related to primary progressive multiple sclerosis.
in addition, high levels of autoantibodies against the muscarinic acetylcholine receptor m3 as well as those targeting endothelin receptor type a and type 1 angiotensin ii receptor have several implications in the pathogenesis of rheumatic diseases such as sjogren syndrome and systemic sclerosis.
pharmacologic inhibition of trpc3 with the highly selective trpc3 inhibitor pyr3 might be developed for treatment of patients with acute pancreatitis and sjogren syndrome.
"\"patients with primary sjogren syndrome (pss) always suffer from dryness, pain, and fatigue caused by the involvement of multiple different systems or organs.
"\"neonatal lupus erythematosus is an uncommon syndrome, which is caused by transplacental passage of maternal autoantibodies to sjogren's syndrome a or b autoantigens.
the risk of having a child with neonatal lupus erythematosus in mothers who test positive for autoantibodies to sjogren's syndrome autoantigens is approximately 2% for first pregnancies or if previous babies were healthy.
the diagnosis of neonatal lupus erythematosus is made when the mother has autoantibodies to sjogren's syndrome autoantigens, and the fetus or newborn develops atrioventricular heart block, or the newborn develops the typical rash or hepatic or hematologic manifestations in the absence of other explanation.
fetal echocardiography from the 16th to the 26th week of gestation is advised in mothers with autoantibodies to sjogren autoantigens.
cgvhd has some features resembling to autoimmune diseases (ad) such as sjogren syndrome, primary biliary cirrhosis (pbc) and scleroderma (ssc).
there are many cases of multiple sclerosis - like syndrome and demyelinating disorders in systemic lupus erythematosus, sjogren disease, behcet disease and other autoimmune conditions.
methods pubmed and google scholar searches were performed using the following keywords: \"auto-immune disease,\" \"systemic lupus erythematosus (sle),\" \"hearing loss,\" \"temporal bone study,\" \"vertigo,\" \"dizziness,\" \"tinnitus,\" \"ear symptoms,\" \"treatment,\" \"diagnosis,\" \"symptoms,\" \"etiopathogenesis,\" \"wegener granulomatosis,\" \"sjogren,\" \"polyarteritis nodosa,\" \"cogan syndrome,\" and \"granulomatosis.\" also included were reviews in which the following terms were present: \"sle,\" \"temporal bone,\" and \"hearing symptoms.\" review and conclusion this literature review and meta-analysis focused on the pathological mechanisms through which sle can damage inner ear structures and determinate hearing and vestibular symptoms.
pdgfr\u03b1 has been reported to induce de novo synthesis of lamb1 protein in a sjogren syndrome antigen b (la/ssb)-dependent manner in a murine metastasis model.
another unique aspect is that several infectious agents, such as <i>helicobacter pylori</i> in the case of gastric emzl, and autoimmune disorders, like sjogren syndrome, have been implicated in the pathogenesis of this cancer.
in the present series, we report 6 patients with systemic lupus erythematous, mixed connective tissue disease, sjogren syndrome, polymyositis, and anca-positive vasculitis who presented with a spectrum of pulmonary manifestations affecting the airways, lung parenchyma, and probably respiratory muscles.
we identified 3 different histopathologic patterns of interstitial pneumonia consistent with the underlying autoimmune disorder: lymphocytic interstitial pneumonia and non-specific interstitial pneumonia in 2 patients with sjogren syndrome and diffuse alveolar damage in 1 patient with anca-positive vasculitis.
the mother may be completely asymptomatic or have a known inflammatory rheumatic disease, such as sjogren syndrome (ss) or systemic lupus erythematosus (sle).
tf and lf were collected from patients with non-sjogren syndrome ded and from healthy subjects.
"'toll-like receptor 7 (tlr7) is associated with the pathophysiology of systemic lupus erythematosus and sjogren syndrome, well-known diseases accompanying interstitial cystitis (ic).
but she has developed the symptoms of sjogren syndrome 3 years after operation.'"
this article discusses the spectrum of ultrasound features of arthritides seen in rheumatoid arthritis and other connective tissue diseases in adults, such as sjogren syndrome, lupus erythematosus, dermatomyositis, polymyositis, and juvenile idiopathic arthritis.
this mouse model may help us understand the reasons for enhanced susceptibility to lymphoma development exhibited by humans with a variety of autoimmune diseases, such as sjogren syndrome, systemic lupus erythematosus, and highly active rheumatoid arthritis.'"
), bacterial, autoimmune (juvenile sjogren syndrome) or idiopathic (chronic recurrent juvenile sialectatic sialadenitis).
"\"a 72-year-old man who had suffered from rheumatoid arthritis (ra) and sjogren's syndrome (sjs) since he was 66 years of age had been treated with methotrexate (mtx) for six years.
we found that blood t<sub>fr</sub> cells are increased in sjogren syndrome, an autoimmune disease with ongoing gc reactions, especially in patients with high autoantibody titers, as well as in healthy individuals upon influenza vaccination.
in the inferior tarsus, goblet cell density was significantly reduced in patients with non-sjogren syndrome atd as compared with all other groups, except those with inflammatory meibomian gland disease.
mucosal epithelial membrane mucin expression in the bulbar and tarsal conjunctiva was absent in a greater percentage of patients with sjogren syndrome compared with all other groups.
total ocular surface rose bengal staining scores were significantly higher in patients with sjogren syndrome as compared with all other groups and in patients with non-sjogren syndrome atd as compared with control groups.
there was no reactivity against known sjogren-associated autoantigens in sera from aps-i patients using quantitative methods, but 11% were ana positive by immunofluorescence microscopy.
areas for future research include the role of genetic mechanisms in non-sjogren syndrome dry eye, the targeting of the terminal duct in meibomian gland disease and the influence of gaze dynamics and the closed eye state on tear stability and ocular surface inflammation.'"
three had a mutation in the gene encoding ae1, 4 had gougerot-sjogren syndrome and no cause was found in the remaining 4 cases.
"'autoimmune dacryoadenitis, such as sjogren syndrome, comprises multifactorial and complex diseases.
some features were not consistent with codas syndrome but overlapped with marinesco-sjogren syndrome, a multisystem disorder caused by a mutation in sil1.
the underlying diseases were stevens-johnson syndrome (22 eyes), sjogren's syndrome (11 eyes), graft-versus-host disease (2 eyes), dry eye after keratomileusis (2 eyes) and undifferentiated ocular surface disease (4 eyes).
the percentage of eyes expressing the hla-dr antigen in the temporal conjunctiva after wearing sccl for 12 months significantly increased in patients with sjogren's syndrome (11.11% to 66.66%; p=0.0498).
"\"we report two cases of neuromyelitis optica (nmo) associated with primary sjogren's syndrome (pss), comparing the clinical and laboratory features of these predominant neurological patients and reporting their different outcome.
our patients had a late pss diagnosis, due to the absence of sicca syndrome and specific sjogren serology in the early stages of their diseases, when the neurological symptoms prevailed.
many nmo patients have an accompanying autoimmune disease, most commonly sjogren syndrome and systemic lupus erythematosus or a related profile of non-organ-specific autoantibodies.
the presence of the anti-aquaporin4 antibodies, besides anti-ro and anti-la, in both reported cases, is intriguing and raises the question of whether we are facing two distinct diseases or the nmo is just complicating an unusually less expressive sjogren's syndrome subtype.\""
two sle subgroups previously described to be at high cvd risk; 1) patients with nephritis and 2) patients with anti-phospholipid antibodies (apl), and one subgroup reported to be at comparatively lower cvd risk; patients positive for sjogren\u00b4s syndrome antigens a/b (ssa/ssb) antibodies were analyzed separately in comparison with their respective matched controls.
topics such as rheumatoid arthritis, systemic lupus erythematosus, systemic sclerosis, sjogren syndrome, psoriatic arthritis, spondyloarthritis, vasculitis, osteoarthritis, fibromyalgia, pediatric rheumatology, and their respective diagnoses, treatments, and outcomes are reflected in the abstracts, which we are pleased to publish in this issue of <i>the journal</i>.'"
"'in both humans and animal models, the development of sjogren syndrome (ss) and non-ss keratoconjunctivitis sicca (kcs) increases with age.
"'a 41-year-old female with sjogren syndrome presented with a 5-month history of bilateral upper eyelid swelling.
"'ectopic lymphoid neogenesis often occurs in the target tissues of patients with chronic rheumatic autoimmune diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis, sjogren syndrome and other connective tissue disorders, including systemic lupus erythematosus and myositis.
associated autoimmune connective tissue diseases included sjogren syndrome (n=13, 14%) and systemic lupus erythematosus (sle) (n=8, 9%).
autoimmune gastritis, celiac disease, autoimmune hepatitis, rheumatoid arthritis, sjogren syndrome, and systemic lupus erythematodus are of particular clinical relevance.
mothers may have systemic lupus erythematosus, sjogren syndrome, or other connective tissue disease, or may be completely healthy at the time of giving birth.
in some cases, adjuvants may trigger generalized autoimmune response, resulting in multiple auto-antibodies, but sometimes they can reproduce human autoimmune diseases including rheumatoid arthritis, systemic lupus erythematosus, sjogren syndrome, autoimmune thyroiditis and antiphospholipid syndrome and may provide insights about the potential adverse effects of adjuvants.
this previously unexpected reductant capacity for yeast sil1 has potential implications for the human ataxia marinesco-sjogren syndrome, where it is interesting to speculate that a disruption in er redox-signaling (due to genetic defects in <i>sil1</i>) may influence disease pathology.\""
"'cln3 disease (spielmeyer-vogt-sjogren-batten disease, previously known as classic juvenile neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis, ncl) is a pediatric-onset progressive neurodegenerative disease characterized by progressive vision loss, seizures, loss of cognitive and motor function, and early death.
"'the term undifferentiated connective tissue disease (uctd) is used to describe undiagnosed patients that do not fulfill classification criteria for definite connective tissue disease (systemic lupus, systemic sclerosis, sjogren syndrome, and dermatomyositis/polymyositis).
these phenomena might be responsible for the formation of ectopic lymphoid structures and autoantibody production in inflammatory sites such as in ra synovitis, sjogren syndrome salivary glands, and multiple sclerosis plaques.
sjogren patients and patients after submandibular surgery had hyposalivation correlated with less sss.
the majority of ehm were caused by delayed-type hypersensitivity reactions, such as sjogren syndrome, fibrosing alveolitis, autoimmune thyroiditis, tubulointerstitial nephritis, pulmonary granulomatosis/sarcoidosis, systemic scleroderma, rheumatoid arthritis, and ulcerative colitis; immunocomplex pathology including vasculites involving blood vessels of different caliber and localization and polyneuropathy was rarer.
the most frequent one was a combination of sjogren syndrome, fibrosing alveolitis, and tubulointerstitial nephritis, which was found in 16.2% of the patients.
6 7% of the patients had a combination of four ehm - sjogren syndrome, fibrosing alveolitis, tubulointerstitial nephritis, and autoimmune thyroiditis.
the other patient had confirmed sjogren syndrome and pbc.
control groups included scleroderma, systemic lupus erythematosus, sjogren syndrome, rheumatoid arthritis, and healthy subjects.
five groups of patients were enrolled: sle active (sle disease activity index-2000,sledai-2000\u22659), sle remission (sledai-2000\u22644 and there was no organ involvement), rheumatoid arthritis (ra), primary sjogren syndrome (ss) and healthy control (hc).
in particular, 16.8% of patients with systemic lupus erythematosus and 31.1% of patients with sjogren syndrome were positive for anti-carp.
the results of our study demonstrate a significant increase of the prevalence of autoimmune disorders in at patients (with respect to both controls), for the following diseases: chronic autoimmune gastritis (cag), vitiligo (vit), rheumatoid arthritis, polymialgia rheumatica (polym), celiac disease, diabetes, sjogren disease, multiple sclerosis, systemic lupus erythematosus, sarcoidosis, alopecia, psoriathic arthritis, systemic sclerosis, and hcv-related cryoglobulinemia.
seven of them reported concomitant rheumatic complaints, and interestingly, diffuse ctd was diagnosed in 4 (57%) of these patients: 1 systemic lupus erythematosus; 2 sjogren syndrome; and 1 undifferentiated disease with scleritis and positive parotid scintigraphy.
biomarkers are being used as diagnostic or monitoring tools for a wide variety of diseases, including systemic lupus erythematosus, sjogren disease, beh\u00e7et disease, and autoimmune blistering disorders, as well as premalignant and malignant lesions of the mouth.'"
lcna has been associated with autoimmune connective tissue diseases such as most commonly sjogren syndrome.
these lymphomas usually arise in a setting of inflammation due to a persistent infection or autoimmune diseases such as sjogren syndrome in salivary malt lymphomas and hashimoto's thryroiditis in thyroid lymphomas.
serum il-35 was detected in 76 patients with dermatomyositis (dm), 28 patients with polymyositis (pm), 98 disease controls (40 rheumatoid arthritis (ra), 34 systemic lupus erythematosus (sle), 12 systemic sclerosis (ssc), and 12 sjogren syndrome (ss)), and 43 healthy controls by elisa.
elisa method was used to detect the serum level of gpi, and according to clinical features and laboratory test, all the patients including 525 ra patients, the other patients including osteoarthritis (oa), 134 cases of seronegative spine joint disease (spa), 104 cases of systemic lupus erythematosus (sle), 31 cases of primary sjogren syndrome (pss), 24 cases of gout arthritis (ga), 22 cases of other connective tissue diseases (including polymyalgia rheumatica, dermatomyositis, systemic sclerosis, adult still disease) and 46 cases of other diseases (including 165 cases of osteoporosis, avascular necrosis of the femoral head, traumatic osteomyelitis, bone and joint disease, juvenile rheumatoid arthritis, tumor).
clinical manifestations at first thrombocytopenic episode were recorded.systemic lupus erythematosus (sle) and primary sjogren syndrome (pss) accounted for a large part in aids associated with secondary itp.
a link with the hcv infection is considered to be established with membranoproliferative glomerulonephritis, leukocytoclastic vasculitis, lymphoproliferative disorders (in particular b cell lymphoma), sjogren and sicca syndrome, lichen planus, porfyria cutanea tarda and diabetes mellitus.
group ii autoantigens were targets for several rheumatological diseases, including sjogren syndrome, systemic lupus erythematosus, myositis, and systemic sclerosis, and were ubiquitously expressed with enrichment in immune-rich tissues.
this working hypothesis suggests explanations for the excess incidence of sjogren syndrome among women and for the mechanisms of several different immunophysiological states in addition to sjogren syndrome that, like sjogren syndrome, are associated with the classical symptoms and signs of dry eye.
one patient had positive anti-sjogr\u00ebn's syndrome related antigen a (ssa), but did not present any features of sle or sjogren syndrome.thus, systematic screening of sle is not relevant in young women hospitalized in psychiatric department.
among them, there was 1 case with history of hyperthyroidism, 3 cases with sjogren syndrome (ss).
common ctds with lung manifestations are rheumatoid arthritis, scleroderma or systemic sclerosis, sjogren syndrome, polymyositis/dermatomyositis, systemic lupus erythematosis, mixed connective tissue disease, and undifferentiated connective tissue disease.
the compound ap<sub>4</sub>a has been described being abnormally elevated in patient's tears suffering of dry eye, sjogren syndrome, congenital aniridia, or after refractive surgery, suggesting this molecule as biomarker for dry eye condition.
deficiency in this enzyme causes the sjogren larsson syndrome, a rare inherited disorder characterized by ichthyosis, spasticity, and mental retardation.
the method allowed detection of fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase activity in nanogram amounts of microsomal or tissue protein and microgram amounts of sjogren larsson syndrome patients' skin fibroblast protein.
<b>results:</b> a total of 62 rheumatic patients were found to have cmv infection, with 48 regarded as cmv viremia, 7 diagnosed as cmv pneumonia, while the remaining 7 suffered both cmv viremia and pneumonia.eleven of 62 patients (17.7%) had a fatal outcome.systemic lupus erythematosus (sle) was the most commonly underlying disease (41.9%), followed by sjogren syndrome (16.1%) and systemic vasculitis (12.9%).
one cause is sjogren syndrome, and a case series reviews clinical features.
females had a higher incidence of the following diseases: connective tissue diseases (scleroderma, morphea, dermatomyositis, primary sjogren syndrome, systemic lupus erythematosus [not in all studies]), pityriasis rosea, herpes progenitalis, condyloma acuminatum, hidradenitis suppurativa, herpes zoster (except in children), erythromelalgia, venous stasis syndrome, and venous ulcers.
in this paper we discuss the basic functions of vitamin d in the human body and the mechanisms of its activity and we summarize recent reports on the impact of vitamin d on the oral cavity with a special emphasis on autoimmunologic diseases, including: recurrent aphthous stomatitis, beh\u00e7et syndrome and sjogren syndrome. '"
"'major salivary gland (sg) ultrasonography (us) represents a noninvasive, nonirradiating imaging modality for evaluation of the major sgs in the diagnosis and follow-up of primary and secondary sjogren syndrome.
"'the objective of this study was to investigate the presence and titer of anti-carbamylated 78-kda glucose-regulated protein (anti-cargrp78) antibody in serum from controls, and patients with rheumatoid arthritis (ra), systemic lupus erythematosus (sle) and primary sjogren syndrome (pss).
secondary endpoints included the changes in general health, sicca symptoms, european league against rheumatism (eular) sjogren's syndrome disease activity index (essdai), arthrosonography, and safety profile.
in part ii of the review, sarcoidosis, vasculitis, sjogren syndrome, and giant cell arteritis will be discussed.
transgenic cd19-hbtk mice with b cell-specific btk overexpression show spontaneous germinal center formation, anti-nuclear autoantibodies, and systemic autoimmunity resembling lupus and sjogren syndrome.
besides medication-related salivary hypofunction, sjogren syndrome and head-and-neck radiation are two common etiologies that have garnered considerable attention.
"'the management of patients suffering from primary sjogren syndrome (pss) has long been mainly symptomatic and demonstration of effectiveness of systemic drugs was lacking.
sjogren syndrome produces different pictures of salivary gland parenchymal lesions at different stages of the disease.
notably, these neoplasms shared significant associations with 5 ads (immune thrombocytopenic purpura, polymyositis/dermatomyositis, rheumatoid arthritis, sjogren syndrome and systemic lupus erythematosis).
diagnoses included psoriasis/psoriatic arthritis (n = 12), rheumatoid arthritis (n = 10), lupus (n = 4), scleroderma (n = 3), sjogren syndrome (n = 2), mixed ctd (n = 1), and seronegative polyarthritis (n = 1).
the distribution of eyes among interferometric patterns 0, 1, and 2 coincided well with the clinical subgroups of normal tear condition, non-sjogren syndrome aqueous-deficient dry eye, and meibomian gland dysfunction, respectively.
examples include well-established associations of human immunodeficiency virus, solid organ transplantation, and hepatitis c virus with increased dlbcl risk (ors 3.83, 4.27, and 1.74, respectively), and autoimmune conditions with dlbcl and mzl (e.g., ors of 2.10 and 4.74, respectively, for sjogren syndrome).
the prevalence of rheumatic diseases was as follows: mechanical back pain (20.1\\xa0%), rheumatic regional pain syndrome (2.9\\xa0%), osteoarthritis (4.0\\xa0%) rheumatoid arthritis (2.4\\xa0%), inflammatory back pain (0.2\\xa0%), systemic sclerosis (0.1\\xa0%), sjogren syndrome (0.1\\xa0%), fibromyalgia (0.1\\xa0%), mixed connective tissue disease (0.06\\xa0%), and systemic lupus erythematosus (0.06\\xa0%).
regression analyses were performed to detect disease susceptibility loci and to identify genes affecting specific disease manifestations (renal, neurological, or skin involvement; arthritis; secondary sjogren syndrome; and secondary antiphospholipid syndrome).
new diagnoses post-fmt included microscopic colitis (2), sjogren syndrome (1), follicular lymphoma (1), contact dermatitis and idiopathic bence-jones proteinuria (1), and laryngeal carcinoma (1)-all, however, were associated with predisposing factors.
experimental, virologic, and clinical evidence has demonstrated a close association between hepatitis c virus infection and sjogren syndrome, with hepatitis c virus-associated sjogren syndrome being indistinguishable in most cases from the primary form.
the sialotropism of hepatitis c virus may explain the close association with sjogren syndrome, and its lymphotropism links the virus to cryoglobulinemia, autoimmune cytopenias, and lymphoma.
recently a schematic mct model, the sjogren model, was used to describe the ohd-oke data for a number of supercooled liquids by gotze and sperl [w. gotze and m. sperl, phys.
e 55, 3183 (1997)] found that the sjogren model could describe the boson peak observed by depolarized light-scattering (dls) experiments on glycerol.
here we present a detailed analysis of the asp and dbp data over a broad range of times and temperatures using the sjogren model.
spondylosis can be a sign of the activation of rp, while sjogren syndrome is the most frequent autoimmune association.
main causes of dcld include lymphangioleiomyomatosis, birt-hogg-dub\u00e9 syndrome, pulmonary langerhans cell histiocytosis, lymphoid interstitial pneumonia, amyloidosis, light-chain deposition disease, sjogren syndrome, and primary or metastatic neoplasm.
other etiologies were chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy (cidp) in 57 (20%) and monoclonal gammopathy in 20 (7%), as well as toxic, sjogren disease, celiac disease, other immune-mediated diseases, vitamin b12 deficiency, amyloidosis, vitamin b1 and b6 deficiency, vasculitis, hypothyroidism, hereditary, lyme disease, and anti-sulfatide antibody.
only characteristics of the classic rheumatic inflammatory diseases (ie, ra, seronegative spondyloarthropathy, sle, antiphospholipid syndrome, sjogren syndrome, scleroderma, and polymyositis/dermatomyositis) will be covered.
the goal of ra treatment today is to induce a complete remission as early as possible in the disease process, with the mantra being \"elimination of synovitis equals elimination of joint destruction.\" the hope is that if the major mediators of sjogren syndrome, sle, or scleroderma can be identified and then blocked, as in the example of tnf inhibitors in patients with ra, more specific treatments will become available.
"'we described a 21-year-old woman with a diagnosis of sjogren syndrome that came for consultation with a localized mass over her left arm of fast growth.
the overlapping clinical findings in man and mouse indicate that woozy is a good copy of a human phenotype called marinesco-sjogren syndrome.
autoimmune disease was present in 6 patients: sjogren's syndrome or sjogren-like syndrome in 5 patients and concomitant systemic lupus erythematosus and hashimoto thyroiditis in one patient.
the most common associated cvd was sjogren syndrome (10 of 12).
the underlying diseases were stevens-johnson syndrome (22 eyes), sjogren syndrome (11 eyes), graft-vs-host disease (2 eyes), dry eye after keratomileusis in situ (2 eyes), and undifferentiated ocular surface disease (4 eyes).
"'primary sjogren s syndrome is a multisystemic inflammatory disorder that mainly affects the exocrine glands and usually presents as dryness of the mouth and eyes.
we describe a case of a female patient with primary sjogren s syndrome complicated by severe acute renal failure due to cryoglobulinemic glomerulonephritis.
bilateral parotid enlargement is usually caused by infections (e.g., mumps) and autoimmune conditions (e.g., sjogren syndrome).
our report highlights igg4-related mikulicz` s disease as an important differential diagnosis with sjogren`s syndrome and lymphoproliferative disease in rheumatological practice.
during the illness process some pathologies with nervous system and intestinal involvement were discarded: sarcoidosis, systemic lupus; sjogren syndrome, paraneoplastic syndromes, whipple disease, aids and b12 vitamin deficit.
when different types of ctd were analyzed individually (rheumatoid arthritis; lupus; scleroderma; sjogren syndrome; dermatomyositis/polymyositis; unspecified/mixed ctd; other inflammatory arthropathy), increased ascvd rates were found in nearly all subsets, always with higher prevalence ratios in african americans.
there were possible associations with decreased risk for primary breast and endometrial cancers and increased risks for lung cancer, rheumatoid arthritis, sjogren syndrome, and raynaud syndrome.
she was previously diagnosed with sjogren syndrome and suffered from secondary pah.
here, we describe a patient with klinefelter syndrome, ulcerative colitis and sjogren syndrome, who developed transient hyperckemia, myalgia and mild muscular weakness.
to determine the effectiveness of autologous platelet lysate (apl) eye drops in patients with primary sjogren syndrome (ss) dry eye, refractory to standard therapy, in comparison with patients treated with artificial tears.
moreover, secondary sjogren syndrome (ss) and myasthenia gravis were diagnosed.
igg4-positive plasma cells can be seen in tin associated with systemic lupus erythematosus, sjogren syndrome, or anti-neutrophil cytoplasmic antibody-associated vasculitis, which further add diagnostic confusion and difficulties.
included were cases of schnitzler syndrome, still disease, systemic lupus erythematosus, sjogren syndrome, cryopyrin-associated periodic syndrome, primary biliary cirrhosis, inflammatory bowel disease, and those that had signs of systemic inflammation not otherwise specified, that is, fever, arthritis, leukocytosis, and elevated erythrocyte sedimentation rate.
cml levels on igg were negatively correlated with serum igg levels in patients with lc, ra, and sjogren syndrome sjs.
in the meantime, the b7-h6/nkp30 pathway may be involved in the pathogenesis of primary sjogren syndrome.
differentially expressed genes (degs) were validated by real-time polymerase chain reaction (pcr) and immunohistochemical staining in igg4-rd (n\\u200a=\\u200a18), cs (n\\u200a=\\u200a4), sjogren syndrome (n\\u200a=\\u200a11), and controls (n\\u200a=\\u200a10).
compared with the general us population, we found a higher prevalence of thyroid disease (12.9%, p < .001), alopecia areata (3.8%, p < .001), inflammatory bowel disease (0.9%, p = .046), pernicious anemia (0.5%, p = .007), systemic lupus erythematosus (0.3%, p = .048), guillain-barre syndrome (0.3%, p < .001), discoid lupus (0.2%, p = .003), linear morphea (0.2%, p < .001), myasthenia gravis (0.2%, p = .002), and sjogren syndrome (0.2%, p = .011).
"'eye involvement represents a common finding in patients with systemic autoimmune diseases, particularly rheumatoid arthritis, sjogren syndrome, seronegative spondyloarthropathy, and antineutrophil cytoplasmic antibody (anca)-associated vasculitis.
this review article will (1) address radiological findings for chest radiography and conventional or thin-section ct currently used for six major types of ctd, rheumatoid arthritis, scleroderma (progressive systemic sclerosis), polymyositis/dermatomyositis, systemic lupus erythematosus, sjogren syndrome and mixed connective tissue disease; (2) briefly deal with radiation dose reduction for thin-section ct examination; and (3) discuss clinically applicable or state-of-the-art mr imaging for ctd patients. '"
this is most probably the first ever case of primary sjogren syndrome (psjs) presenting as aip, recovering completely in less than a month time.\""
among 155 patients with ctd-ip, 10 (6.5%) cases developed ae (6 rheumatoid arthritis, 2 polymyositis/dermatomyositis, 1 systemic lupus erythematosus, 1 sjogren syndrome), and one died of ae within 30 days.
our study aimed to evaluate the diagnostic value of calprotectin for adult-onset still's disease (aosd), by comparing serum calprotectin concentrations in patients with aosd (n\\u2009=\\u200946), rheumatoid arthritis (ra, n\\u2009=\\u200934), primary sjogren syndrome (pss, n\\u2009=\\u200940), systemic lupus erythematosus (sle, n\\u2009=\\u200939), osteoarthritis (oa, n\\u2009=\\u200920), and healthy controls (hcs, n\\u2009=\\u200949).
several autoimmune diseases, including sjogren and celiac, are associated with painful small-fiber ganglionopathy and distal axonopathy, and some patients with \"idiopathic\" sfpn have evidence of organ-specific dysimmunity, including serological markers.
it is associated with other autoimmune diseases like sjogren disease.
the patient had a history of sjogren syndrome with long-term steroid therapy, hypertension, thalamic infarction and amphetamine psychosis.
"'although cd3-cd56+nkp44+ natural killer (nkp44+nk) cells have been linked to autoimmune diseases including inflammatory bowel disease, ankylosing spondylitis, and primary sjogren syndrome, the expansion and role of those cells in patients with rheumatoid arthritis (ra) remain less defined.
bf*s07 allotype was significantly associated with extra-articular manifestations (eams; secondary sjogren syndrome, pneumonitis, rheumatoid nodules) in patients with ra (p\\xa0=\\xa00.02; or\\xa0=\\xa06.62).
"'connective tissue diseases such as systemic lupus erythematosus (sle), systemic sclerosis (ssc), and sjogren syndrome (ss) have presented many difficulties both in their diagnosis and treatment.
xerostomia is one of the most common symptoms in sjogren syndrome (ss).
we identified two mutations in the sil1 gene, which is reported to cause marinesco-sjogren syndrome.
these included lupus for 9, sjogren syndrome for 2, and polyarteritis nodosa for one.
"\"primary sjogren's syndrome is an autoimmune disease characterized by lymphocytic infiltration of glandular tissues leading to sicca symptoms, namely, dry eyes and dry mouth.
rituximab, a chimeric monoclonal antibody to cd20, leads to b cell depletion and may have a role in sjogren systemic manifestations as well as in preventing and treating sjogren-associated lymphoma.\""
if clinically evident sle or sjogren or positive autoantibodies coexist with nmo signs and symptoms, the neurologic process could be an independent association due to nmo or may be a vasculitic complication of the systemic disease.
of the cases, 28 (26.4%) of 106 reported rheumatic symptoms, 5 of these were diagnosed with sjogren syndrome or with undefined connective tissue disease.
chest high resolution ct scan in both cases showed ground-glass opacifications, predominantly in basal and subpleural region and the pathologic manifestation were correlated with nsip/op, which were previously discovered in sjogren syndrome, pm/dm and other rheumatic diseases.
the rrs (95% cis) in individuals with a first-degree relative with sle were 5.87 (4.89-7.05) for primary sjogren syndrome, 5.40 (3.37-8.65) for systemic sclerosis, 2.95 (2.04-4.26) for myasthenia gravis, 2.77 (1.45-5.32) for idiopathic inflammatory myositis, 2.66 (2.28-3.11) for rheumatoid arthritis, 2.58 (1.16-5.72) for multiple sclerosis, 1.68 (1.22-2.32) for type 1 diabetes mellitus, 1.39 (0.66-2.91) for inflammatory bowel diseases, and 0.86 (0.43-1.71) for vasculitis.
mutations in genes encoding aldhs cause metabolic disorders, including alcohol flush reaction (aldh2), sjogren-larsson syndrome (aldh3a2), hyperprolinemia type ii (aldh4a1), \u03b3-hydroxybutyric aciduria (aldh5a1), methylmalonic aciduria (aldh6a1), pyridoxine dependent epilepsy (aldh7a1), and hyperammonemia (aldh18a1).
the most frequent autoimmune disorder reported was systemic lupus erythematosus (sle) (26 cases) and sjogren syndrome (8 cases).
we identified in 3 rheumatic disease patients (2 with sjogren syndrome, 1 with rheumatoid arthritis) a previously unreported neurological syndrome of facial weakness, otalgia with neuropathic pain features, and hemifacial spasm.
in addition, it may be considered as an important biomarker for some diseases such as refsum's disease (rd), sjogren larsson syndrome (sls), rhizomelic chondrodysplasia punctata (rzcp), chronic polyneuropathy (cp), zellweger's disease hyperpipecolic academia (zdha) and related diseases.
anti-ssa/ssb antibody or sjogren syndrome may be associated with aqp-4 ab in neuromyelitis optica spectrum on.\""
lupus-like manifestations consisted of pericarditis, pleuritis, and positive antinuclear and anti-ssa (sjogren-syndrome a) antibodies.
des can lead to chronic inflammation of the ocular surface, surface impairment in the cornea and conjunctiva, and, in patients with sjogren syndrome, result in a disruption of the ocular surface epithelium.
the differential diagnosis of sarcoidosis includes granulomatous infections, hypersensitivity pneumonitis, pneumoconiosis, autoimmune diseases (e.g., inflammatory bowel disease, primary biliary cirrhosis, several collagen vascular diseases (particularly sjogren), drug reactions, chronic aspiration, and even diffuse fibrosing diseases.
in both of these cases, a pathogenic mutation was detected, leading to diagnoses of pyruvate kinase deficiency and marinesco-sjogren syndrome.
patients with anti-dsdna/anti-sm, anticentromere/anti-scl70, or anti-ssa/anti-ssb antibodies more frequently presented a set of manifestations close to systemic lupus erythematosus (sle), systemic sclerosis, or sjogren syndrome, respectively.
seventy-two percent of these uctd patients present lupus-, scleroderma-, or sjogren-like features but do not fulfill classification criteria and mostly present a mild disease.\""
factors that associated with fetal loss included anti-phospholipid antibodies (apl) (or 2.299; 95% ci 1.058-4.993; p = 0.035) and anti-sjogren syndrome antigen a (ssa) antibody (or 2.283; 95% ci 1.275-4.088; p = 0.005), and thrombocytopenia (or 2.241; 95% ci 1.192-4.213; p = 0.012).
autoimmune cholangitis/primary biliary cirrhosis and sjogren syndrome represent paradigmatic examples of the common grounds of different autoimmunity phenotypes based on similarities in clinical manifestations and immunopathogenesis.
in fact, primary biliary cirrhosis and sjogren's syndrome have both been coined as an autoimmune epithelitis in which apoptosis may be in both cases the key element to explain the organ-specific immune-mediated injury against the biliary and exocrine gland epithelia, respectively.
the presence of estrogen receptors on the biliary and exocrine gland epithelia has been advocated as a key to the female predominance encountered in primary biliary cirrhosis and sjogren's syndrome.
the strongest associations observed by non-hodgkin lymphoma (nhl) subtypes were diffuse large b-cell lymphoma with rheumatoid arthritis (or 1.4, 95%ci 1.2-1.5) and sjogren syndrome (2.0, 1.5-2.8); t-cell lymphoma with hemolytic anemia (9.7, 4.3-22), psoriasis (3.1, 2.5-4.0), discoid lupus erythematosus (4.4, 2.3-8.4) and celiac disease (5.0, 2.4-14.
); and marginal zone lymphoma with sjogren syndrome (6.6, 4.6-9.5), systemic lupus erythematosus (2.8, 1.7-4.7) and hemolytic anemia (7.4, 3.1-18).
this article will cover the pulmonary pathologies seen in rheumatoid arthritis, systemic sclerosis, myositis, systemic lupus erythematosus, sjogren syndrome, and mixed ctd. '"
however, these natural defenses against oxidative stress can decrease, favoring the development of anterior eye disorders, such as keratoconus, dry eye, and sjogren syndrome.
regarding radiolabelled peptides, it is important to highlight the increasing use of somatostatin analogues targeting somatostatin receptors in inflammatory diseases, particularly for rheumatoid arthritis, sjogren syndrome and autoimmune thyroid diseases.
"\"to compare the distribution of hla-a, b, drb1 and dqb1 alleles among mexican patients with primary sjogren syndrome (pss), secondary ss (sss), connective tissue disease (ctd) without (w/o) ss and historical ethnically healthy controls.
"\"lung involvement in primary sjogren syndrome occurs in approximately 10-20% of patients.
we report the use of tocilizumab in a refractory organising pneumonia associated with sjogren's disease.
healthy individuals (n = 100), patients with rheumatoid arthritis (n = 95), and patients with primary sjogren syndrome (n = 54) served as controls.
in addition, iva2 stones were found in 65% of calcium phosphate stone formers associated with sjogren syndrome and in 35% of calcium phosphate stones in patients with medullary sponge kidney.
the mother carried a diagnosis of sjogren syndrome, including the presence of ssa and ssb antibodies.
a multiplexed addressable laser bead immunoassay was employed to measure autoantibodies to: smith (sm), ribonucleoprotein (rnp), sjogren syndrome b (ssb/la), sjogren syndrome a (ssa/ro), histidyl transfer ribonucleic acid synthetase (jo-1), topoisomerase i (scl-70), and ribosome-p (ribo-p) antigens.
it is not a question here of approaching the inflammatory myositis nor the neurological, essentially central signs, during the inflammatory diseases still called systematic as the lupus or the syndrome of gougerot-sjogren, neither compression occurring during rheumatoid arthritis and ankylosing spondylarthritis.
sjogren syndrome (p = 0.001) and positive rheumatoid factor (p = 0.04) were more frequently observed in sle patients with autoimmune thyroid disease when compared with sle patients without autoimmune thyroid disease.
sjogren syndrome and positive rheumatoid factors were more frequently observed in sle patients with autoimmune thyroid disease.
"'sil1 is a nucleotide exchange factor for the endoplasmic reticulum chaperone bip, and mutations in this gene lead to marinesco-sjogren syndrome (mss), a debilitating autosomal recessive disease characterized by multisystem defects.
she also clinically suffered from sjogren syndrome and primary biliary cirrhosis (pbc).
she clinically manifested not only incomplete crest syndrome (facial teleangiectasia, sclerodactyly in bilateral fingers, and raynaud's phenomenon), but also sjogren (sicca syndrome) and pbc (jaundice).
seropositive anti-ss-a antibody and histological findings of the biopsied minor salivary gland, as well as the lack of other connective tissue disorders, indicated primary sjogren syndrome (sjs).
the sjogren syndrome (ss) can include various manifestations of central nervous system impairment.
extranodal mzl lymphoma usually arises in mucosal sites where lymphocytes are not normally present from a background of either autoimmune processes, such as hashimoto thyroiditis or sjogren syndrome or chronic infectious conditions.
"'to characterize serum igg subclass levels in several autoimmune diseases, including primary sjogren syndrome (pss), systemic sclerosis (ssc), systemic lupus erythematosus (sle), and primary biliary cirrhosis (pbc).
aldh superfamily genes associated mutations are implicated in various diseases, such as pyridoxine-dependent seizures, gamma-hydroxybutyric aciduria, type ii hyperprolinemia, sjogren-larsson syndrome including cancer and alzheimer's disease.
here we describe the case of a 47-year-old woman with sle and sjogren syndrome who developed an alm concurrently with a cryptococcus laurentii pneumonia.
there were only 10 patients with dry eye (1.9%) associated with sjogren syndrome, and all of them were women.
the ctds that most commonly involve the respiratory system are progressive systemic sclerosis, systemic lupus erythematosus, rheumatoid arthritis, sjogren syndrome, polymyositis, dermatomyositis, and mixed connective tissue disease.
in this review, we present data from murine and human studies suggesting that 1) glucocorticoid-induced tumor necrosis factor receptor-related protein (gitr) plays a crucial role in thymic treg (ttreg) differentiation and expansion; 2) gitr plays a crucial role in peripheral treg (ptreg) expansion; 3) in patients with sjogren syndrome and systemic lupus erythematosus, cd4(+)gitr(+) ptregs are expanded in patients with milder forms of the disease; and 4) gitr is superior to other cell surface markers to differentiate tregs from other cd4(+) t cells.
"'disorders of human salivary glands resulting from therapeutic radiation treatment for head and neck cancers or from the autoimmune disease sjogren syndrome (ss) frequently result in the reduction or complete loss of saliva secretion.
nevertheless, steady progress has been made in a number of applications, including rheumatoid arthritis and osteoarthritis, sjogren syndrome, and lupus.
proof of principle has been demonstrated in animal models of sjogren syndrome and lupus.
skeletal manifestation was a common finding in patients with sjogren and rta, despite normal levels of 25 (oh) d3 in a majority.
in other ehms of chronic hcv infection not related to cryoglobulinemia, such as sjogren syndrome, lichen planus, and autoimmune thyroiditis, autoimmune processes resulting in chronic inflammatory infiltrates are thought to be the underlying mechanism. '"
this complements findings from mice in which knockout of dnajc3 leads to diabetes and modifies disease in a neurodegenerative model of marinesco-sjogren syndrome. '"
analysis of his serum was negative for antinuclear antibody (or ana), cytoplasmic antineutrophil cvtoplasmic antibody (or canca), sjogren syndrome antigens a and b (ss-a and ss-b, respectively), antitissue transglutaminase and antiendomysial antibodies, and paraneoplastic profile.
we identified one de novo deletion and three missense mutations in rnf125 in six patients from four families with overgrowth, macrocephaly, intellectual disability, mild hydrocephaly, hypoglycemia, and inflammatory diseases resembling sjogren syndrome.
our case involves a patient with complex disease affecting bone health including gaucher disease (type i), sjogren syndrome, rheumatoid arthritis and corticosteroid use who did not respond to long term use of bisphosphonates.
the reactivity of serum igg against recombinant human hsp27 was detected in 52 of 91 bd patients (57%), 66 of 92 rheumatoid arthritis (ra) patients (72%), 32 of 90 sjogren syndrome (ss) patients (36%), 22 of 92 systemic lupus erythematosus (sle) patients (24%) and 0 of 91 healthy controls (hc).
associated autoimmune diseases (sjogren syndrome and antiphospholipid syndrome) were observed in 2 patients.
we found a marker of alloimmunization in the gene encoding for ro52 protein, also known as sjogren syndrome antigen 1 (ssa1) and trim21.
associated diagnoses in patients with cvd-ild were rheumatoid arthritis (n\\u2009=\\u200922), sjogren syndrome (n\\u2009=\\u20093), scleroderma (n\\u2009=\\u20092), polymyositis/dermatomyositis (n\\u2009=\\u20091), and unspecified connective tissue disease (n\\u2009=\\u20098).
there are 2 ways that rs can appear clinically; isolated, formerly referred as raynaud disease or now primary rs and in association with other conditions, usually connective tissue disorders (eg, sjogren syndrome, systemic lupus erythematosus, scleroderma, and rheumatoid arthritis), frequently called raynaud phenomenon or secondary rs.
the prevalence of anti-ccp was 292/417 (70.0%) in ra, 13/122 (10.6%) in patients with psoriatic arthritis, 13/62 (20.9%) in patients with unclassified rheumatism, 11/33 (33.3%) in patients with primary sjogren syndrome, 5/30 (16.6%) in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus, 3/28 (10.7%) in patients with mixed connective tissue disorder, 3/36 (8.3%) in patients with systemic sclerosis, 7/44 (15.9%) in patients with juvenile arthritis, and 6/220 (2.7%) in patients with noninflammatory diseases.
however, i\u03bab-\u03b6 deficient mice develop the autoimmune-like sjogren syndrome with aging.
the objective of this study was to evaluate a natural formulation containing tea catechins in 60 patients with xerostomia, including patients with sjogren syndrome.
the overall standardized incidence ratio (sir) for nhl after ads was 1.6 [novel findings: immune thrombocytopenic purpura (itp) = 7.5, polymyositis/dermatomyositis = 4.1, primary biliary cirrhosis = 3.9, myasthenia gravis = 2.2, behcet = 1.7, rheumatoid fever = 1.7, ulcerative colitis = 1.5, polymyalgia rheumatica = 1.4, and chronic rheumatic heart disease = 1.4; confirmatory findings: autoimmune hemolytic anemia = 27.2, sjogren = 4.9, celiac = 4.8, systemic lupus erythematosus = 4.4, polyarteritis nodosa = 2.9, discoid lupus erythematosus = 2.7, sarcoidosis = 2.6, crohn = 2.1, systemic sclerosis = 2.1, rheumatoid arthritis = 2.0, and hashimoto/hypothyroidism and psoriasis = 1.4].
this review focuses on the current state of knowledge on skin cancer risk in the most prevalent actds in dermatology including lupus erythematosus, scleroderma, dermatomyositis and sjogren syndrome.
examples of systemic autoimmune disorders include systemic lupus erythematosus, antiphospholipid syndrome, rheumatic arthritis, and sjogren syndrome.
the conditions discussed include multiple sclerosis, neuromyelitis optica, chronic relapsing inflammatory optic neuropathy, susac syndrome, cogan syndrome, acute posterior multifocal placoid pigment epitheliopathy, vogt-koyanagi-harada disease, beh\u00e7et disease, sarcoidosis, systemic lupus erythematosus, granulomatosis with polyangiitis (wegener granulomatosis), polyarteritis nodosa, giant cell arteritis, igg4-related disease, and sjogren syndrome. '"
during the follow-up, one of them has developed crohn's disease and sjogren syndrome.
of these, 7 (15.22%) patients had sjogren \u00cc\\x81s disease (sd), 6 (13.04%) had systemic lupus erythematosus (sle) and 3 (6.52%) had rheumatoid arthritis (ra).
besides infectious etiology, chronic inflammation caused by autoimmune diseases, such as sjogren syndrome or hashimoto thyroiditis, can also carry a significant risk factor for the development of marginal zone lymphoma.
we describe a case of a young woman with type 1 diabetes whose glycemic control was optimized with the introduction of hcq as a treatment for her sjogren syndrome in addition to a subtle yet measurable improvement in her lipid profile.
fl risk was increased in persons: with a first-degree relative with non-hodgkin lymphoma (or = 1.99; 95% ci = 1.55 to 2.54); with greater body mass index as a young adult (or = 1.15; 95% ci = 1.04 to 1.27 per 5 kg/m(2) increase); who worked as spray painters (or = 2.66; 95% ci = 1.36 to 5.24); and among women with sjogren syndrome (or = 3.37; 95% ci = 1.23 to 9.19).
interestingly, fibroblasts derived from patients affected by sjogren larsson syndrome (sls), known to be deficient in microsomal fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase (faldh) were found to be deficient in this.
"\"the pathogenesis of sjogren's syndrome (ss) likely involves complex interactions between genes and the environment.
"'xerostomia, or dry mouth, is a common side effect of head and neck radiotherapy, sjogren syndrome, diabetes, old age, and numerous medications.
ip-10 and its receptor, cxcr3, appear to contribute to the pathogenesis of many autoimmune diseases, organ specific (such as type 1 diabetes, graves' disease and ophthalmopathy), or systemic (such as systemic lupus erythematosus, mixed cryoglobulinemia, sjogren syndrome, or systemic sclerosis).
"\"the pathogenesis of immune-mediated lacrimal gland (lg) dysfunction in sjogren's syndrome has been thoroughly studied.
however, the majority of dry eye (de) is not related to sjogren type, and its pathophysiology remains unclear.
similar to sjogren's syndrome, cd3(+) and cd11b(+) cells infiltrated hif-1\u03b1 cko lgs.
consideration of igg4-rd and accurate diagnosis by biopsy have important implications for prognosis and treatment following the distinction of this condition from the sjogren syndrome (sjs), granulomatosis with polyangiitis (gpa, formerly wegener's), sarcoidosis, lymphoma, infection, and other disorders.
they are found in 2% of patients with systemic sclerosis (ssc) (8 out of 379), 1.8% of systemic lupus erythematosus (sle) (7 out of 372) and 1.8% of undifferentiated connective tissue disease (uctd) (9 out of 496) and more rarely in sjogren syndrome and rheumatoid arthritis.
however, anti-ku are usually detected in association with other serological markers in sle and sjogren syndrome, while they occurred isolated in ssc and polymyositis.\""
because the chemokine receptor expression profile in extragastric malt lymphoma is unknown, we performed a comprehensive study on tissue samples of parotid glands, parotid glands affected by sjogren syndrome, extragastric malt lymphoma, and extranodal diffuse large b-cell lymphoma (edlbcl) originating from malt lymphoma (transformed malt lymphoma).
our results support a model of stepwise progression of extragastric malt lymphoma from a non-neoplastic event to sjogren syndrome, to malt lymphoma, and finally to overt edlbcl, guided by differentially expressed b-cell homeostatic and activation-dependent chemokine receptors and their ligands.'"
eosinophilic fasciitis is often associated with hematological disorders--there are reports of combinations with other autoimmune diseases such as systemic sclerosis, systemic lupus erythematosus, hashimoto thyroiditis, sjogren syndrome, vitiligo, etc.
a retrospective study reviewed the records of patients seen in the hospital dermatology and internal medicine departments from january 1, 2004, through december 31, 2009 and diagnosed with systemic lupus erythematosus (sle), systemic sclerosis (scs), dermatopolymyositis (dpm), primary gougerot-sjogren disease (gs), polymyositis (pm) or indeterminate connective tissue disease (ictd) meeting the criteria of the american college of rheumatology.
although her anti-ro antibodies were positive, she did not have clinical features suggestive of sjogren syndrome.
the main differential diagnoses are guided by the clinic: combining pure motor neuropathy with or without conduction block, post-polio syndrome, cramp-fasciculation syndrome, myasthenia gravis, paraneoplastic syndromes, sjogren syndrome, retroviral infections, some endocrine disorders, some metabolic diseases, genetic diseases (kennedy and sma) and inclusion body myositis.'"
"\"we describe a case of limited pulmonary amyloidosis with sjogren syndrome.
she was subsequently diagnosed as having primary sjogren's syndrome.
nodular pulmonary amyloidosis with sjogren syndrome is very rare condition, and most cases present multiple nodules.
as far as is known, this is the first report of a solitary nodule in pulmonary amyloidosis with sjogren syndrome.\""
two had a diagnosis of lupus erythematosus and 1 had sjogren syndrome.
a case study was used to discuss the effects of traditional chinese medicine (tcm) treatments on sjogren's syndrome.
a 45-year-old woman suffered from dry eyes, dry mouth, and fatigue for six months and was diagnosed with sjogren's syndrome.
"\"in primary sjogren's syndrome (pss), fcrl4<sup>+</sup> b cells are present in inflamed salivary gland tissue, within or in close proximity to ductal epithelium.
here we identified hitherto unsuspected molecular alterations of autophagy occurring at an early stage of the macroautophagy pathway in the salivary glands and spleen of nod.h-2h4 mice that develop a primary sjogren's-like syndrome.
together with previous data generated in mrl/lpr mice that develop some features of sjogren's syndrome associated to other inflammatory and autoimmune defects, our present findings strongly reinforce the potential of autophagy modulators, such as p140, for treating patients with sjogren's syndrome.\""
"\"to investigate the role of lymphotoxin (lt) in sjogren's syndrome (ss) and in mucosal associated lymphoid tissue (malt)-lymphoma, we made transgenic mice (amy1-lt\u03b1\u03b2) that targeted lt\u03b1 and lt\u03b2 to the salivary and lacrimal glands.
"\"we describe the case of a 41-year-old woman with primary sjogren's syndrome (ss) who presented multiple recurrences of breast amyloidosis.
"\"primary sjogren's syndrome (pss) is an autoimmune disease of unresolved aetiology that affects the exocrine glands.
in this study, we explored whether paeoniflorin-6'-o-benzene (cp-25) exerted therapeutic effects through regulating b lymphocyte migration via cxcr5-grk2-mapk mediated signaling pathways in a mouse model of antigen-induced, experimental sjogren's syndrome (ess).
in this review, we describe the various associations of malignancies with autoimmune diseases, specifically systemic lupus erythematosus, rheumatoid arthritis, systemic sclerosis, and sjogren's syndrome, as well as discuss the mechanisms contributing to the pathogenesis of both disorders.\""
asymptomatic primary sjogren\\'s syndrome (ss) and primary hypothyroidism were incidentally diagnosed on screening.
higher scores on ded tests were obtained in sjogren syndrome (p<0.05), except for tear film osmolarity that was higher in diabetics (p<0.001) and fluorescein staining, that was higher in facial palsy (p<0.001).
molecular diagnosis was achieved in two patients: one displayed cd40 ligand (cd40lg) deficiency, while a second showed a homozygous sil1 mutation, which has been linked to marinesco-sjogren syndrome (mss).
three patients (one with behcet disease, one with sjogren syndrome, and one with wegener granulomatosis) entered a sustained remission at 6, 6 and 24 months, respectively, after transplant.
"\"immunoglobulin igg4 plays a role in the pathogenesis of the mikulicz disease previously considered a form of primary sjogren's syndrome (pss).
we investigated serum levels of igg4, total igg, c3, and c4 serum complementary components in patients suspected of sjogren's syndrome.
the a/b using suv<sub>max</sub> of right and left parotid gland in a patient with sjogren's syndrome was 1.06 and 0.74, respectively.
furthermore, the a/b using suv<sub>max</sub> of right and left parotid glands in the other patient with sjogren's syndrome was 3.20 and 4.32, respectively.
"\"several salivary diseases, such as sjogren syndrome (ss), chronic lymphocytic sialadenitis and parotid non-hodgkin's lymphoma, may occur in the setting of hcv infection.
indeed, 53 chc subjects had parotideal abnormalities: 24 patients (45.3%) had lymphoepithelial cysts of the salivary gland, six patients (11.3%) had a benign tumour, six patients (11.3%) had granulomatous lesions, 12 patients (22.7%) had sjogren's syndrome and four patients (7.5%) were diagnosed as having chronic lymphocytic sialadenitis.
"'marinesco-sjogren syndrome (mss) is a rare autosomal recessively inherited disorder with mental retardation (mr).
prior or at onset of lupus manifestations, six patients were uniformly negative for lupus and sjogren autoantibodies, and the other eight patients had persistent positive.
"\"primary sjogren's syndrome (ss) is a systemic autoimmune disease in which exocrine organs, primarily the salivary and lacrimal glands, are targets of chronic inflammation, leading to severe dryness of eyes and mouth.
the most common diagnoses were sjogren's syndrome and systemic lupus erythematosus.
ten percent of this cohort met the american-european consensus group adult diagnostic criteria for sjogren's syndrome.
multiple independent risk factors for recurrence were identified: african american race (risk ratio 1.60, p < 0.001, 95% confidence interval 1.26-2.03; similarly noted hereafter), female sex (1.88, p = 0.007, 1.19-2.98), longitudinally extensive myelitis at onset (1.34, p = 0.036, 1.01-1.78), sjogren syndrome antigen a (1.89, p = 0.003, 1.44-2.48), vitamin d insufficiency (4.00, p < 0.001, 1.60-10.0), antinuclear antibody titer \u22651:160 (1.69, p = 0.006, 1.23-2.32), and the presence of inflammatory markers (e.g., immunoglobulin g index) in the csf (2.14, p < 0.001, 1.44-3.17).
anti ss-a antibodies of a mother with sjogren syndrome are associated with congenital heart block (chb) in the newborns with nle.
no significant contribution of mbl levels were observed with respect to functional class, age at disease onset, disease duration and/or other clinical parameters such as nodules, secondary sjogren syndrome, anti-ccp and rheumatoid factor.
seventeen patients had primary amyloidosis, including 5 with sjogren syndrome, 1 with rheumatoid arthritis, and 1 with multiple myeloma.
"\"catalpol is an active ingredient of rehmanniae radix, a medical herb used frequently in treating primary sjogren's syndrome (pss).
however, no study has assessed the therapeutic effects of catalpol in treating sjogren's syndrome.
disease activity and damage were evaluated with the european league against rheumatism sjogren's syndrome disease activity index (essdai).
sjogren's syndrome (ss) is a chronic inflammatory autoimmune disease characterized by lymphocyte infiltration of the exocrine glands.
"'systemic sclerosis (ssc), systemic lupus erythematosus (sle) and primary sjogrens syndrome (pss) are clinically distinct systemic autoimmune diseases (sads) that share molecular pathways.
amongst the most frequent diseases evaluated, no significant differences were found between the control groups and the groups of rv (p=0.089), multiple sclerosis (p=0.374), and sjogren syndrome (p=0.311) in terms of ana positivity rates.
"'the most severe forms of xerostomia and salivary gland dysfunction, as well as a severely reduced quality of life, are seen in sjogren syndrome (ss) and after radiotherapy for head and neck cancer.
rheumatoid arthritis, sjogren syndrome, affective disorders such as anxiety and depression, history of photorefractive surgery, smoking, and thyroid disease were acknowledged as common comorbid conditions.
randomized trials targeting b-cells by rituximab in primary sjogren's syndrome have led to mixed results.
novel strategies to target b-cells in primary sjogren's syndrome including ianalumab and belimumab are underway and will hopefully result in clear treatment effects.
"\"<b>background:</b> epidemiological studies have shown that environmental factors accelerate the progress of primary sjogren's syndrome (pss).
"\"sjogren's syndrome (ss) is a chronic heterogeneous disease that mainly affects exocrine glands, leading to sicca syndromes such as xerostomia.
sjogren's syndrome was suspected based on edentulous state in a middle-aged woman with multisystem involvement.
we report a varied presentation of primary sjogren's syndrome.\""
"\"primary sjogren's syndrome (sjs) is a complex autoimmune epithelitis, with few treatment options, but the use of janus kinase (jak) inhibitors is promising because suppression of the jak/signal transducer and activator of transcription (stat) pathway improves sicca manifestations.
"\"sjogren's syndrome (ss) is a prototype autoimmune disease characterized by oral and ocular mucosal dryness following chronic inflammation of salivary and lachrymal glands, respectively.
it is characterised by endocrine tissue destruction resulting in the malfunction of multiple organs.several cases of aps iii associated with organ-specific autoimmune diseases such as coeliac disease, hypogonadism and myasthenia gravis, as well as organ-nonspecific or systemic autoimmune diseases such as sarcoidosis, sjogren syndrome, and rheumatoid arthritis have been described.
"'collagen vascular diseases (cvds) like systemic lupus erythematosus (sle), rheumatoid arthritis, sjogren syndrome (ss), and scleroderma are immunologically mediated disorders that typically have multisystem involvement.
cxcl10 and its receptor, cxcr3, appear to contribute to the pathogenesis of many autoimmune diseases, organ specific (such as type 1 diabetes, graves' disease and ophthalmopathy), or systemic (such as systemic lupus erythematosus, mixed cryoglobulinemia, sjogren syndrome, or systemic sclerosis).
plummer-vinson syndrome might be associated with malignancy, myeloproliferative disorder and autoimmune diseases including coeliac disease, rheumatoid arthritis and sjogren syndrome.
"\"sjogren's syndrome is a systemic autoimmune disease defined by its targeted inflammation of the salivary and lacrimal glands, resulting in dry mouth and eyes in the majority and persistent or recurrent salivary gland enlargement in a minority of those affected.
"\"dna methylation represents an important regulatory event governing gene expression that is dysregulated in sjogren's syndrome (sjs) and a number of autoimmune/inflammatory diseases.
baff variants have been also found to confer increased risk for subclinical atherosclerosis and lymphoma development in sjogren's syndrome (ss) patients.
"\"sjogren's syndrome (ss) is a chronic systemic autoimmune disease, affecting predominantly the exocrine glands, a large array of systemic manifestations and high risk of lymphoma development.
"'a 57-year-old woman with systemic lupus erythematosus and sjogren syndrome presented with blue-grey hyperpigmentation of the face, upper back, and dorsal aspects of the feet after seven years of therapy with hydroxychloroquine.
"\"<b>objective:</b> to examine the time course of aqueous-deficient and meibomian gland dysfunction (mgd) in patients with primary sjogren's syndrome (pss).
we describe a case of a 39-year-old japanese woman who was diagnosed as nsd associated with sjogren's syndrome.
"\"primary sjogren's syndrome (pss) is a chronic autoimmune disease characterized by lymphoplasmacytic infiltration of the exocrine glands, which results in multiple organs damage.
it is still unclear whether myocardial infarction associated transcript 2 (mirt2)-mir-377 mediates the inflammatory pathogenesis in sjogren's syndrome (ss).
serum anti-ss-a and ss-b antibody levels were abnormally elevated, and his symptoms fulfilled the diagnostic criteria for sjogren's syndrome.
the patient was diagnosed with protein-losing gastroenteropathy associated with sjogren's syndrome.
within 2\\xa0months of treatment with oral prednisolone and mycophenolate mofetil, the clinical symptoms of hypoalbuminemia and sjogren's syndrome disappeared completely.\""
"\"dispersed calcifications in bilateral parotid glands may strongly suggest sjogren's syndrome (ss), since the occurrence of bilateral calcifications in other salivary gland diseases is rare.
"\"<b>rationale</b>: although mesenchymal stem cell (msc) transplantation has been proved to be an effective therapeutic approach to treat experimental sjogren's syndrome (ss), the detailed underlying mechanisms remains unknown.
"\"<b>background:</b> neuromyelitis optica spectrum disorder (nmosd) is a neurological complication of primary sjogren's syndrome (pss).
"\"sjogren's syndrome (ss), a chronic autoimmune disease, typically causes or involves inflammation in the salivary and lacrimal glands.
ifi16 is essential for defense against a number of different pathogens, and its aberrant activity is also implicated in several autoimmune disorders, such as sjogren syndrome.
raised cryoglobulins combined with a positive autoantibody screen suggested mixed cryoglobulinemia secondary to sjogren syndrome.
"\"the hyperproliferation and hyperactivation of cd4<sup>+</sup> t cells in salivary gland tissue is a hallmark of sjogren's syndrome (ss).
"\"a 79-year-old female with sjogren's syndrome (ss) underwent phacoemulsification and lens implantation in both eyes within 2 days.
"\"the purpose of this study was to explore the potential function of interleukin-11 (il-11) in the pathogenesis of primary sjogren's syndrome (pss) patients.
hcv lymphotropism represents the most important step in the pathogenesis of virus-related immunological diseases and experimental, virologic, and clinical evidence has demonstrated a trigger role for hcv both in systemic autoimmune diseases, such as rheumatoid arthritis, sjogren syndrome, hemolytic anemia and severe thrombocytopenia, and in organ-specific autoimmune diseases, such as autoimmune hepatitis, thyroid disorders and diabetes.
hcv- infected patients may frequently have histological signs of sjogren-like sialadenitis with mild or even absent clinical symptoms.
however, the pathogenetic role of hcv in sjogren syndrome (ss) development and the characteristics distinguishing classic ss from hcv-related sialadenitis are still an issue.
"\"we describe a patient with castleman's disease with tafro syndrome and concurrent sjogren's syndrome and investigate whether the autoimmune process may have accelerated the onset of her castleman's disease.
"\"sjogren's syndrome most commonly presents with dry eyes, dry mouth, joint pain and fatigue.
autoimmune workup showed antinuclear antibodies with a titer of 1:400 and positive anti ssa (ro) antibodies that led to the diagnosis of sjogren's syndrome.
to conclude, diagnosis of sjogren's syndrome may also be considered in a patient presenting with recurrent aseptic meningitis.\""
the mean cumulative deq-5 score was 12.7\\u202f\u00b1\\u202f3.8 and 65% of the participants scored \u226512, which may suggest an underlying diagnosis of sjogren's syndrome.
diagnoses were established in 69 of 78 patients: 37 cases were autoimmune diseases, mainly including undifferentiated connective tissue diseases (uctd, 9/37), rheumatoid arthritis (ra, 6/37), sjogren's syndrome (ss, 5/37) and primary biliary cirrhosis (pbc, 5/37), and the remaining were other autoimmune conditions.
"\"primary sjogren's syndrome (pss) is a chronic systemic autoimmune disease that affects exocrine glands.
although considered idiopathic in many cases, it has been associated with other conditions.\\xa0herein we report a highly complex and interesting case of gm in a young female with sjogren's syndrome.
according to our knowledge, this is the third case documenting the co-occurrence of gm and sjogren's syndrome.
"'skin lesions occur, often at very early stages, in many of the most frequent inflammatory rheumatic diseases such as in systemic lupus erythematosus (sle), dermatomyositis (dm), systemic sclerosis (ssc), sjogren\\'s syndrome, rheumatoid arthritis (ra), and psoriatic arthritis.
many other skin lesions, although not specific, require further investigation to look for a possible underlying inflammatory rheumatic disease: non-pruritic urticarial lesions in anti-c1q-associated urticarial vasculitis, still\\'s disease or hereditary auto-inflammatory syndromes, transient macular purpura of vasculitis in sjogren\\'s syndrome, beh\u00e7et\\'s disease, or ra, raynaud\\'s phenomenon in ssc and mixed connective tissue disease, erythema nodosum or other panniculitis in ra, beh\u00e7et\\'s disease and sle, pustular eruptions in beh\u00e7et\\'s disease, psoriasis, and hereditary auto-inflammatory syndromes.
"\"we herein report a japanese patient with familial mediterranean fever (fmf) who developed the clinical manifestations of mixed connective tissue disease (mctd) and sjogren's syndrome.
serological and clinical data showed the coexistence of mctd and sjogren's syndrome.
we report a 77-year-old woman who was diagnosed with sjogren syndrome 15\\xa0years previously.
"\"autoimmune diseases (aid) such as systemic lupus erythematosus (sle), primary sjogren's syndrome (pss), and rheumatoid arthritis (ra) are chronic inflammatory diseases in which abnormalities of b cell function play a central role.
in this study we analyzed sera from 191 patients with sle, 119 patients with primary sjogren's syndrome (pss), 48 patients with systemic sclerosis (ssc), and 100 healthy donors (hd) for autoantibodies to eight different kirs.
"'primary sjogren\\'s syndrome (pss) is a systemic auto-immune disease typified by dryness of the mouth and eyes.
in addition, a group of patients with non-sjogren\\'s sicca (nss) was included; these poorly studied patients suffer from complaints similar to pss patients, but are not diagnosed with sjogren\\'s syndrome.
"\"the non-obese diabetic (nod) mouse model is the most widely described and validated method for investigating human primary sjogren's syndrome (ss) and represents a useful model for translational studies.
rheumatoid factor and anti-sjogren's syndrome-related antigen a (anti-ssa) were both positive in two subjects.
salivary gland biopsies demonstrated mild-to-severe sialadenitis distinct from sjogren's syndrome, with diffuse t-cell lymphocytic infiltration and acinar injury.
"\"since primary sjogren's syndrome (pss) is an autoummune disease of b cell hyperactivity and pathologic autoantibody response, follicular helper t (tfh) cells and follicular regulatory t (tfr) cells are suggested to be key players in pss.
she was diagnosed with sjogren's syndrome based on increased levels of blood sjogren's-syndrome-related antigen a and sjogren's-syndrome-related antigen b antibodies, decreased saliva volume, and lip biopsy.
"\"<b>objective:</b> the disease course in primary sjogren's syndrome (pss) differs in different subsets of patients.
the total european league against rheumatism (eular), eular sjogren's syndrome disease activity index (essdai) score was compared with the pattern of organ involvement, as differentiated by the single essdai domains: (i) at disease diagnosis, and (ii) in the follow-up, by verifying the appearance of new essdai domains and/or the worsening of already active essdai domains.
here, we present a review of the literature suggesting a role for signaling by damps, which may intersect with pathogen-associated molecular pattern (pamp) signaling, in diseases that manifest in the oral cavity, specifically periodontal disease, oropharyngeal candidiasis, and sjogren's syndrome.\""
sclerosing cholangitis, sialadenitis, retroperitoneal fibrosis, sjogren syndrome, and other extrapancreatic lesions are often observed concurrently with aip.
"'an 83-year-old woman with sjogren syndrome underwent insertion of large punctal plugs in the right upper and lower puncti.
collectively, atg5(f/f);aqp5-cre mice would be a useful tool to enhance our understanding of autophagy in adaptive responses following targeted head and neck radiation or sjogren syndrome. '"
"\"primary sjogren's syndrome is a chronic autoimmune disease characterized by salivary and lacrimal gland dysfunction, leading to substantial morbidity and reduced quality of life.
many patients with primary sjogren's syndrome also have extraglandular systemic complications, some of which can be organ- or life-threatening.
over the last decade, numerous targeted immunomodulatory therapies for primary sjogren's syndrome have failed to show a benefit in clinical trials, and as yet no disease-modifying therapy has been approved for this disease.
herein, we provide an updated review of the clinical trial landscape for primary sjogren's syndrome and the numerous efforts to move the field forward, including the development of new classification criteria and outcome measures, the results of recent clinical trials in this field, the challenges faced in the search for effective therapies, and the expanding pipeline of novel therapies under development.\""
"\"<b>objectives:</b> considering the critical role of micrornas (mirnas) in regulation of cell activation, we investigated their role in circulating type-2 conventional dendritic cells (cdc2s) of patients with primary sjogren's syndrome (pss) compared to healthy controls (hc).
"\"to date, no immunomodulatory drug has proved efficacious in primary sjogren's syndrome (pss).
members of the aldh3 family play critical roles in the development of cancer and sjogren-larsson syndrome in humans, but have not been studies in groups other than mammals.
of a total of 7 patients, 6 were afflicted by systemic le and 1 by rheumatoid arthritis and secondary sjogren syndrome.
we concentrated on the association with systemic lupus erythematosus (sle), sjogren syndrome (ss), or serological evidence of these disorders, which commonly is a source of diagnostic confusion.
"\"<b>objectives:</b> to perform a cross-comparative analysis of dna methylation in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus (sle), patients with primary sjogren's syndrome (pss), and healthy controls addressing the question of epigenetic sharing and aiming to detect disease-specific alterations.
many severe complications in ssc occur about 15% of the time, including cardiac involvement (15%, 95% ci 6-24), diastolic dysfunction (16%, 95% ci 14-17), estimated pulmonary artery pressure > 40 mm hg (18%, 95% ci 14-21), pulmonary arterial hypertension by right heart catheterization (15%, 95% ci 12-17), forced vital capacity (fvc) < 70% predicted (15%, 95% ci 12-17), fvc < 80% predicted (17%, 95% ci 12-21), myositis (13%, 95% ci 10-17), inflammatory arthritis (12%, 95% ci 9-16), sjogren overlap (13%, 95% ci 10-16), and digital ulcers (du; 15%, 95% ci 10-20); and 15% of du have complications (amputations 12%, 95% ci 8-16, and hospitalizations 13%, 95% ci 6-21).
this review deals with the use of polyclonal flcs for identifying severity and monitoring outcome after treatment in some autoimmune diseases, namely systemic lupus erythematosus, myasthenia gravis, systemic sclerosis, rheumatoid arthritis and sjogren's syndrome, as supported by the fact that levels of flcs correlate with both b cell activation markers and other specific markers of disease activity.
when these investigations are normal, optic neuritis is usually considered as \"idiopathic\" with a suspected viral aetiology, but in some cases, a systemic disease such as sarcoidosis, systemic lupus erythematosis, or sjogren syndrome may be diagnosed.
spdef expression was significantly decreased in the conjunctival epithelium of sjogren syndrome patients with dry eye and decreased goblet cell mucin expression.
autoimmune and other tests revealed sjogren syndrome as the underlying cause of the distal renal tubular acidosis.
renal involvement in sjogren's syndrome (ss) is not uncommon and may precede sicca complaints.
two patients with sle and one patient with primary sjogren's syndrome had previously undergone rygb.
"\"pulmonary involvement in primary sjogren's syndrome (pss) is an understudied entity with important clinical implications.
"\"despite advances in the understanding of the pathogenesis, disease-specific biomarkers have not been included in the classification criteria for primary sjogren's syndrome (pss).
based on a microarray of peripheral blood mononuclear cells (pbmcs) from patients with primary sjogren's syndrome (pss), we aimed to investigate whether soluble sialic acid-binding immunoglobulin-like lectin (siglec)-5 in saliva might be a biomarker for pss.
"\"the aim of this study was to determine the expressions of toll-like receptors (tlrs) 7-9 and type i interferon (ifn) signal in labial salivary glands (lsgs) and cultured salivary gland epithelial cells (sgecs) from primary sjogren's syndrome (pss) patients.
40 cases of other systemic autoimmune disease (sad) [e g. 29 cases of rheumatoid arthritis, 4 cases of systemic sclerosis/scleroderma, 4 cases of sjogren syndrome, 3 cases of mctd and 40 healthy blood were taken as control.
florid steatocystoma multiplex, sjogren syndrome, and hs have been linked and their reports likely underestimate their coincidence because all these entities involve occlusion (albeit by different mechanisms).
sonography allows detection of obstructive salivary gland diseases such as stenosis or sialolithiasis, as well as sialadenosis such as sjogren syndrome.
the radioactivity was rapidly and widely distributed throughout the body and remained detectable in all tissues investigated at later time points (24 and 48 hours for [(3)h]mrp4 (multidrug resistance protein isoform 4) and [(3)h]ssb (sjogren syndrome antigen b) sirna, respectively).
b(-/-) mice are also resistant to other spontaneous and experimentally induced autoimmune diseases, including arthritis, systemic lupus erythematosus, sjogren syndrome and thyroiditis.
"\"primary sjogren's syndrome (pss) is characterized by b cell hyperactivation, production of autoantibodies and increased risk of b cell lymphomas.
robust response against ebv early antigen (ea) was observed in pss patients with anti-ssa/b (sjogren's syndrome a and b) and anti-ssa autoantibodies compared to anti-ssa/b negatives (<i>p</i> < 0.01 and <i>p</i> = 0.01, respectively).
"\"<b>objective:</b> to assess the effectiveness and safety of <i>the total glucosides of paeony</i> (tgp) on the treatment of primary sjogren's syndrome (pss) by conducting a meta-analysis.
diagnosing sjogren's syndrome can be challenging given the overlapping nature of clinical presentations.
currently, minor salivary gland biopsy is considered the definitive test for diagnosing sjogren's syndrome.
in nine cases, the histological findings were positive for sjogren's syndrome.
clinical outcomes included essdai, eular sjogren's syndrome patient reported index (esspri), salivary flow rate, ocular staining score, physician global assessment and patient assessments of fatigue and general quality of life.
"\"the autoimmune diseases systemic lupus erythematosus (sle) and sjogren's syndrome (ss) are diagnosed by detection of autoantibodies against ro and la protein autoantigens, respectively.
"\"sjogren's syndrome (ss) is a chronic autoimmune disease affecting exocrine glands leading to mouth and eyes dryness.
"'cln3 disease (spielmeyer-vogt-sjogren-batten disease) is a severe pediatric neurodegenerative disorder for which there is currently no effective treatment.
sera from 23 patients with systemic lupus erythematosus, 23 with primary sjogren syndrome without neurological involvement and from 28 healthy individuals were also used as controls.
a total of 242 sera were analyzed including 67 from healthy subjects, 107 from primary biliary cirrhosis (pbc) patients, 20 from scleroderma patients and 48 from patients with sjogren's syndrome.
the sensitivity was 95.5% in scleroderma, 83% in pbc and 72.9% in sjogren's syndrome.
ena was positive in all ana-positive scleroderma and sjogren's sera and in 27% of ana-positive pbc sera.
among scleroderma or sjogren patients that were ana negative, 4 samples were positive for anti-ssa and 2 for rnp-68 utilizing blueblot assays.
the liaison(\u00ae) ana screen is specific and sensitive for the evaluation of ana in patients with primary biliary cirrhosis, scleroderma and sjogren's syndrome.\""
defects in this pathway could be involved in cystic fibrosis, pancreatitis, or sjogren syndrome.
"\"we report a case of primary sjogren's syndrome presenting with multiple cranial nerve palsies and radiological evidence of cranial pachymeningitis and hypophysitis.
the diagnosis of primary sjogren's syndrome was confirmed by demonstrating positive ss-a and ss-b antibodies and histological evidence of lymphocytic infiltration of the sublabial salivary gland.
sjogren's syndrome should be considered in the differential diagnosis of patients presenting with multiple recurrent cranial nerve palsies, even if prominent sicca symptoms are absent.\""
"\"sjogren's syndrome (ss) is a systemic autoimmune disease mainly characterized by inflammatory involvement of exocrine gland.
"\"primary sjogren's syndrome (pss) is a common chronic autoimmune disease characterized by a high prevalence of autoantibodies and lymphocyte-mediated exocrine gland damage.
significantly elevated <i>ccl19</i>/<i>ccr7</i> expression in the salivary gland was found to be related to anti-sjogren's syndrome-related antigen a (ssa) antibody and igg levels in pss patients, which was further confirmed in a larger cohort.
this review discusses current knowledge on the role of the circadian clock and the contribution of omics-based approaches toward a novel precision health era for diagnosing and treating head and neck pathologies, with an emphasis on oral, head and neck cancer and sjogren\\'s syndrome.'"
"\"<b>background:</b><i>cxorf21</i> and <i>slc15a4</i> both contain risk alleles for systemic lupus erythematosus (sle) and sjogren's syndrome (pss).
spastic quadriplegia with ichthyosis and intellectual disability are the presenting signs of the elongase 4 deficiency and the sjogren-larsson syndrome caused by fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase deficiency.
"\"primary sjogren's syndrome (pss) is associated with polymorphisms and mrna expression profiles that are indicative of an exaggerated innate and type i ifn immune response.
"\"sjogren's syndrome (ss) is a chronic inflammatory autoimmune disorder that affects mainly salivary and lacrimal glands, but its cause remains largely unknown.
"\"sjogren's syndrome (ss) is characterized by b cell hyperactivity documented by the production of plethora of autoantibodies and a strong tendency for nhl of b cell origin.
"\"<b>objective:</b> sjogren's syndrome (ss) is a chronic autoimmune disorder that affects mainly the exocrine glands.
because sjogren's syndrome (ss) is the major disease causing a dry mouth and dry eyes, we aimed in the study to investigate whether these areas with high soil chromium have a high ss prevalence.
a total of 187 consecutive women with established systemic lupus erythematosus (n\\u202f=\\u202f70), rheumatoid arthritis (n\\u202f=\\u202f51), systemic sclerosis (n\\u202f=\\u202f35) and sjogren's syndrome (n\\u202f=\\u202f31) were included.
"\"autoimmune diseases, such as rheumatoid arthritis, systematic lupus erythematosus and sjogren's syndrome, are a group of diseases characterized by the activation of immune cells and excessive production of autoantibodies.
"\"sjogren's syndrome is a chronic autoimmune disorder of the exocrine glands with associated lymphocytic infiltrates of the affected glands.
investigations revealed sjogren's syndrome as the underlying cause of the facial tumor.\""
subsequently, 186 ssc sera (35 aca-positives and 151 negatives), 69 aca-positive sera from other various autoimmune diseases (primary sjogren syndrome, systemic lupus erythematosus, rheumatoid arthritis, and primary biliary cirrhosis), and 31 healthy sera were assayed for the presence of anti-cenp-p and -q autoantibodies by elisa followed by western blotting analysis.
"\"a 71-year-old japanese woman with sjogren syndrome, hashimoto's disease and a 6-month history of cognitive impairment was admitted to our hospital because of consciousness disturbance and convulsion.
"'<b>background:</b> primary sjogren\\'s syndrome (pss) is a systemic autoimmune disease, where patients often suffer from fatigue.
"\"abnormal signaling transduction in salivary gland cells is associated with the pathogenesis of sjogren's syndrome (ss).
"\"sjogren's syndrome is a systemic autoimmune disease characterized by immune- mediated injury of exocrine glands, as well as a diverse array of extraglandular manifestations.
for instance, anti-sp-1, anti-ca6 and anti-psp antibodies occur in an earlier stage than anti-ro/la antibodies, and may identify a subset of primary sjogren's syndrome patients with mild or incomplete disease, whereas anti-cofilin-1, anti- alpha-enolase and anti-rgi2 antibodies are potential biomarkers of malt lymphoma.
primary sjogren's syndrome (pss) is a chronic immune-mediated inflammatory disease characterised by exocrine gland lymphocytic infiltration and b-cell hyperactivation which results in systemic manifestations, autoantibody production and loss of glandular function.
"\"systemic lupus erythematosus (sle) and primary sjogren's syndrome (ss) can be associated with inflammatory arthritis, which is underdiagnosed by clinical examination.
there was no significant correlation between either the total power doppler score or the total grey-scale score and disease activity scores (british isles lupus assessment group index and european league against rheumatism sjogren's syndrome disease activity index).
both damage scores (systemic lupus international collaborating clinics index and sjogren's syndrome disease damage index) correlated with the total grey-scale synovitis score.
"\"sjogren's syndrome (ss) is an autoimmune exocrinopathy associated with severe secretory alterations by disruption of the glandular architecture integrity, which is fundamental for a correct function and localization of the secretory machinery.
"\"systemic lupus erythematosus and primary sjogren's syndrom are the two major connective tissue diseases.
nevertheless it does not seem to be efficient to treat primitive sjogren.
"\"although the association of multiple autoimmune diseases has already been widely described, no reports of the association between vitiligo, primary biliary cirrhosis and sjogren's syndrome were retrieved in the scielo and pubmed databases.
the authors describe the case of a female patient who was diagnosed with primary biliary cirrhosis and sjogren's syndrome at age 54.
however, specific mechanisms appear to interconnect primary biliary cirrhosis and sjogren's syndrome, such as pdc-e2-mediated generalized epithelitis.\""
only 13 patients (13.8%) evolved into a defined connective tissue disease (ctd), of which 8.5% (n:8) developed systemic lupus erythematosus (sle), 4.2% (n:4) sjogren syndrome (ss) and 1.1% (n:1) rheumatoid arthritis (ra).
pulmonary amyloidosis secondary to sjogren's syndrome (ss) is rare and to the best our knowledge has not been described in indigenous population.
we' describe here 52-year-old australian indigenous women with underlying sjogren's syndrome who was initially suspected to have a metastatic lung cancer with fgd avid lung nodule on pet scan.
here, using a murine model for sjogren's syndrome (ss), we investigated the role of tissue-resident m\u03a6s in the onset and development of autoimmunity.
herein, we sought to evaluate the il-12 signalling pathway in pbc pathology, by studying human samples from patients with pbc, alongside those with primary sjogren's syndrome (pss)(autoimmune disease with il-12 signalling gene association), primary sclerosing cholangitis (psc) (cholestatic liver disease without il-12 gene association) and healthy individuals.
"\"here, we determined the 5-hydroxymethylcytosine (5hmc), 5-methylcytosine (5mc), ten eleven translocation (tets), and dna methyltransferases (dnmts) levels in epithelial and inflammatory cells of labial salivary glands (lsg) from sjogren's syndrome (ss)-patients and the effect of cytokines on hsg cells.
considering that the tet2 gene.promoter contains response elements for transcription factors activated by cytokines, together to in vitro results suggest that changes in dna hydroxymethylation, resulting from altered levels of tet2 are likely to be relevant in the sjogren's syndrome etiopathogenesis.\""
small vessel vasculitis and sjogren syndrome had the longest and the shortest hospital stays respectively (14.5 vs. 5.3 days).
when given subcutaneously for 2\\u202fweeks starting at 14\\u202fweeks in male non-obese diabetic (nod) mice, a model of autoimmune dacryoadenitis used to study sjogren's syndrome (ss), ca192-csa (2.5\\u202fmg/kg, every other day) significantly (p\\u202f=\\u202f0.014) increased tear production relative to ca192 alone.
"\"sjogren's\\xa0syndrome (ss) is a chronic autoimmune disorder, characterized by lymphocytic infiltration of exocrine glands and causing the decreased function of lacrimal and salivary glands.
we describe a case of a 34-year-old male who presented with sjogren's\\xa0syndrome presenting as myopathy and sensorimotor neuropathy.
his creatinine kinase levels were elevated with positive anti-sjogren's\\xa0syndrome-related antigen a autoantibodies and anti-sjogren's\\xa0syndrome type b autoantibodies.
thus, although rare, inflammatory myopathy must be considered part of the initial presentation of sjogren's\\xa0syndrome.\""
"\"ectopic expression of mhc ii molecules on glandular cells is a feature of primary sjogren's syndrome (pss).
in the current study, we aimed to investigate the serum il-35 levels and its clinical association in patients with primary sjogren's syndrome (pss) and to investigate whether or not il-35 participates in the pathogenesis of pss.
"\"expression of ccr7 on t cells has been reported to be associated with the lymphocytic migration and infiltration, which is recognized as a vital part of the pathogenesis of primary sjogren's syndrome (pss).
here, we compared the expression of ccr7 on cd4+t cells between pss patients and control groups, including healthy donors (hd) and patients with systemic lupus erythematosus (sle) and examined correlations with disease activity and damage severity, which were evaluated by eular sjogren's syndrome disease activity index (essdai) and sjogren's syndrome disease damage index (ssddi), respectively.
to help achieve this goal, the present review article discusses the clinical presentation of neuropathic pain and paresthesia and/or autonomic dysfunction due to involvement of nerves supplying exocrine glands and smooth muscle; normal findings from standard electrophysiological investigations; most informative diagnostic tests (epidermal nerve fiber density in a skin biopsy, laser-evoked potentials, heat- and cold-detection thresholds, electrochemical skin conductance); main causes, which consist chiefly of metabolic diseases (diabetes mellitus, glucose intolerance), dysimmunity syndromes (sjogren's syndrome, sarcoidosis, monoclonal gammopathy), and genetic abnormalities (familial amyloidosis due to a transthyretin mutation, fabry disease, sodium channel diseases); and the available symptomatic and etiological treatments.\""
it has been shown that there is a higher prevalence of autoimmune thyroid diseases in patients with connective tissue diseases (systemic autoimmune) such as sjogren syndrome, rheumatoid arthritis, systemic lupus erithmatosis and systemic myopathic diseases.
in this update, we present new information regarding the diagnosis and treatment of patients with ild secondary to systemic sclerosis, rheumatoid arthritis, dermatomyositis and polymyositis, and sjogren syndrome.
on the basis of simple observation, the background risk of malignancy among children with sjogren syndrome and dermatomyositis seems much lower than the markedly elevated risk found in adults with the same diagnoses.
this ab also can be used in other april mediated diseases such as sjogren syndrome, multiple sclerosis and systemic lupus erythematosus.'"
"'the incidence and prevalence of autoimmune diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis, primary sjogren syndrome, scleroderma and systemic lupus erythematosus (sle) varies with geography and ethnicity.
neuromyelitis optica (nmo) is a severe inflammatory disease of the optic nerves and spinal cord that can be associated with lupus erythematosus, sjogren syndrome or myasthenia gravis.
the presence of serum ana was studied with a commercial elisa (varelisa ana ctd screen) in 472 patients (202 sle, 41 sjogren syndrome, 11 crest, 59 rheumatoid arthritis, 30 seronegative spondyloarthropaties, 77 inflammatory bowel disease, 13 reactive arthritis, 11 giant cell arteritis, 28 ankylosing spondilitis).
however, the presence of anas in pathologies other than connective tissue diseases, such as sle or sjogren syndrome, may be of clinical significance as well.
other common rheumatic manifestations included sjogren-like syndrome/diffuse infiltrative lymphocytosis syndrome (dils; 11 cases; 11.22%), lupus-like syndrome (10 cases; 10.20%), of which 5 cases had renal involvement, and myositis (8 cases; 8.16%) including one case of zidovudine-induced myositis.
the patient had a history of sjogren syndrome and diabetes mellitus, for which she had been taking oral prednisolone for 10 years.
"'systemic disorders with possible involvement of the nervous system include a variety of diseases with presumed inflammatory and autoimmune pathomechanisms, among them beh\u00e7et disease, sarcoidosis, systemic lupus erythematosus, juvenile idiopathic arthritis, scleroderma, and sjogren syndrome.
further evaluation of seroconversion in patients with and without current or previous history of muscle disease (p = 0.20), skin ulcers (p = 0.48), lupus-like cutaneous disease (p = 0.74), secondary sjogren syndrome (p = 0.78), scleroderma-pattern in the nailfold capillaroscopy (p = 1.0), lymphopenia #1000/mm\u00b3 on two or more occasions (p = 1.0), hypergammaglobulinemia $1.6 g/d (p = 0.60), pulmonary hypertension (p = 1.0) and pulmonary fibrosis (p = 0.80) revealed comparable rates.
patients with incomplete medical records, multiple (>1) revision procedures, less than 3 weeks of postoperative follow-up data, or a history of sjogren syndrome, severe thyroid eye disease, histoplasmosis ocular infection, periocular trauma causing eyelid malposition, or radiotherapy for nasopharyngeal cancer were excluded from the study.
the patients with hr-nmo had optico-spinal ms (osms; n=3), longitudinally extensive transverse myelitis (tm) (n=35), recurrent optic neuritis (on) (n=2), on with sjogren's syndrome (n=1) and tm positive for sjogren-a(ssa) antibody (n=1).
ctds include systemic lupus erythematosus (sle), rheumatoid arthritis (ra), systemic sclerosis (ssc), polymyositis/dermatomyositis (pdm), and sjogren syndrome (ss).
"\"sjogren's syndrome (sjs) is a common chronic autoimmune disease characterized by the b cell hyperactivation, lymphocyte infiltration, and tissue damage of exocrine glands.
"\"sjogren's syndrome (ss) is characterized by autoimmune activation and loss of function in the salivary glands.
two major, clinically relevant, conditions which cause irreversible salivary gland dysfunction are radiation treatment for head-and-neck cancers and the autoimmune exocrinopathy, sjogren's syndrome (pss).
a number of recent studies have identified that defects in critical ca<sup>2+</sup> signaling mechanisms underlie salivary gland dysfunction caused by radiation treatment or sjogren's syndrome (pss).
"\"primary sjogren's syndrome (pss) is a chronic autoimmune rheumatic disease characterized by inflammation of exocrine glands, mainly salivary and lacrimal glands.
"\"sjogren's syndrome is a lymphoproliferative disease with autoimmune features characterized by mononuclear cell infiltration of exocrine glands, notably the lacrimal and salivary glands.
sjogren's syndrome is associated with the production of autoantibodies because b-cell activation is a consistent immunoregulatory abnormality.
for this purpose an international set of classification criteria for primary sjogren's syndrome has recently been developed and validated and seems well suited for enrolment in clinical trials.
finally, ultrasonography and saliva meet the need of non-invasive imaging and sampling methods for discovery and validation of disease biomarkers in sjogren's syndrome.\""
"\"sjogren's syndrome (ss) is an inflammatory autoimmune disease that causes hyposecretion in salivary glands.
"\"there is a well-established association of sjogren's syndrome with renal tubular acidosis (rta).\\xa0rarely there is a retrospective diagnosis where the patient presents with rta and the workup reveals sjogren's syndrome.
a favorable profile for the anti-nuclear antibody, anti-ro/ssa, and anti-la/ssb was consistent with sjogren's syndrome.
the patient did not have typical glandular symptoms of sjogren's syndrome, and follow-up is needed to see whether the patient develops symptoms in the future\\xa0and to prevent any possible complication.\""
in polyclonal hypergammaglobulinemia related to the sjogren syndrome or systemic lupus, erythematosus serum free light chain levels are increased and could correlate with disease activity.
rheumatic manifestations are the most frequent extraintestinal findings of ibd with a prevalence between 17% and 39%, and ibd is associated, less frequently, with other rheumatic disease such as rheumatoid arthritis, sjogren syndrome, takayasu arteritis, and fibromyalgia.
of the 3 patients with mcv, sjogren syndrome was confirmed in 2.
pilocarpine represents a potential treatment for dry mouth due to sjogren's syndrome (ss).
"\"we describe a 53-year-old woman with primary sjogren's syndrome and tubulointerstitial nephritis showing distal renal tubular acidosis and fanconi syndrome.
"\"sjogren's syndrome concurrent with protein-losing gastroenteropathy can develop into secondary systemic capillary leak syndrome.
thus, it is important to diagnose the condition as soon as possible and simultaneously administer treatment for sjogren's syndrome, protein-losing gastroenteropathy, and systemic capillary leak syndrome.\""
"\"sjogren's syndrome (ss) is a chronic autoimmune disorder characterised by the clinical presence of sicca syndrome.
"\"the levels of interleukin (il)-7 and its receptor are elevated in the salivary glands of patients with sjogren's syndrome (ss).
"\"primary sjogren's syndrome (pss) is an autoimmune disease in which the underlying cause has yet to be elucidated.
"\"primary sjogren's syndrome (pss) is a complex systemic autoimmune disease with heterogeneous disease manifestations.
"\"sjogren's syndrome (ss) patients manifest high cell-free dna (cf-dna) levels in serum, associated with impaired dnasei activity.
"\"the presence of serum autoantibodies has been associated with sjogren's syndrome (ss), an autoimmune rheumatic disease that targets salivary and lachrymal glands.
the objective of this work was to explore whether anti-ro and anti-la autoantibodies purified from sjogren igg fractions are able to trigger apoptotic process in the human salivary gland cell line a-253.
apoptosis triggered by sjogren autoantibodies could be responsible for the impairment of the secretory function in the salivary glands.\""
genetic studies have identified associations of the fam167a-blk locus with rheumatoid arthritis, systemic lupus erythematosus (sle) and sjogren's syndrome.
"\"we report a case of recurrent idiopathic pulmonary hemosiderosis after a long-term remission presented with sjogren's syndrome.
he was also diagnosed with sjogren's syndrome.
"'primary sjogren\\'s syndrome (pss) is a chronic autoimmune disease characterized by exocrine gland dysfunction, mainly causing sicca symptoms.
"\"genetic investigations of sjogren's syndrome (ss) have identified a susceptibility locus at p23.3 of chromosome 11, which contains the cxcr5 gene.
"\"pulmonary arterial hypertension (pah) is a rare and severe complication of primary sjogren's syndrome (pss).
used in combination, these probes show prominent ifn-\u03b3 effects in sjogren syndrome (ss) tissues.
in rare cases, a systemic disease such as sarcoidosis, lupus or sjogren syndrome may be diagnosed.
among women carriers, autoimmune thyroid disorder was the most common (24.4%), then fibromyalgia (10.2%), irritable bowel syndrome (ibs; 9.9%), raynaud's phenomenon (7.6%), rheumatoid arthritis (ra; 3.8%), sjogren syndrome (2.6%), systemic lupus erythematosus (sle; 2.03%), multiple sclerosis (1.74%).
twenty-six patients (46%) had systemic sclerosis (ss), 12 (21%) presystemic sclerosis (pre-ss), one (2%) dermatopolymyositis-ss, one (2%) mixed connective tissue disease, two (4%) sjogren syndrome, two (4%) an overlap syndrome, one (2%) rheumatoid arthritis and six (11%) other connective tissue diseases.
patients with sjogren syndrome and dermatopolymyositis-ss showed a nonspecific capillaroscopic pattern.
substantial evidences have been accumulated showing that lncrnas involved in the pathogenesis of the rheumatoid diseases, including rheumatoid arthritis (ra), systemic lupus erythematosus (sle) and sjogren's syndrome (ss).
"\"primary sjogren's syndrome (pss) is an autoimmune disease characterized by lymphocytic infiltration of exocrine glands.
primary sjogren syndrome was found in 21.5%; and 10.9% patients of dry eye had some form of systemic collagen vascular disorders.
the prevalence of sjogren syndrome (ss) was significantly higher, and that of other diseases was lower in ssa+ssb+ than in ssa+ssb- group.
although no dry symptoms appeared, it became clear by the saxon test that she was also complicated with sjogren syndrome.
generally, it is reported that there is coherence with htlv-1 infection and sjogren syndrome.
so the htlv-1 infection might have accounted for the pathogenesis of these three disorders (htlv-1 infection, bronchiolitis, sjogren syndrome).\""
ulcerative conditions including behcet and crohn diseases are discussed, along with rheumatic conditions including sjogren syndrome, lupus erythematosus, and rheumatoid arthritis.
except for 2 patients positive for antinuclear factor without other associated features, 15 patients (65%) were finally diagnosed as having sjogren/sicca syndrome, rheumatoid arthritis or antiphospholipid antibody syndrome.
the nk and nkt cell percentages were significantly higher in systemic lupus erythematosus and in sjogren, respectively, compared to other cvds and controls (p=0.001 and p<0.001).
in contrast, secondary sjogren syndrome was more commonly found in the older age-group (27.1% versus 12.1%; p\\u2009=\\u20090.03).
"\"background/aim: abnormalities in oral mucosal immunity contribute to complex pathogenesis of primary sjogren's syndrome (psjs).
"\"sjogren's syndrome is a multifactorial systemic autoimmune disorder characterized by lymphocytic infiltrates in exocrine organs.
the question we addressed here was whether some defects exist in autophagy processes in sjogren's syndrome and if they can be corrected or minimized using an appropriate mechanism-driven treatment targeting this central survival pathway.
using a recognized murine model of secondary sjogren's syndrome, we identified molecular alterations of autophagy occurring in the salivary glands of mrl/lpr mice, and discovered that opposite (up- or down-regulated) autophagy events can arise in distinct organs of the same mouse strain, here in lymphoid organs and salivary glands.
our findings provide a proof-of-concept that targeting autophagy might represent a promising therapeutic strategy for treating patients with sjogren's syndrome.\""
she had been followed up as mixed connective tissue disease and sjogren's syndrome for over 19 years.
the maternal connective tissue disorder has been systemic lupus erythematosus (sle) or sjogren syndrome in most cases, however approximately 50% of mothers are asymptomatic at the time of diagnosis, testing positive only against ro and/ or u1rnp auto-antibodies.
the 5 rds most frequently associated with pleuropulmonary disease are (1) rheumatoid arthritis, (2) systemic lupus erythematosus, (3) progressive systemic sclerosis, (4) polymyositis/dermatomyositis, and (5) sjogren syndrome.
"'the aberrant expression of interleukin-17 (il-17) has been reported in primary sjogren\\'s syndrome (pss).
hashimoto's disease (p\\u2009=\\u20090.003), raynaud syndrome (p\\u2009=\\u20090.023) and sjogren syndrome (p\\u2009=\\u20090.044) were significantly associated with pbc.
an elevated serum baff level has been linked to several autoimmune diseases such as sjogren syndrome, systemic lupus erythematosus and rheumatoid arthritis.
we highlight and report a case of a 34-year-old ghanaian female who was successfully diagnosed and managed for sjogren's as well as plasma cell variant castleman disease with combination chemotherapy and rituximab followed by eighteen months maintenance therapy with pulse chlorambucil and prednisolone and three monthly rituximab.\""
several studies described a correlation between hcv and lympho-cytic sialoadenitis, similar to sialoadenitis associated with idiopathic sjogren syndrome, but we can define as \"pseudo- sjogren syndrome\" the one associated with hcv infection, because it shows several differences in the idiopathic form.
fgn in a patient with underlying asymptomatic sjogren's syndrome is very rare in the literature, with only two previously reported cases of this association.
we present the case of a 75-year-old female with a past medical history of asymptomatic primary sjogren's syndrome and fibromyalgia, who presented to emergency department with a new episode of hypertension.
this report presents a case of helicobacter pylori-negative gastric extranodal marginal zone lymphoma of mucosa-associated lymphoid tissue (malt lymphoma) in the setting of sjogren syndrome and hashimoto thyroiditis treated with primary involved-field radiotherapy.
"\"although central nervous system manifestations seem common in primary sjogren's syndrome, hypertrophic pachymeningitis is rare.
we herein describe a case of sjogren's syndrome that was associated with hypertrophic pachymeningitis.
sjogren's syndrome should be considered as a cause of hypertrophic pachymeningitis.\""
"\"we investigated the correlation between the increased proportion of peripheral b cell subsets and clinical and immunological features in primary sjogren's syndrome (pss).
apobec3b expression was observed in 15/20 sjogren's syndrome patients, 5/5 chronic sialadenitis, and 3/5 normal minor salivary glands.
l1 orf2p expression may promote the l1 ability to act as an intrinsic antigen in sjogren's syndrome.
"\"in order to evaluate autoantibody to sp-1 as an early biomarker in pss, we investigated autoantibody to sp-1 in chinese patients with primary sjogren's syndrome (pss).
"\"we presented the first case of bilateral striopallidodentate calcinosis secondary to sjogren's syndrome.
further consideration should be given to the association between sjogren's syndrome and bilateral striopallidodentate calcinosis, because sjogren's syndrome is latent, but more frequent than other autoimmune diseases.\""
"\"sjogren's syndrome (ss), first described by swedish ophthalmologist henrik sjogren in 1930, is a chronic inflammatory, autoimmune disorder characterized by diminished lacrimal and salivary glands secretion resulting in keratoconjunctivitis sicca and xerostomia.
dr. sjogren identified ss in 1930.
gss is nevertheless underlied by a lymphocyte infiltrate composed mainly of tcd8+ lymphocytes, while in the gougerot-sjogren syndrome (gss), the lymphocyte infiltrate is essentially composed of tcd4+ lymphocytes.
"\"sjogren's syndrome (ss), an autoimmune disorder, affects the exocrine glands, including the lacrimal and salivary glands.
she was diagnosed with sjogren's syndrome (ss) associated with renal tubular acidosis.
using sjogren's syndrome as a model autoimmune disease, we review the role of stress in the initiation and perpetuation of autoimmune reactivity.
a low level of education, low socioeconomic status, atlantoaxial subluxation, hip involvement, the presence of a sjogren syndrome, and cigarette smoking had a negative impact on fatigue scores.
rheumatoid arthritis (ra) often involves the small joints of the hands in a symmetrical fashion that can lead to loss of joint function, and ra, as well as sjogren's syndrome (ss) and other rheumatic diseases, are often accompanied by sensitivity to metals.
th17\\xa0cells and their signature cytokine il-17 are also present in salivary gland lesions of primary sjogren's syndrome (pss) patients and can be elevated in their peripheral blood.
"\"sjogren's syndrome (ss) is a chronic autoimmune disease characterized by lymphocytic infiltration of exocrine glands and b cell hyperreactivity.
the prevalence of autoimmune disease (rheumatoid arthritis, hashimoto's disease, graves' disease, systemic lupus erythematosus, celiac disease, systemic sclerosis, sjogren syndrome and multiple sclerosis) was 1.4% in older women (95% ci: 1.3%, 1.5%) with significant variation across regions of the united states.
in a 2.5-years-old male patient with non syndromic congenital ataxia and autophagic vacuoles in the muscle biopsy we identified a homozygous nonsense mutation r111x mutation in sil1 gene, leading to early diagnosis of marinesco-sjogren syndrome.
"\"sjogren's syndrome (ss) is an immune system oral disorder that is characterized generally by dry mouth and eyes.
we have reviewed the current literature on associations between depression and inflammatory rheumatologic diseases, such as rheumatoid arthritis, systemic lupus erythematosus, sjogren's syndrome and ankylosing spondylitis.\""
sjogren's syndrome, systemic sclerosis, vasculitis including bechet's and igg4 related disease), and a basic science immunology group spanning all of the above clinical domains.
enhanced expression of mature il-1\u03b2 (p17) and caspase-1 (p20) proteins in sjogren's syndrome were noted, compared to controls.
the mrna levels of caspase-1 and asc were significantly increased in patients with sjogren's syndrome compared to controls (p=0.001 and p=0.002, respectively).
"\"mait cells are expanded in salivary glands of patients with sjogren's syndrome and are il-17 polarized.
il-7 and il-23 induce il-17 production activating two different pathways: il-7 stimulation induces in fact a significant stat3 and hif1alpha upregulation, conversely, il-23 stimulation significantly induces rorc overexpression in mait cells of patients with sjogren's syndrome.\""
ssc-sjogren overlap syndrome was related to lssc, further overlapping systemic lupus erythematosus (sle), and less lung or heart involvement.
one of the 11 patients resulted positive to hyperthyroidism and mixed connective, 10 patients resulted positive to hyperthyroidism subdivided in: 6 affected by sclerodermia and by 4 sclerodermia and s. of sjogren.
three years after treatment of the lymphoma, asymptomatic progression of the sjogren 's syndrome was observed with pulmonary involvement--predominantly bullous or cystic lung disease.
to our knowledge, this is the only report of sjogren 's syndrome associated with non-hodgkin's lymphoma in salivary gland, and complicated with multiple lung cysts.\""
sicca syndrome is common in patients with chronic hcv infection and shares similarities with primary sjogren syndrome, suggesting that hcv infection may deserve to be included among the causes of secondary sjogren syndrome.
some of the most common rheumatic diseases include rheumatoid arthritis, osteoarthritis, lupus, psoriatic arthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, gout, and sjogren syndrome.
"'we evaluated 5 commercially available hep-2 antinuclear antibody (ana) indirect fluorescent antibody (ifa) assays using patient serum samples from 45 patients with rheumatoid arthritis, 50 with systemic lupus erythematosus (sle), 35 with scleroderma, 20 with sjogren syndrome, 10 with polymyositis, and 100 healthy control subjects.
female patients with cu had a significantly higher incidence of rheumatoid arthritis, sjogren syndrome, celiac disease, type i diabetes mellitus, and systemic lupus erythematosus, mostly diagnosed during the 10 years after the diagnosis of cu.
our aim is to determine the prevalence of anti-cep-1 in a cohort of acpa positive (acpa+) primary sjogren's syndrome (pss) patients.
"\"salivary gland inflammation is a hallmark of sjogren's syndrome (ss), a common autoimmune disease characterized by lymphocytic infiltration of the salivary gland and loss of saliva secretion, predominantly in women.
"\"to examine genes expressed specifically in labial salivary glands (lsgs) of patients with sjogren's syndrome (ss) in comparison with those of patients with immunoglobulin (ig)g4-related disease (igg4-rd), and to identify the genes involved in the pathogenesis of ss.
in this review article, we discuss links of the oral microbiota to a group of autoimmune diseases, that is, sjogren's syndrome (ss), systemic lupus erythematosus (sle), crohn's disease (cd), and rheumatoid arthritis (ra).
"\"anti-ro and anti-la antibodies are important in pathogenesis and diagnosis of sjogren's syndrome (ss).
eleven (37%) patients had im, 8 of them as part of an overlap syndrome defined as im associated with connective autoimmune disease (5 systemic sclerosis [ssc], 2 sjogren syndrome (ss), and 1 systemic lupus erythematosus [sle]).
these included sjogren syndrome, raynaud phenomenon, rheumatoid arthritis, systemic lupus erythematosus, sarcoidosis, scleroderma, and multicentric thrombocytosis.
to analyze the association of voice disorders in patients with rheumatoid arthritis (ra), systemic lupus erythematosus (sle), and sjogren syndrome (ss).
"\"primary sjogren's syndrome (pss) is characterized by lymphocytic infiltration of the exocrine glands resulting in decreased saliva and tear production.
"\"the rationale for b cell depletion therapy with rituximab in primary sjogren's syndrome relies upon the well-established role of b cell hyperactivity in immunopathogenesis.
"\"sjogren's syndrome (ss) is an autoimmune disease of exocrine tissue that primarily affects women.
"\"the presence of autoantibodies is one of several hallmarks of sjogren's syndrome, the detection of serum autoantibodies has a central role in the diagnosis and classification of sjogren's syndrome.
in this review, we will discuss autoantibodies that are helpful in the diagnosis of sjogren's syndrome.
"\"sjogren's syndrome (ss) is a chronic autoimmune disease with broad clinical spectrum, extending from benign exocrinopathy to severe systemic disease and lymphoma development.
diagnosis was rheumatoid arthritis (ra) in 71/81, psoriatic arthritis in 5, juvenile idiopathic arthritis (jia) in 2, sjogren syndrome in 1, undifferentiated polyarthritis in 1, and spondyloarthritis in 1.
thirty patients with primary sjogren syndrome were recruited for this study.
in 2 patients with a history of aid (one with rheumatoid arthritis [ra] and the other with bullous pemphigoid [bp]) and in 1 patient with sjogren syndrome, aid recurred 7 to 12 months after autologous sct.
the ra and bp were in durable remission before sct, and no sjogren syndrome-related disease activity was clinically documented at the time of sct.
nonobese diabetic/shiltj mice and mice transduced with the cytokine bmp6\\xa0develop sjogren's syndrome and chronic pancreatitis and mrl/mp mice are models of autoimmune pancreatitis.
"\"animal models that recapitulate human disease are crucial for the study of sjogren's syndrome (ss).
precedents in relation to sjogren syndrome and hypersensitivity pneumonitis raise the possibility of a causal association between pathologies in these 2 anatomic compartments, although hrct data in relation to common sads indicate that this would be a rare phenomenon.
"\"sjogren's syndrome (ss) is an autoimmune disease affecting the lacrimal and salivary glands with hallmark clinical symptoms of dry eye and dry mouth.
at the end of follow-up, 53 patients (62%) were classified as having ms with a mean (sd) expanded disability status scale score of 2.6 (1.8), 1 patient (1%) was classified as having postinfectious myelitis, 1 (1%) as having neuromyelitis optica, 1 (1%) as having sjogren syndrome, and 29 (34%) still had aptm of undetermined etiology.
there was progressive memory and planning impairment and, six years later, sjogren syndrome with central nervous system involvement was diagnosed.
"\"for decades, sjogren's syndrome (ss) and sjogren's syndrome-like (ss-like) disease in patients and mouse models, respectively, have been intensely investigated in attempts to identify the underlying etiologies, the pathophysiological changes defining disease phenotypes, the nature of the autoimmune responses, and the propensity for developing b cell lymphomas.
"'sjogren\\'s syndrome (ss) is an autoimmune disease affecting the lacrimal glands resulting in dry eye disease (ded).
ophthalmologists may be the first line of detection of sjogren\\'s syndrome given the frequency of ded in ss and that dry eye is often the presenting symptom.
primary sjogren's syndrome (pss) patients have an increased risk of developing malt lymphomas, preferentially in the parotid glands.
seven patients (54%) were diagnosed with immune-mediated disease from autoimmune parotitis (positive sjogren's antibodies or antinuclear antibodies) or human immunodeficiency virus (hiv) disease.
these neoplasms can arise at virtually any extranodal site and are commonly associated with chronic antigenic stimulation either as a result of infection (eg, helicobacter pylori in the stomach) or autoimmune disease (eg, sjogren syndrome and salivary glands).
"\"sjogren's syndrome is an autoimmune disease characterized by an autoimmune exocrinopathy involving mainly salivary and lacrimal glands.
several systemic manifestations may be found in patients with sjogren's syndrome including neurological disorders.
this paper endeavors to review the main clinical neurological manifestations in sjogren syndrome, the physiopathology, and their therapeutic response.\""
five (7%) patients, who were cie and/or lia anti-ku positive, were negative for both subsets, as detected with the immunoblot; 31% of the patients had undifferentiated connective tissue disease (uctd); 29% had systemic sclerosis (ssc); 18% had systemic lupus erythematosus (sle); 11% had rheumatoid arthritis; 7% had polymyositis; and 3% had sjogren syndrome.
the clinical syndromes that define nmo and nmosd, especially longitudinally extensive transverse myelitis and optic neuritis, can also occur in the context of established rheumatologic diseases such as systemic lupus erythematosus and sjogren syndrome and other organ-specific autoimmune diseases.
marinesco-sjogren syndrome, clinically characterized by cerebellar ataxia, cataracts, myopathy, and mental retardation, is genetically heterogeneous.
compared with control subjects, patients with pemphigus were much more likely to have sjogren's syndrome (odds ratio [or]: 15.0; 95% confidence interval [ci]: 3.16-71.5), psoriasis (or: 7.18; 95%\\xa0ci: 5.55-9.29), systemic lupus erythematosus (or: 4.46; 95%\\xa0ci: 1.88-10.6), and alopecia areata (or: 2.68; 95%\\xa0ci: 1.26-5.67).
according to gender-stratified analyses, however, the association between pemphigus and sjogren's syndrome or alopecia areata was found to be significant only in the female patients.
we confirm the association between pemphigus and some autoimmune diseases, including sjogren's syndrome, systemic lupus erythematosus, and alopecia areata.
"\"sjogren's syndrome (ss) is a systemic autoimmune disease that is characterized by focal lymphocytic infiltration into exocrine organs such as salivary and lacrimal glands, resulting in dry mouth and eyes, and other systemic injuries.
thyrotoxicosis and abnormal hypercoagulable and rheumatological profiles were remarkable, with prolonged partial thromboplastin time, elevated anticardiolipin antibody level, and positive antinuclear antibody, lupus anticoagulant, sjogren antibody, and anti-double-stranded dna antibody test results, which were more than 8-fold greater than normal values.
immunological studies showed that the patient's serum recognized antigens expressed by the patient's own germinoma cells, as well as pituitary antigens like growth hormone and systemic antigens like the sjogren syndrome antigen b and alpha-enolase.
in addition, eccrine gland involvement and an extremely high level of serum salivary amylase were observed at the onset of ten, furthermore, sjogren-like symptoms occurred after recovery from ten.
these findings suggested that the sjogren-like autoimmune abnormalities induced by anti-ro/ss-a correlated with the development of chronic pulmonary complications in our patient.'"
the first patological analysis of accessory salivary glands evoked a primary gougerot-sjogren syndrome.
"\"labial salivary gland (lsg) biopsy is used in the classification of primary sjogren's syndrome (pss) and in patient stratification in clinical trials.
we denote the description of the locus niger affected by tuberculosis in a case of parkinsonism (this description paving etienne brissaud's way to highlight the anatomical origin of parkinson's disease), the original clinical description of marinesco-sjogren syndrome, and that of medullomyoblastoma.
"'a 66-year-old woman with primary sjogren syndrome developed syringomyelia following two episodes of subarachnoid hemorrhage (sah) due to the rupture of basilar artery aneurysms.
several diseases can be associated with urticarial vasculitis, namely infections and autoimmune connective-tissue disorders such as systemic lupus erythematosus and sjogren syndrome.
"\"primary sjogren's syndrome (pss) is an autoimmune disease that targets salivary and lachrymal glands, characterized by anti-cholinergic autoantibodies directed against the m(3) muscarinic acetylcholine receptor (machr).
the aim of this work was to evaluate if cholinergic autoantibodies contained in igg purified from sjogren sera could trigger apoptosis of a253 cell line.
we report the case of a 28-year-old woman with overlapping features of sle and sjogren syndrome who developed severe sls while receiving corticosteroids and azathioprine for severe polyarthritis.
the collagen vascular diseases that most commonly involve the lung are rheumatoid arthritis, progressive systemic sclerosis, systemic lupus erythematosus, polymyositis and dermatomyositis, mixed connective tissue disease, and sjogren syndrome.
the patients show higher proviral load compared to the carries and are frequently complicated with htlv-i-associated inflammatory diseases in other organs, including uveitis, bronchoalveolitis, arthritis, and sjogren syndrome.
in this review, the characterization by proteomic approaches of new salivary markers in oncology, head and neck carcinoma (oral cavity, oropharynx, larynx, and salivary glands), breast and gastric cancers, salivary gland function and disease, sjogren syndrome, systemic sclerosis, dental and gingival pathology, systemic, psychiatric and neurological diseases, is described.'"
elevated levels of double-stranded-dna in low titers were found in four patients, anti-smith-antibody in four; anti-sjogren-syndrome-a-antibody in seven, and anti-ribonucleoprotein-antibody in seven.
the main ocular manifestations of hepatitis c virus include a sjogren-type of dry eye syndrome and an ischemic retinopathy secondary to treatment with interferon or a result of a systemic vasculitis induced by the infection itself.
these individuals exhibit clinical features of ichthyosis, seizures, mental retardation, and spasticity-a constellation that resembles sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) but presents a more severe neurologic phenotype.
unilateral or bilateral blindness was observed in 16.2% of patients, 19.8% were associated with sjogren syndrome, and 13.6% were associated with thyroid diseases.
she received a diagnosis of sjogren's syndrome at 1 month before her visit to kyungpook national university medical center.
the coexistence of uc and ta has been reported; however, reports on the coexistence of uc and sjogren's syndrome, or of uc and hashimoto's thyroiditis are rare.
"\"hydroxychloroquine is an oral antimalarial medication commonly used off-label for a variety of rheumatological conditions, including systemic lupus erythematosus, rheumatoid arthritis, sjogren's syndrome and dermatomyositis.
"\"sjogren's syndrome is the second most common rheumatic disease in which autoimmune response targets exocrine glands (salivary and lacrimal glands) result in clinical symptoms of dry mouth and dry eye.
thrombospondin-1 (tsp-1) plays a critical regulatory role in the ocular mucosa and as such tsp-1<sup>-/-</sup> mice develop spontaneously chronic ocular surface inflammation associated with sjogren's syndrome.
thus, our results suggest that tsp-derived peptide attenuates sjogren's syndrome-associated dry eye and autoimmune inflammation by preventing th17 development while promoting the induction of t<sub>regs</sub> .
in this manuscript, we present the case of a patient with primary sjogren's syndrome who developed hlh after an acute infection by cytomegalovirus.
we reprogrammed cd4+ t\\xa0cell clones from a patient with sjogren's syndrome (ss) into ipscs, which were differentiated into dcs (t-ips-dcs).
"\"hypokalemic paralysis and respiratory failure associated with distal renal tubular acidosis as first clinical manifestation of primary sjogren's syndrome has been reported a few times.
we excluded the most common causes of distal renal tubular acidosis and finally established the diagnosis of primary sjogren's syndrome.
interestingly, igg4-rs shares commonalities with sjogren's syndrome (ss), like glandular enlargement, sicca symptoms, arthralgias, hypergammaglobulinemia, hypocomplementemia, and circulating antinuclear antibodies.
letm is a characteristic feature of neuromyelitis optica, but such spinal lesions can also occur in various other autoimmune and inflammatory diseases that involve the cns--such as multiple sclerosis, sarcoidosis or sjogren syndrome--or in infectious diseases with cns involvement.
investigations revealed distal renal tubular acidosis (drta) secondary to sjogren's syndrome with involvement of the parotid and thyroid glands.
sjogren's syndrome is associated with drta and occurrences of quadriparetic hypokalemia, nephrolithiasis, and osteomalacia can be prevented with early diagnosis and lifelong treatment with potassium and alkali replacement.\""
"\"the pathophysiology of glandular dysfunction in sjogren's syndrome (ss) has not been fully elucidated.
treatment indications included sialadenitis of unclear etiology (49%), sialadenitis with sialolithiasis (47%), and sjogren syndrome (4%).
42% of patients (n=11) had rheumatoid arthritis, 11% (n=3) spondyloarthropathies, 18% (n=5) psoriatic arthritis, 15% (n=4) undifferentiated arthritis, 3% (n=1) sjogren syndrome and 11% (n=3) had gout.
"\"we showed recently that m3 muscarinic acetylcholine receptor (m3r)-reactive cd3<sup>+</sup> t cells play a pathogenic role in the development of murine autoimmune sialadenitis (mis), which mimics sjogren's syndrome (ss).
five patients out of 12 had history of cancer and one each had diabetes mellitus, pulmonary emphysema and sjogren syndrome.
"\"we report a case of severe type i hyperlipoproteinemia caused by autoimmunity against lipoprotein lipase (lpl) in the context of presymptomatic sjogren's syndrome.
"\"sjogren's syndrome (sjs) is a systemic autoimmune disease resulting in a severe dry mouth and dry eyes.
"\"interstitial lung disease (ild) has been reported in 3 to 11% of patients with primary sjogren's syndrome (pss).
"\"sjogren's syndrome is a common autoimmune disease that presents with sicca symptoms and extraglandular features.
sjogren's syndrome is presumably as common as ra; yet it is poorly understood, underdiagnosed and undertreated.
aca-positive patients with primary sjogren's syndrome (pss) have also been reported.
all were women older than 50 years, commonly with sjogren syndrome and a history of treatment for joint disease ranging from 3 to 14 years.
"\"primary sjogren's syndrome (pss) is a systemic autoimmune disease that presents with sicca symptoms of the main mucosal surfaces.
"\"we have used high-resolution mass spectrometry to sequence precipitating anti-ro60 proteomes from sera of patients with primary sjogren's syndrome and compare immunoglobulin variable-region (igv) peptide signatures in ro/la autoantibody subsets.
"\"scant knowledge exists on the type of restorative treatments sjogren's syndrome patients (ssp) receive in spite of their high dental disease burden due to hyposalivation.
"'the reviews in this series on sjogren syndrome provide an up-to-date summary and perspectives on the pathogenesis of this interesting entity with glandular and frequently systemic manifestations, the value of preclinical models, and our current understanding of therapeutic approaches.
the qtl on chromosome 6 displays the highest lod score (5.4) and contains the c-type lectin domain family 4 member a2 in its peak region, which encodes a receptor protein of dendritic cells that has previously been implicated in autoimmune diseases such as sjogren's syndrome.
"'pilocarpine has been widely used in ophthalmic preparations for the treatment of glaucoma and in oral preparations for the treatment of radiation-induced xerostomia and sjogren syndrome.
we report a case of acquired gitelman syndrome in a 32-year-old male who also presented diffuse scleroderma autoimmune thyroiditis, and sjogren's syndrome.
only three cases of sjogren syndrome associated with gitelman syndrome have been previously reported in literature.
these observations were confirmed for an additional sirna that targets endogenously expressed sjogren syndrome antigen b (ssb) mrna, indicating that our observations are not limited to a transgenic mouse system.
secretory dysfunction, often associated with sjogren syndrome or post radiation treatment, is also a frequent problem.
disease activity was obtained by eular sjogren's syndrome disease activity index (essdai).
"\"recent data suggest the association of the autoimmune gene variant ptpn22w* with dampened type i interferon (ifn) responses, seen in a subset of primary sjogren's syndrome (pss) patients.
recent findings on mirna expression profiles have been suggesting their role as biomarkers in autoimmune diseases such as systemic lupus erythematosus, rheumatoid arthritis and sjogren's syndrome.
in this review, we summarize the characteristics of mirnas and their functional role in the immune system and autoimmune diseases including systemic lupus erythematosus, primary sjogren's syndrome, rheumatoid arthritis, systemic sclerosis, multiple sclerosis and psoriasis; moreover, we depict the advantages of mirnas in modern diagnostics.\""
the condition can be associated with sjogren's syndrome (ss), which in turn may predispose the affected patient to the development of malignant lymphoma.
sgs of sjogren's syndrome patients (ss)-patients show signs of inflammation and altered proteostasis, associated with low ire1\u03b1/xbp-1 pathway activity without avert increases in apoptosis.
the results of lacrimal gland examination allowed us to analyze a number of ultrasound diagnostic signs and compare them with changes in acute dacryoadenitis, malt-lymphoma, sjogren disease, sarcoidosis and thyroid eye disease.
their mother was found to have lupus erythematosus with positive anti-ro/ssa antibodies and developed sjogren syndrome.
we measured concentrations of il-17 in tears of normal subjects (n = 28) and patients (n = 141) with meibomian gland dysfunction (mgd), dry eye syndrome (des), sjogren syndrome (ss), stevens-johnson syndrome (sjs), graft-versus-host disease (gvhd), filamentary keratitis, and autoimmune keratitis associated with rheumatoid arthritis or systemic lupus erythematosus.
in addition to febrile attacks, 27 patients presented with inflammatory bowel disease, erosive polyarthritis, sjogren syndrome, and other chronic neurologic, renal, pulmonary, endocrine, cutaneous, hematologic, or ocular symptoms.
clinical data from the 155 patients showed high prevalence in autoimmune diseases (73%) including myositis or dermatomyositis (n=30), lupus (n=23); sjogren and/or sicca syndrome (n=27); crest or systemic sclerosis (n=11) and autoimmune hepatitis (n=11).
"\"sjogren's syndrome (ss) is an autoimmune disorder characterized by chronic inflammation and destruction of salivary and lacrimal glands leading to dry mouth and dry eyes, respectively.
however, the role and expression of il-15 in the inflammatory autoimmune disease sjogren's syndrome (ss) has not been investigated.
the primary outocme was the european league against rheumatism sjogren's syndrome patient reported index (esspri).
the clinical features of igg4-rsd may be an under-recognized disease process that can mimic other autoimmune disorders, including sjogren's syndrome.
we describe a rare case of igg4-rsd involving the salivary glands, initially misdiagnosed as sjogren's syndrome.
the rheumatic diseases included rheumatoid arthritis, systemic lupus erythematosus, primary sjogren syndrome, dermatomyositis-polymyositis, and systemic sclerosis.
investigation of hla class ii alleles and haplotypes association with ra susceptibility with secondary sjogren's syndrome (sss) showed a predisposing effect of drb1*04 (pc < 10-3) and drb1*04-dqb1*03 haplotype when ra with sss/without sss groups were compared to healthy controls.
"\"the main orofacial manifestation of the inflammatory rheumatic diseases is that of sjogren's syndrome.
"\"neuromyelitis optica spectrum disorder often co-exists with primary sjogren's syndrome.
we compared the clinical features of 16 neuromyelitis optica spectrum disorder patients with (<i>n</i> = 6) or without primary sjogren's syndrome (<i>n</i> = 10).
there were no statistical differences in demographics or first neurological involvement at onset between neuromyelitis optica spectrum disorder patients with and without primary sjogren's syndrome.
the laboratory findings of cerebrospinal fluid oligoclonal banding, serum c-reactive protein, antinuclear autoantibody, anti-sjogren's-syndrome-related antigen a antibodies, anti-sjogren's-syndrome-related antigen b antibodies, and anti-sm antibodies were significantly higher in patients with primary sjogren's syndrome than those without.
anti-aquaporin 4 antibodies were detectable in 67% (4/6) of patients with primary sjogren's syndrome and in 60% (6/10) of patients without primary sjogren's syndrome.
more brain abnormalities were observed in patients without primary sjogren's syndrome than in those with primary sjogren's syndrome.
segments lesions (> 3 centrum) were noted in 50% (5/10) of patients without primary sjogren's syndrome and in 67% (4/6) of patients with primary sjogren's syndrome.
these findings indicate that the clinical characteristics of neuromyelitis optica spectrum disorder patients with and without primary sjogren's syndrome are similar.
however, neuromyelitis optica spectrum disorder patients without primary sjogren's syndrome have a high frequency of brain abnormalities.\""
we report a 52-year-old male with a sjogren syndrome that was treated with monthly pulses of intravenous immunoglobulin for a chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyradiculoneuropathy.
"\"sjogren's disease is associated with a high burden of illness, diminished quality of life, and increased health care costs.
the sjogren's syndrome foundation developed the first us clinical practice guidelines for management of the oral, ocular, and rheumatologic or systemic manifestations.
this initiative should improve the quality and consistency of care for sjogren's disease in the united states, guide insurance reimbursement, and define areas for future study.
"\"one of the main characteristics of primary sjogren's syndrome (pss) is chronic dysfunction and destruction of the salivary and lacrimal glands; their secretory biofluids should reflect the glandular biological status.
"\"primary sjogren's syndrome (pss) is a systemic autoimmune disease that is associated with inflammation and dysfunction of salivary and lacrimal glands.
"\"annular erythema with sjogren's syndrome (aess) is occasionally found, especially in asian patients, which is classified into three types.
we present a case of sjogren's syndrome showing various types of aess with anti-signal recognition particle antibody-positive polymyositis.
"\"pigmented cosmetic dermatitis-like (riehl's melanosis-like) pigmentation was reported in three of 27 patients with primary sjogren's syndrome.
we describe three cases of such eruptions associated with primary sjogren's syndrome or anti-ssa antibody and possible associations with specific types of human leukocyte antigen (hla) and infiltrating lymphocytes.
some foxp3- and few il17-positive cells were found in strong contrast to the major cd4 subset of infiltrated t cells in annular erythema associated with sjogren's syndrome.
apparently, our patients' pigmentation represented a specific etiology associated with primary sjogren's syndrome or anti-ssa antibody.
mutations in aldh genes leading to defective aldehyde metabolism are the molecular basis of several diseases, including gamma-hydroxybutyric aciduria, pyridoxine-dependent seizures, sjogren-larsson syndrome and type ii hyperprolinaemia.
"\"the purpose of this study was to investigate salivary tissue assessment with various sonoelastographic modalities (real-time tissue elastography, virtual touch imaging and quantification) in patients with sjogren's syndrome as compared with an appropriate control group.
the sonoelastographic modalities were evaluated in 50 patients with primary sjogren's syndrome (pss).
this study aimed to compare the 12-week efficacy of hcq medication with that of a placebo in the management of dry eye in primary sjogren's syndrome (pss).
disease models included osteoarthritis, intervertebral disc degeneration, dilated cardiomyopathy, inflammatory bowel diseases, crohn's fistulas, meningoencephalomyelitis (multiple sclerosis-like), keratoconjunctivitis sicca (sjogren's syndrome-like), atopic dermatitis, and chronic (end-stage) kidney disease.
fifty-one patients had negative ultrasound, of whom 49 were also negative for histological features of sjogren's syndrome.
further researches are necessary to establish the physiopathology and the relationship with sjogren syndrome.
in the present case a hitherto undiscovered sjogren syndrome was diagnosed.
"\"a 56-year-old woman who had suffered from systemic lupus erythematosus and sjogren syndrome was admitted complaining of persistent cough.
"\"b-cell activating factor (baff) levels are increased in rheumatoid arthritis, lupus and primary sjogren's syndrome (pss).
the results of physical examination and laboratory findings were compatible with sjogren's syndrome with systemic sclerosis.
although the underlying mechanism is still unclear, autoimmune disease including sjogren's syndrome affects women more often than men and there was no family history of autoimmune disease.
"\"the mechanism responsible for the altered spectrum of tear proteins secreted by lacrimal gland acinar cells (lgac) in patients with sjogren's syndrome (ss) remains unknown.
"\"anti-ro(52/60) and anti-la constitute the hallmark autoantibodies in primary sjogren's syndrome, being present in 40-70% of sera.
in total, 96 sera from individuals with primary sjogren's syndrome and 114 healthy controls were tested for anti-ro 52/60 and anti-la in 17 immunoassays.
each sjogren's syndrome patient was matched to 4 controls based on age, sex, and index year, and all subjects were followed up from the index date to december 31, 2011.
in age stratified analyses, the youngest sjogren's syndrome cohort (age: 20-44years old) had the highest risk (hr=3.02; 95% ci=2.48-3.69) and the lowest risk at age \u226565years (hr=1.95; 95% ci=1.61-2.36).
regardless of in subjects with and without comorbidity, sjogren's syndrome patients had a higher risk than the controls.
"'rheumatologic diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis, systemic lupus erythematosus, sjogren syndrome, and scleroderma are immunologically mediated disorders that typically have multisystem involvement.
we report a case of a patient with interstitial pneumonia associated with sjogren syndrome, who presented with systemic arterial air embolism as a complication of computed tomography-guided marking of the lung.
increased prolactin levels have been described in autoimmune diseases such as systemic lupus erythematosus, rheumatoid arthritis, sjogren syndrome, and systemic sclerosis among others.
"\"sjogren's syndrome is a chronic autoimmune disorder characterized by lymphocytic infiltration, and consequently hypofunction of lacrimal and salivary glands.
"\"sjogren's syndrome type b (ssb)/la antibody is an autoantibody generally observed in connective tissue diseases whereas double-stranded deoxyribonucleic acid (dsdna) antibodies are the most characteristic autoantibodies found in systemic lupus erythematosus (sle) patients.
"\"the authors report an exceptional case of an anterior horn syndrome associated with sjogren's syndrome in a 58-year-old patient with a flaccid tetraparesis revealed by asymmetric atrophy and diffuse fasciculations associated with xerostomia and xerophthalmia.
diagnosis of anterior horn syndrome as part of sjogren's syndrome was retained.
"\"primary sjogren's syndrome (pss) has a strong female bias.
autoimmune thyroid disease and other organ non-specific non-endocrine autoimmune diseases: special attention is given to the correlation between autoimmune thyroid disease and rheumatoid arthritis, systemic lupus erythematosus, syndrome sjogren, systemic sclerosis and mixed connective tissue disease.
three rcts compared the effects of acupuncture with artificial tears in patients with xerophthalmia or sjogren syndrome.
this paper discusses the present day understanding about the expression and role in various autoimmune diseases including rheumatoid arthritis, sjogren syndrome, polymyositis/dermatomyositis, systemic lupus erythematosus, scleroderma, type i diabetis, and psoriasis.
we report the case of a 66 year old female patient with a history of diabetes, sjogren syndrome and hypertension.
"'we report a case of rheumatoid arthritis (ra) with autoimmune hepatitis (aih) and sjogren syndrome (sjs) that was treated with the tumor necrosis factor (tnf) inhibitor, etanercept (etn).
we report the case of a young woman with chronic hepatitis c virus and multiple extrahepatic autoimmune diseases including sjogren syndrome and pernicious anemia who presented with subacute midline cerebellar syndrome and was found to have positive antiglutamic acid decarboxylase (gad) antibody in the serum and cerebrospinal fluid.
corneal inflammation progressed in the 1 patient with boston type 1 keratoprosthesis-associated corneal melt, probably attributable to the progression of underlying sjogren syndrome, despite initiation of systemic immunomodulatory treatment, and required replacement of the device.
"\"sjogren's syndrome is one of the most common autoimmune disorders and has a female predominance.
in this paper, we present a case of patient with sjogren's syndrome who underwent cesarean section under spinal anesthesia.
"\"compelling evidence suggests that interleukin (il)-17 and il-17-producing cells play a pivotal role in the pathogenesis of primary sjogren's syndrome (pss).
among the corresponding mothers, 39 cases (44.8%) were asymptomatic before pregnancy, 35 had sle, 5 had scle, 3 had sjogren syndrome, 2 had chilblain, photosensitivity and arthralgia, respectively, 1 had rheumatoid arthritis and 1 had psoriasis.
exclusion criteria were the presence of anti-phospholipid syndrome or antibodies, sjogren syndrome, and a history of thrombosis.
"\"we treated a 45-year-old japanese woman with primary sjogren's syndrome (ss) complicated with dermatomyositis (dm) followed by diffuse large b-cell lymphoma.
"\"the pathogenesis of primary sjogren's syndrome (pss) is complex, in part due to dna methylation abnormalities.
"\"sjogren's syndrome (ss) is an autoimmune disease and the second most common chronic systemic rheumatic disorder.
examples of autoimmune phenomena observed in chronic hepatitis c virus infection include rheumatoid arthritis, thyroid disease, cryoglobulinaemia, immune thrombocytopenic purpura, systemic lupus erythematosus and sjogren syndrome.
"\"the purpose of the study described here was to evaluate salivary gland stiffness in primary sjogren's syndrome (pss) via acoustic radiation force impulse imaging, including virtual touch tissue quantification (vtq) and virtual touch tissue imaging quantification (vtiq).
the clik-060 treatment to the autoimmune disease, sjogren model mice, led to strongly suppress the expression of the pathological symptoms.
the patient was diagnosed with the sjogren syndrome and demonstrated inadequate lacrimation as assessed by schirmer testing.
of 27 autoimmune precursor lesions (11 hashimoto thyroiditis and 16 sjogren syndrome), 11 (41%) contained c psittaci dna.
the usefulness of this new methodology has been described in patients with tear instability, undergoing laser-assisted in-situ keratomileusis surgery, with stevens-johnson syndrome, sjogren syndrome and mild cataract opacities.
blood b10 cells were present in 91 patients with rheumatoid arthritis, systemic lupus erythematosus, primary sjogren syndrome, autoimmune vesiculobullous skin disease, or multiple sclerosis, and were expanded in some cases as occurs in mice with autoimmune disease.
after thirty days she showed sjogren-like symptoms, which resolved after the replaced of phenobarbital with oxcarbazepine.
we think this case report leads to take into consideration the possibility of a drug-induced disorder whenever patients treated with barbiturates develop symptoms suggestive of sjogren\\'s syndrome.'"
to shed some light on this controversy, we conducted a meta-analysis of all available cohort studies linking systemic lupus erythematosus (sle), rheumatoid arthritis (ra), and primary sjogren syndrome (pss) to the risk of nhl development.
"\"limited data are available regarding the intracellular responses to different cytokines in primary sjogren's syndrome (pss).
"\"although lymphatic neovascularization may be a key feature of chronic inflammation, it is almost unexplored in primary sjogren's syndrome (pss).
analysis of anti-ro52/ro60/la proteomes in primary sjogren's syndrome (ss) and anti-sm and anti-ribosomal p proteomes in systemic lupus erythematosus (sle) has revealed that these antibody responses are dominated by restricted sets of public (shared) clonotypes, consistent with common pathways of production across unrelated individuals.
"'a 61-year-old woman with systemic lupus erythematosus and sjogren syndrome presented with a two-month history of symptomatic nodules on the buttocks and thighs that progressed to involve the dorsal aspects of the hands.
additionally, it can be used for the diagnosis and grading of diffuse autoimmune diseases, such as sjogren and graves diseases.'"
"\"neuromyelitis optica spectrum disorder (nmosd) is a rare systemic autoimmune disease which is sometimes found in association with other autoimmune disorders including sjogren's syndrome.
neurological manifestations occur in 20% to 25% of diagnosed cases of sjogren's syndrome; however, less than 5% of patients with sjogren's syndrome have neurological manifestations as the initial presenting feature of sjogren's syndrome.
we report the case of an elderly female with longitudinal myelitis as a presenting feature who had positive antibody to aquaporin-4 (nmo-igg) and sjogren's syndrome.
"\"the muscarinic type 3 receptor (m3r) plays a pivotal role in the pathogenesis of sjogren's syndrome (ss).
"\"sjogren's syndrome is an autoimmune disease associated with inflammation of exocrine glands with clinical manifestations of dry eye and dry mouth.
while systemic blockade of adhesion molecules has been used to treat autoimmune diseases, the purpose of this study was to determine the therapeutic efficacy of topical application of an integrin \u03b14 adhesion molecule antagonist in a mouse model of dry eye associated with sjogren's syndrome.
to assess this spontaneously developed ocular surface inflammation related to sjogren's syndrome in tsp-1null mice (12 wks) was evaluated.
we conclude that similar to topical dexamethasone, topically administered gw559090 successfully improved corneal barrier integrity and inflammation in an established ocular surface disease associated with sjogren's syndrome.
immediately after the discovery of x rays, the first treatment of patients with these'mysterious rays' took place, with two patients with skin carcinomas being treated by stenbeck and sjogren in stockholm.
the diagnosis of sd is still based on clinical features and laboratory findings but some characteristic mri findings exist for each sd: micronodular leptomeningeal enhancement in sarcoidosis, diffuse or focal pachymeningeal involvement in wegener disease, dentate nuclei and brain stem lesions in langerhans cell histiocytosis, meningeal masses, dentate nuclei lesions and periarterial infiltration in erdheim-chester disease, meningeal masses in rosai-dorfman disease, veinular pontic lesions and cerebral vein thrombosis in beh\u00e7et, supratentorial microvascular lesions in lupus and antiphospholipid and gougerot-sjogren syndrome.
"\"the present study aimed to investigate the molecular mechanisms underlying the effects of total glucosides of peony (tgp) in the treatment of sjogren's syndrome (ss).
"\"sjogren's syndrome (ss) is a debilitating autoimmune disease.
"'ro52 is one of the major autoantigens targeted in the autoimmune disease sjogren syndrome.
primarily associated with sjogren syndrome, ro52 autoantibodies directed to a specific, partially structured epitope in the coiled-coil region may also induce a congenital heart block in the fetus of pregnant ro52-positive mothers.
over several years, the signs and symptoms evolved into a clear diagnosis of primary sjogren's syndrome (pss).
this antibody profile would typically be suggestive of sjogren's syndrome, which is characterized by dry eyes and poor salivary gland function.
however, since this patient did not have any symptoms consistent with the disease a diagnosis of sjogren's syndrome could not be made.
sjogren's syndrome (ss) is a chronic, systemic, immune-mediated inflammatory disease.
because abnormal humoral responses are key features in both primary sjogren's syndrome (pss) and systemic lupus erythematosus (sle), the aim of this study was to profile the pathological connection between peripheral tfh cells and b cells in the two diseases.
there were no cases of pml among patients with rheumatoid arthritis (95% ci 0.0-2.24), multiple sclerosis (95% ci 0.0-5.24), sjogren disease (95% ci 0.0-21.84), or solid organ transplantation (95% ci 0.0-26.81).
systemic lupus eryethematosus (sle) is the most common ctd, the others being juvenile dermatomyositis, systemic sclerosis, mixed connective disease and sjogren syndrome.
if standard therapies fail, then antimalarials can be tried to treat sjogren syndrome, granuloma annulare or erosive lichen planus.
eight hundred abstracts containing the keyword ngf and 1 of the following terms were reviewed: arthritis, neurogenic inflammation, rheumatoid arthritis, osteoarthritis, collagen arthritis, arteritis, psoriasis, psoriatic arthritis, sjogren syndrome, systemic lupus erythematosus, gout, osteoporosis, lower back pain, lumbar disc herniation, nerve root compression, spondyloarthritis, spondylarthropathy, algoneurodystrophy, fibromyalgia, kawasaki syndrome, polyarteritis nodosa, cytokine, vasculitis, pain, therapy, and antagonist.
"\"primary sjogren's syndrome (pss) is a relatively common autoimmune systemic rheumatic disease.
"\"the present study reports the case of a 24-year-old female affected with primary sjogren's syndrome (pss), who presented with mucosa-associated lymphoid tissue (malt) lymphoma of the submandibular gland.
however, the antinuclear antibody test revealed a speckled appearance, and there was also strong positivity for the serological markers of sjogren's syndrome.
therefore, malt lymphoma in a single salivary gland should be used as a differential diagnosis for sjogren's syndrome in young asymptomatic patients.
we also reported a patient with nmo accompanied with sjogren syndrome.
the positive rates were higher than those in patients with collagen diseases including systemic lupus erythematosus, sjogren syndrome, mixed connective tissue disease, and systemic sclerosis.
"\"apoptosis of the acinar and ductal epithelial cells of the salivary glands has been proposed as a mechanism possibly responsible for the impairment of the secretory function in sjogren's syndrome, an organ-specific autoimmune disorder characterized by destruction of these glandular structures.
the presence of serum autoantibodies (abs) directed against the ribonucleoproteic antigens ro and la is one of the classification criteria used to identify sjogren patients, and there is increasing evidence of the direct involvement of abs in tissue pathogenesis.
"\"we report a case of interstitial cystitis (ic) associated with primary sjogren's syndrome (ss) successfully controlled with combination therapy of tacrolimus and a corticosteroid.
however, compared with controls, hcl cases more frequently had sarcoidosis (or 9.6, 95%ci 2.4-39.5), sjogren syndrome (or 6.1, 95%ci 2.0-19.3) and erythema nodosum (or 37, 95%ci 4.9-284) before diagnosis.
this lymphoma usually arises in mucosal sites where lymphocytes are not normally present and where a lymphoid infiltration is acquired in response to either chronic infectious conditions or autoimmune processes: helicobacter pylori gastritis, hashimoto\\'s thyroiditis, sjogren syndrome.
about 67% (6 of 9) of the patients with nodal disease had evidence of immune system dysfunction, including human immunodeficiency virus infection, t-cell deficiency, autoantibodies, arthritis, sjogren syndrome, and decreased b cells.
"\"th17 cells and their associated signature cytokines, il-17 and il-22, are highly elevated in primary sjogren's syndrome (psjs).
"\"the recent development of salivary proteomics has led to the identification of potential biomarkers for diagnosing patients with primary sjogren's syndrome (pss).
besides the typical lupus forms, nonspecific skin lesions are also observed such as dermal mucinosis, acneiform skin lesions, different variants of livedo, necrotizing vasculitis with ulcers, purpura, urticaria vasculitis, neutrophilic dermatosis, hyperpigmentation, hair and nail changes as well as overlap syndromes with erythema multiforme, scleroderma, sjogren syndrome, raynaud phenomenon, lichen planus, bullous pemphigoid und psoriasis.
the anti-numa1 positive ctd were either sjogren's syndrome (ss) (54.5%) or systemic lupus erythematosus (sle) (45.5%).
when present, they are mostly associated with connective tissue disease, mainly sjogren syndrome and systemic lupus.
"\"sjogren's syndrome (ss) is a progressive autoimmune condition mainly affecting the salivary and lacrimal glands with an incidence of primary ss between 1/100 and 1/1,000.
paradigmatic examples include the development of lymphoma in sjogren's syndrome and hashimoto thyroiditis, gastric malt lymphoma in helicobacter pylori infection, or lymphomas associated with infections by epstein-barr virus, human herpes virus 8 (hhv 8) and leukemia/lymphoma virus 1 (htlv-1).
"'no effective treatment has been documented for the glandular primary sjogren syndrome (pss) despite the development of oral and biologic agents that have significant activity against other autoimmune disorders.
a few nmosd patients have also been diagnosed with systemic lupus erythematosus (sle) or sjogren syndrome (sjs).
a 57-year-old woman with a history of sjogren syndrome and lymphocytic interstitial pneumonia had a mass lesion in the left lower lung field.
autoantibodies against the interferon-inducible ifi16 protein, a member of the hin-200 family constitutively expressed in endothelial cells and keratinocytes, have been identified in patients affected by autoimmune diseases including systemic lupus erythematosus (sle), sjogren syndrome (sjs), and scleroderma (ssc).
a crest syndrome associated with hashimoto's thyroiditis, gougerot-sjogren syndrome, cryoglobulinaemia and complicated with severe pulmonary hypertension was diagnosed.
diagnostic test performance was determined from a cohort of 195 women, with tuberous sclerosis complex (tsc), tsc-lam, sporadic lam (s-lam), and other cystic lung diseases in the differential diagnosis, including biopsy-proven or genetically proven pulmonary langerhans cell histiocytosis, emphysema, sjogren syndrome, or birt-hogg-dub\u00e9 syndrome.
ultimately, of 46 patients included, 25 had no myopathy or neuropathy, 5 an axonal sensory motor polyneuropathy of which the cause was found (diabetes in 2, combination of diabetes and chemotherapy in 1, charcot marie tooth type 2 in 1, morbus sjogren in 1), 9 an idiopathic axonal sensory motor polyneuropathy, 3 an idiopathic small fiber polyneuropathy and 4 a carpal tunnel syndrome.
mounting evidence on the role of lncrnas in regulating key processes of the immune system prompted us to hypothesize the role of lncrnas as key regulators of the pathophysiology of sjogren's syndrome (ss).
a special entity of naturally occurring dna hydrolytic anti-dna antibodies is emerging within past decades linked to autoimmune and lymphoproliferative disorders, such as systemic lupus erythematosus (sle), multiple sclerosis (ms), sjogren syndrome (ss), b - chronic lymphocytic leucosis (b-cll), and multiple myeloma (mm).
"\"conventionnal therapy (moisturizers, pilocarpine, cevimeline, local cyclosporine, and hydroxychloroquine) remains the basis for the treatment of primary sjogren's syndrome (pss) but they do not modify the course of the disease.
two large double blind studies are currently ongoing or planned: the tears study (tolerance and efficacy of rituximab in primary sjogren syndrome) in france, is currently including 120 patients having either a recent and active disease and/or at least one extraglandular severe signs.
the 'tractiss' study (anti-b-cell therapy in patients with primary sjogren's syndrome), in uk, will include 100 patients having anti-ro/la antibodies, reduced basal secretion but an increased salivary flow with stimulation, within 10years of diagnosis, symptomatic oral dryness, fatigue and at least one systemic feature.\""
"\"salivary gland changes, characterised by a focal lymphocytic sialadenitits, play an important role in the diagnosis of primary sjogren's syndrome (pss) and were first described over 40\\u2005years ago.
diagnosing sarcoidosis becomes challenging, particularly when its complications cause patients' symptoms to mimic other conditions, including polymyositis, sjogren syndrome, or vasculitis.
"\"sjogren's syndrome is a complex autoimmune disease with an array of diverse immunological, genetic and environmental etiologies, making identification of the precise autoimmune mechanism difficult to define.
one of the most distinctive aspects of sjogren's syndrome is the high sexual dimorphism with women affected 10-20 times more than men.
it is nearly impossible to study the sexual dimorphic development of sjogren's syndrome in human patients; therefore it is pertinent to develop an appropriate animal model which resembles human disease.
"\"the elevated tissue expression of ro/ssa and la/ssb autoantigens appears to be crucial for the generation and perpetuation of autoimmune humoral responses against these autoantigens in sjogren's syndrome (ss).
"\"the aim of this study was to investigate the expression of the interleukin (il)-36 axis in patients with primary sjogren's syndrome (pss).
blood and minor labial salivary glands (msg) biopsies were obtained from 35 pss and 20 non-sjogren's syndrome patients (nss) patients.
sixty patients (38.0%) had comorbid sjogren syndrome (ss).
anti-sjogren's syndrome a antigen antibodies were elevated, and there was reduced salivary flow on scintigraphy.
the index patient highlights several rare manifestations of primary sjogren's syndrome (pss) as the presenting features and highlights the differential diagnosis of the clinical syndromes in which pss should be considered in the intensive care unit.
"\"both type i and ii interferons (ifns) have been implicated in the pathogenesis of sjogren's syndrome (ss).
a review of systems was positive for dry mouth and transient arthralgia, while laboratory and instrumental tests enabled us to make the diagnosis of primary sjogren's syndrome (pss).
"\"this study determined the effects of paeoniflorin (pf) on the expression of purinergic receptor p2x ligand-gated ion channel 7 (p2x7r) expressed on peripheral blood mononuclear cells (pbmcs) and production of atp-induced pro-inflammatory cytokines released by pbmcs in patients with primary sjogren's syndrome (pss).
she had an acquired gitelman syndrome due to primary sjogren's syndrome (ss).
the association of tam signaling with several autoimmune disease has been investigated, but it remains unclear in primary sjogren's syndrome.
soluble mer levels were positively correlated with igg levels (r=0.53, p<0.01), erythrocyte sedimentation rate levels (r=0.44, p<0.01) and sjogren's syndrome disease activity index (r=0.48, p<0.01).
"\"the expression and phosphorylation of signal transducer and activator of transcription-1 (stat-1) have been shown to be markedly increased in the salivary gland epithelial cells of patients with primary sjogren's syndrome (pss).
secondary vasculitis included mixed cryoglobulinemia with gougerot sjogren syndrome in 7 cases, primary goujer\u00f6t syndrome in 4, rheumatoid arthritis in 3, nodosa periarteritis with hepatitis b in 2, sharp syndrome in 1, and polymyositis in 1.
"\"hypertrophic cranial pachymeningitis (hcp) is an uncommon disorder that causes a localized or diffuse thickening of the dura mater and has been reported to be infrequently associated with systemic autoimmune disorders such as wegener's granulomatosis, rheumatoid arthritis, sarcoidosis, beh\u00e7et's disease, sjogren syndrome, and temporal arteritis.
"\"the aim of this study was to examine the levels of endoplasmic reticulum (er) stress in minor salivary glands, to investigate the interplay between er stress-induced autophagy and apoptosis in human salivary gland (hsg) cells and to test the effect of er stress-induced apoptosis on the cellular redistribution of the two major sjogren's syndrome (ss) autoantigens ro/sjogren's syndrome-related antigen a (ssa) and la/sjogren's syndrome-related antigen b (ssb).
"\"a 33-year-old woman with past history of sjogren's syndrome and systemic lupus erythematosus presented with dyspnea and syncope secondary to pulmonary hypertension.
since no data concerning telocytes in minor salivary glands (msgs) are currently available, aim of the study was to evaluate telocyte distribution in msgs with normal architecture, non-specific chronic sialadenitis (nscs) and primary sjogren's syndrome (pss)-focal lymphocytic sialadenitis.
"\"we describe a 62-year-old woman with sjogren's syndrome (ss) presenting with tubulointerstitial nephritis (tin) and lymphadenopathy mimicking igg4-related disease (igg4-rd).
positive anti-ss-a/ro antibody and the labial salivary gland's biopsy suggested existence of primary sjogren's syndrome (pss).
other concurrent autoimmune diseases comprised vitiligo (5 patients), rheumatoid arthritis (5 patients), sjogren syndrome (4 patients), ulcerative colitis (4 patients), conjunctivitis (4 patients), celiac disease (3 patients), systemic lupus erythematodes (2 patients), type i diabetes (2 patients), multiple sclerosis (2 patients), polymyalgia rheumatica (2 patients), and urticaria (2 patients).
inflammation of the lacrimal gland, such as occurs in sjogren syndrome, sarcoidosis, chronic graft-versus-host disease, and other pathological conditions, results in inadequate secretion of the aqueous layer of the tear film and is a leading cause of dry eye disease.
we report a severe case of genital molluscum contagiosum in a patient with sjogren syndrome.
dry eye diagnoses were: 48 asymptomatic controls (c), 155 non-ss kcs, and 57 sjogren syndrome (ss).
"\"a 65-year-old woman with a limited form of systematic sclerosis (ssc) and sjogren's syndrome (ss) was admitted to our hospital for the evaluation of renal dysfunction.
at each visit, physicians completed essdai, ss disease activity index (ssdai), sjogren's systemic clinical activity index (scai) and physician global assessment (phga); and patients completed esspri, sicca symptoms inventory (ssi), profile of fatigue and discomfort (profad) and patient global assessment (pga).
in this paper we present the case of 71-year old woman in whom diagnosis of possible causes of the development of annular erythema, led the team to identify primary sjogren's syndrome (ss).
primary sjogren's syndrome was diagnosed based on diagnostic criteria for primary ss and the exclusion of other autoimmune diseases.
due to the few reports of coexistence of annular erythema with primary sjogren syndrome among caucasians this case deserves special attention and calls for the implementation of diagnostic tests in each case, clinical suspicion of annular erythema in order to determine possible causes for its development.\""
"\"according to the classification criteria of the american-european consensus group (aecg), the prevalence of primary sjogren's syndrome (pss) of about 0.2% in the adult population and a yearly incidence of 4/100.000 in the general population are far lower than previously assumed.
in germany, approximately one tenth of sjogren syndrome patients receive specialized rheumatological care.
these patients, as well as all those who, according to the aecg criteria, are not classified as having pss either due to anti-ro/la negativity or having secondary sjogren's syndrome, probably add up to at least 0.4% of the adult population which, at present, suffers from considerable immunopathologic sicca symptoms.\""
sjogren's syndrome (ss) is an autoimmune disease with a strong female predilection characterized by lymphocytic infiltration of exocrine glands.
however, they have also been detected in 5-10% of primary sjogren's syndrome (pss).
"\"this retrospective study was performed to analyze the long-term outcome of topical corticosteroid treatment for severe dry eye associated with sjogren's syndrome (ss).
"'a 70-year old man with a 14 year history of sjogren syndrome, interstitial pneumonia, and autoimmune hepatitis (aih) was admitted to our hospital due to hyponatremia with a one month history of fatigue, thirst, and nausea.
"\"joint and muscle pain are commonly observed in patients with primary sjogren's syndrome (pss).
"\"primary sjogren's syndrome (pss) is associated with hla-drb1 loci, but the association of amino acid variations in the hypervariable region of the hla-dr \u03b21 chain with pss is largely unknown.
"\"sjogren's syndrome is a systemic inflammatory-rheumatic disorder of hitherto unknown origin and, hence, adequate therapy options are not available in most cases.
treatment of sicca symptoms in sjogren's patients is primarily symptomatic.
b-cell-depletion using rituximab has been tested in initial clinical trials for the treatment of sjogren patients, both with and without associated b-cell non-hodgkin-lymphoma; however, further studies as well as reliable outcome criteria are needed.
a molecular diagnosis could be established for 57 patients; 36 were affected with frda, seven with ataxia plus oculomotor apraxia type 2 (aoa2), four with at, three with ataxia plus oculomotor apraxia type 1 (aoa1), three with marinesco-sjogren syndrome, two with autosomal recessive spastic ataxia of charlevoix-saguenay (arsacs), one with ataxia with vitamin e deficiency (aved) and one with autosomal recessive cerebellar ataxia type 2 (arca2).
to assess the efficacy and safety of abatacept for secondary sjogren's syndrome (ss) associated with rheumatoid arthritis (ra).
"\"neurological manifestations of primary sjogren's syndrome are multiple and appear frequently.
depending on data analysis, patient recruitment, and diagnosis criteria used to defined primary sjogren's syndrome or neurological manifestations, the estimated prevalence is between 0 and 70%.
neuronopathy seems to be the most specific neurological complication of primary sjogren's syndrome.
central manifestations of primary sjogren's syndrome are not uncommon, but the neurological complication's spectrum is not well defined.
to conclude, although central and peripheral complications of primary sjogren's syndrome are difficult to assess, partly because of the wide spectrum of possible manifestations, it is around 20%.
"\"we report a case of thymic mucosa-associated lymphoid tissue (malt) lymphoma (tml) that presented as an asymptomatic mediastinal mass in a 40-year-old woman with a past history of sjogren syndrome.
this case had the characteristic clinical and pathological features of tml, as found in most of the 24 previously reported cases, i.e., autoimmune context, especially sjogren syndrome, iga secretion, large epithelial cysts, lymphoepithelial lesions involving residual hassal's corpuscles, epithelial cysts, and a marked plasmacytic differentiation with iga expression.
the core network reacts to the resulting prl-baff-il-4 network, creating a profile reminiscent of sjogren's disease.
faldh deficiency in humans is known to be the cause of sjogren-larsson syndrome, in which individuals display neurological symptoms and cutaneous abnormality.
idiopathic atm is diagnosed according to established criteria which mainly assure a clinical picture of bilateral symptoms and signs attributable to spinal cord disease, existence of focal cord inflammation by magnetic resonance imaging and cerebrospinal fluid studies, and exclusion of many diseases, especially cord compression and \"disease-associated atm\", as sjogren disease.
systemic autoimmune diseases affect various organs and systems and they can determine sexual dysfunction in patients, particularly with: rheumatoid arthritis, spondyloarthropathies, systemic lupus erythematosus, systemic sclerosis, sjogren syndrome, vasculitis and idiopathic inflammatory myopathies.
this was especially noted in scleroderma patients, as were major peri-implant soft tissue alterations (bleeding index) in patients suffering from sjogren syndrome.
sera were drawn from 20 sera of patients with sle and anti-u1-rnp antibodies and 26 sera of primary sjogren syndrome patients with anti-la/ssb antibodies.
"\"the eular sjogren's syndrome (ss) disease activity index (essdai) is a systemic disease activity index that was designed to measure disease activity in patients with primary ss.
"\"up-regulated expression of ro52/tripartite motif-containing protein 21 (trim21), ro60/trove domain family, member 2 (trove2) and lupus la protein/sjogren's syndrome antigen b (la/ssb) autoantigens has been described in the salivary gland epithelial cells (sgec) of patients with sjogren's syndrome (ss).
nod\u00b7h2h4 mice are a non-diabetic strain of nod mice which develop a sjogren's syndrome-like disease which includes the formation of ectopic follicles in the salivary gland and characteristic sjogren's autoantibodies.
there is more clarity about the central nervous system syndromes attributable to systemic lupus erythematosus and new insights into the central mechanisms involved in the manifestations of sjogren syndrome and rheumatoid arthritis.
novel immunomodulatory agents, such as infliximab, have shown some benefit in rheumatoid vasculitis and sjogren syndrome.
it was obviously higher than polymyositis/dermatomyositis (6.2%), systemic lupus erythematosus (4.4%), sjogren syndrome (3.8%), rheumatoid arthritis (0.8%) and anti-phospholipid syndrome (0.5%), etc.
the most common comorbidity were sjogren syndrome (9.14%), rheumatoid arthritis (3.95%) and diabetes type ii (2.54%).
in adults, connective tissue disorders include rheumatoid arthritis, progressive systemic sclerosis, sjogren syndrome, systemic lupus erythematosus, dermatomyositis and polymyositis, ankylosing spondylitis, and mixed connective tissue disease.
sjogren syndrome is characterized by bronchiectasis and lymphoid interstitial pneumonia, often associated with thin-walled cysts.
"'a possible association between helicobacter pylori infection and eye diseases, including sjogren syndrome, blepharitis, central serous chorioretinopathy and uveitis, has been proposed.
the pro7 allele was proposed to protect against depression in a small swedish clinical sample (heilig m., zachrisson o., thorsell a., ehnvall a., mottagui-tabar s., sjogren m., asberg m., ekman r., wahlestedt c., agren h., 2004.
xerostomia is often observed in patients with sjogren's syndrome, and this is attributed to reduced aqp5 expression in the salivary glands.
anti-m3r autoantibodies desensitize m3r to salivary secretagogues in sjogren's syndrome, while activated nf-\u03bab translocates to nuclei and binds to the aqp5 gene promoter, resulting in the suppression of aqp5 expression.
we previously documented that epigallocatechin gallate (egcg), which is a robust antioxidant contained in green tea, ameliorates oxidative stress-induced tissue damage to the salivary glands of mrl/mpj-lpr/lpr (mrl-fas(lpr)) mice, which are widely used as a model of sjogren's syndrome.
our study indicates that egcg may have therapeutic potential for sjogren's syndrome patients.
they spontaneously develop thyroiditis and sjogren's syndrome, but they do not develop diabetes.
although autoimmune thyroid diseases and sjogren's syndrome are highly prevalent autoimmune diseases in humans, there has been relatively little emphasis on the use of animal models of these diseases for understanding basic mechanisms involved in development and therapy of chronic organ-specific autoimmune diseases.
thyroiditis and sjogren's syndrome in nod.h-2h4 mice are chronic autoimmune diseases that develop relatively early in life and persist for the life of the animal.
"\"despite recent advances in the understanding of sjogren's syndrome (sjs), the pathogenic mechanisms remain elusive and an ideal model for early drug discovery is not yet available.
herein, primary sjogren\\'s syndrome (ss) patients were investigated for the first time for the capacity of their sera to degrade secondary necrotic cell remnants (snec) and dna (endonuclease dnase1 activity), as well as for uptake of snec by blood-borne phagocytes.
when clinicians choose examination items for diagnosing sjogren's syndrome, they should first select which criteria to use.
"\"sjogren's syndrome (ss) is a chronic, inflammatory autoimmune disease characterized by lacrimal gland lymphocytic infiltration and epithelial cell death, as well as by the presence of serum autoantibodies.
"\"sjogren's syndrome (ss) has been associated with the expression of anti-ro and anti-la antibodies.
future studies are needed to determine the roles and timing of expression of anti-sp1 antibodies in sjogren's syndrome.
"\"primary sjogren's syndrome (pss) is an autoimmune disorder affecting exocrine glands and characterized in most cases by a rather mild clinical picture.
in this paper we illustrate the progress made in our understanding of autoimmunity and the translational implications for human disease management by focusing on three areas: the autoantibody response in rheumatoid arthritis (ra), t-b cell interactions in sjogren's syndrome (ss), and cytokine targeting in spondylarthritis (spa).
"\"the purpose of this study was to investigate the value of real-time sonoelastography (rts) of salivary glands for the diagnosis and assessment of glandular damage in primary sjogren's syndrome (pss).
in summary, rts might be a useful adjunct to b-mode ultrasonography for diagnosis and assessment of salivary gland impairment in primary sjogren's syndrome.\""
mc was related to primary sjogren syndrome (pss) in 9 patients, and to non-hodgkin lymphoma in 1 patient, while mc was classified as essential in the remaining 10 cases.
sjogren-larsson syndrome, pyridoxine-dependent seizures, and type ii hyperprolinemia) and may contribute to the etiology of complex diseases such as cancer and alzheimer's disease.
lastly, single or few case reports have documented associations between helicobacter pylori infection and rosacea, aphthous stomatitis, atopic dermatitis, alopecia areata, schoenlein-henoch purpura and sjogren syndrome, but these are only descriptive in nature.
the proinflammatory cytokine il-17 is over-expressed in sjogren's syndrome (ss) and is a key factor in its pathogenesis.
"\"the autoimmune exocrinopathy sjogren's syndrome (ss) is characterized by mononuclear cell (mnc) infiltrates of exocrine glands and overactivity of b lymphocytes.
for comparison, we examined erdheim-chester disease (n=3), pulmonary sjogren syndrome (n=19), inflammatory myofibroblastic tumor (n=10), various inflammatory and interstitial lung disease (n=61), and nodal or extranodal rosai-dorfman disease (rd) in adults (n=8).
"\"airway and cystic lung diseases can be observed in patients with sjogren's syndrome.
this case is the first description of severe central excessive dynamic airway collapse in a patient with primary sjogren's syndrome complicated by diffuse airway and cystic lung disease.
the breakdown of 20 patients was rheumatoid arthritis (ra) in 5 cases, systemic lupus erythematosus (sle) in 5, dermatomyositis (dm) in 2, systemic scleroderma (ssc) in 1, mixed connective tissue disease (mctd) in 1, sjogren syndrome (sjs) in 1, polyarteritis nodosa (pn) in 3, rapidly progressive glomerulonephritis (rpgn) in 1, sch\u00f6nlein-henoch purpura in 1.
the patient had suspected sjogren syndrome, but no other contributory medical history such as infection, subarachnoid hemorrhage, trauma, malignancies affecting the central nervous system, or habitual drug use.
patient 3 was more complicated, suffering from pbc, evans syndrome, sjogren syndrome and klinefelter syndrome simultaneously.
primary sjogren's syndrome is an autoimmune disease characterized by lymphocytic infiltration of exocrine glands, mainly the lachrymal and salivary glands, in the absence of other definitively diagnosed rheumatologic disease.
we report a diagnosed case of primary sjogren's syndrome associated with pbc.
optimal management of pbc associated with sjogren's syndrome requires a multidisciplinary approach as the key to optimal patient care.
salivary glands, not normally containing lymphoid tissue are the site of lymphoepithelial sialadenitis associated to sjogren syndrome.
"\"sjogren's syndrome (ss) is a chronic autoimmune disease characterized by salivary and lacrimal gland dysfunction.
and sjogren, h.o.
the autosomal recessive ataxias are separated into friedreich ataxia, ataxia due to vitamin e deficiency, ataxia due to abeta-lipoproteinemia, refsum disease, late-onset tay-sachs disease, cerebrotendineous xanthomatosis, spinocerebellar ataxia with axonal neuropathy, ataxia telangiectasia, ataxia telangiectasia-like disorder, ataxia with oculomotor apraxia 1 and 2, spastic ataxia of charlevoix-saguenay, cayman ataxia, marinesco-sjogren syndrome, and autosomal recessive mitochondrial ataxias (ar-cpeo, sando, scae, ahs, iosca, memsa, lbsl coq-deficiency, pdc-deficiency).
we report a case of pcna in a 52-year-old woman with systemic lupus erythematosus (sle) and sjogren syndrome (ss).
development of malt lymphoma in the head and neck is often associated with autoimmune diseases such as sjogren syndrome or hashimoto thyroiditis.
"\"we describe herein a case of hypokalemia due to proximal renal tubular acidosis (rta) and fanconi's syndrome (fs) and nephrogenic diabetes insipidus with dic - a rare complication of sjogren's syndrome (ss) and brucellosis.
treatment of severe dry eye associated with sjogren's syndrome (ss) is even more challenging and is designed to improve the quality and quantity of tear fluid.
sjogren\\'s syndrome (sjs) is a systemic chronic autoimmune inflammatory disease characterized by the presence of an inflammatory involvement of exocrine glands accompanied by systemic manifestations.
"\"lymphocytic infiltration of different exocrine and non-exocrine epithelia is the pathological hallmark of primary sjogren's syndrome, whereas involvement of salivary and lachrymal glands with the clinical counterpart of dry eye and dry mouth are the predominant features of the disease, together with fatigue and musculoskeletal pain.
after that, an international project supported by eular, emerged to develop consensus disease activity indexes: the eular sjogren's syndrome patients reported index (esspri), and the eular sjogren's syndrome disease activity index (essdai), a systemic activity index to assess systemic manifestations.
"\"primary sjogren's syndrome (pss) is complicated by b-cell lymphoma in 5-10% of patients.
in particular, whole blood mxa levels correlated with eular sjogren's syndrome disease activity index scores and numerous clinical pss parameters.
"'one 53-year-old male was referred with a history of sensitive peripheral neuropathy and raynaud disease leading to suspect a sjogren syndrome (ss).
the detection of hcv-rna in the salivary glands of a sjogren like syndrome-patient suggests that a direct infection of the salivary glands by hcv could play an important role in the pathogenesis of hcv related sialadenitis.'"
c1 inhibitor deficiency was detected fortuitous (n = 1) or during investigation of arthralgia (n = 2), or gougerot-sjogren syndrome (n = 1).
the deficit was acquired in all cases type i. auto-immune disorders were associated with: gougerot-sjogren syndrome (n = 1), cryoglobulinemia (n = 2), igm lambda monoclonal gammopathy (n = 1), coombs positive test (n = 2), igg anti-cardiolipine antibodies (n = 1).
"\"sjogren's syndrome (ss) is characterized by salivary gland leukocytic infiltrates and impaired salivation (xerostomia).
the protein is a common target of circulating autoantibodies in rheumatic autoimmune diseases, particularly sjogren's syndrome (ss).
in this study we aimed to investigate the expression of the ss target autoantigen ro52 in salivary glands of patients with primary sjogren's syndrome (pss).
"\"in different bioassays, functional antibodies reacting with the human muscarinic acetylcholine receptor m3(machr3) have been detected in sera from patients with sjogren's syndrome (ss), and there is strong evidence that those antibodies may have pathogenetic relevance.
sera from patients with primary sjogren's syndrome (pss; n\\u2009=\\u200940), systemic sclerosis (ssc; n\\u2009=\\u200947), myasthenia gravis (mg; n\\u2009=\\u2009133) and 50 blood donors were analysed.
the purpose of this study was to investigate the enzyme activity of g6pd in rheumatoid arthritis (ra) and sjogren's syndrome (ss) patients not known to be deficient in this enzyme.
"\"this study was undertaken to test the hypothesis that sjogren's syndrome antigen a (ssa)/ro60-reactive t cells are activated by peptides originating from oral and gut bacteria.
thus, immune responses to commensal microbiota and opportunistic pathogens should be explored as potential triggers for initiating autoimmunity in sle and sjogren's syndrome.\""
"\"sjogren's syndrome (ss) is an autoimmune disease characterized primarily by lymphocytic infiltration of the exocrine glands, and autoantibody production.
"\"primary sjogren's syndrome (pss) is one of the most frequent autoimmune systemic diseases, mainly characterized by ocular and oral dryness due to the progressive destruction of lachrymal and salivary glands by an inflammatory process.
using various techniques (rt-pcr, indirect immunofluorescence, flow cytometry analysis), we observed the expression of br3 and the production of baff by the human salivary gland cell line, by epithelial cells from biopsies of sjogren's syndrome patients and their controls, but also by salivary gland epithelial cells in culture.
"\"my long scientific journey studying as a disease model sjogren's syndrome (ss) gave me the opportunity to uncover the mysteries of systemic autoimmune diseases.
we recently demonstrated that this t-cell subset is expanded in the peripheral blood (pb) of patients with primary sjogren's syndrome (pss), produces il-17 and accumulates in minor salivary glands (msgs).
to decipher the cellular and molecular interactions occurring in salivary glands of patients suffering from primary sjogren's syndrome (pss), we investigated whether salivary gland epithelial cells (sgecs) were capable to induce tfh differentiation.
this study, which demonstrates a direct induction of tfh differentiation by sgecs, emphasizes a yet unknown pathogenic role of sgecs and suggests that tfh and il-21 might be relevant biomarkers and/or therapeutic targets in primary sjogren's syndrome.
"\"cd4+ t cells constitute the majority of infiltrating cells in salivary glands and lachrymal glands of patients with sjogren's syndrome (ss).
in contrast, mikulicz's disease (md) has been considered a subtype of sjogren's syndrome (ss) based on histopathological similarities.
"'the aim of this study is to compare the periodontal status of patients with gougerot-sjogren syndrome (gss) to healthy subjects in order to investigate the relation between periodontal disease and gss.
underlying cvds included rheumatoid arthritis (ra) (n=5; overall incidence, 20.0%) and primary sjogren syndrome (n=1; overall incidence, 5.9%).
the frequency of dfs pattern was higher in seborrheic dermatitis (14.3%), herpes zoster (11.1%), rheumatoid arthritis (16.9%), systemic lupus erythematosus (15.4%) and sjogren syndrome (14.3%).
nineteen percent of patients had other rheumatologic disorders commonly associated with dry eye: sjogren syndrome (n = 3), and rheumatoid arthritis (n = 1).
furthermore, the inherited diseases marinesco-sjogren syndrome, autosomal dominant polycystic liver disease, wolcott-rallison syndrome, and several cancer types can be considered bip-related diseases.
in the remaining (all histologically confirmed) cases, it was associated with systemic sclerosis (n = 18), rheumatoid arthritis (n = 4), mixed connective tissue disease (n = 4), sjogren syndrome (n = 4), polymyositis (n = 2) or primary biliary cirrhosis (n = 1).
esophageal dysmotility is well known in scleroderma, and sjogren's syndrome.
"\"sjogren's syndrome (ss) is a complex, chronic, systemic, autoimmune disease that mainly affects the exocrine glands, especially the salivary and lacrimal glands, leading to dryness of the oral and ocular mucosae.
three patients are affected by psoriasic arthritis, 1 by rheumatoid arthritis, 1 by sjogren syndrome, and 1 by myasthenia gravis.
there are several uncontrolled trials and case reports about the efficacy of ivig on the connective tissue diseases, such as systemic lupus erythematosus, systemic sclerosis, sjogren syndrome, antiphospholipid antibody syndrome and still's disease.
recent reports have shown that serum and/or tissue expressions of cxcl10 are increased in various autoimmune diseases like rheumatoid arthritis (ra), systemic lupus rythematosus (sle), sjogren syndrome (ss), systemic sclerosis (ssc), and idiopathic inflammatory myopathy (iim).
"\"although the cause and molecular pathways of sjogren's syndrome are still unknown, basic, clinical, and translational science have started to identify linkages to other known processes.
the modern technology of sialoendoscopy to treat obstructive sialoadenitis from mucous plugging, and the addition of rituximab to current chemotherapy, have allowed patients with sjogren's syndrome to have a better quality of life and, if they develop lymphomatous changes, a significant increase in their disease remission and survival rate.
"\"numerous oral manifestations associated with salivary gland dysfunction, and particularly sjogren's syndrome, have been reported in the literature.
this article discusses the evidence on a wide range of oral manifestations associated with sjogren's syndrome.
"\"salivary gland biopsy is a technique broadly applied for the diagnosis of sjogren's syndrome (ss), lymphoma accompanying ss, sarcoidosis, amyloidosis, and other connective tissue disorders.
"\"primary sjogren's syndrome (pss) is an autoimmune chronic inflammatory disorder affecting 0.2% to 3.0% of the population, with a 9:1 female to male ratio.
while the linear incision approach permitted retrieval of at least five glands, punch biopsies did not provide enough material for the diagnosis of sjogren's syndrome.
these results may also promote the undertaking of clinical trials on patients in whom sjogren's syndrome is suspected, comparing the morbidity associated with the linear incisional technique vs. minimally invasive biopsies.\""
patients were classified as having primary sjogren's syndrome (pss) (n = 9), secondary sjogren's syndrome (sss) (n = 12) or non-sjogren's syndrome (non-ss) (n = 36).
"\"sjogren's syndrome (ss) is a chronic, systemic autoimmune disease that affects typically the exocrine glands causing mucosal dryness.
the recent american college of rheumatology/sjogren's international collaborative clinical alliance (acr/sicca) criteria that are based exclusively on objective tests, the stringency of the aecg criteria and the potential therapeutic use of biologic agents in ss clearly set the need for new classification criteria.
"\"primary sjogren's syndrome can have multiple extra-glandular manifestations ranging from mild to severe.
preferred treatment options used for extra-glandular manifestations of sjogren's syndrome are usually extrapolated from the physician's experience in treating similar manifestations in other autoimmune conditions such as rheumatoid arthritis and systemic lupus erythematous.
the lack of immunomodulating disease modifying drugs in sjogren's syndrome can be frustrating for patients dealing with extra-glandular manifestations, however recent advances in the field has made the future look promising for new therapeutic options.
"\"this article provides an overview of the published literature in english in the past 63 years involving the management of xerostomia and other oral complications of sjogren's syndrome.
"\"in this article, salivary gland dysfunction and xerostomia in sjogren's syndrome (ss) are discussed, with a focus on the pathophysiology of salivary dysfunction in ss, the clinical presentation of dry mouth in ss, how to assess salivary gland hypofunction and xerostomia in ss, and the impact of salivary gland dysfunction on quality of life in patients with ss.
in this article, the similarities and differences between the american-european consensus group criteria (aecg) and the newly proposed american college of rheumatology (acr) classification criteria for sjogren's syndrome and the clinical implications of switching to the acr classification criteria from the aecg are described.
"'dry cough in sjogren syndrome (ss) is not an uncommon symptom observed in clinical fields.
in the present study, the effectiveness of cevimeline hydrochloride on dry cough was studied in 9 sjogren patients and evaluated using the visual analog scale (vas) and face scale.
minor autoimmune complications include myasthenia gravis, sjogren syndrome and autoimmune nephritis.
the diseases included in the questionnaire were: (1) rheumatoid arthritis, (2) sjogren syndrome, 3) gout, 4) osteoarthritis and 5) systemic lupus erythematosus and questions regarding to these were made using the technique of \"representative patients\".
in addition, she developed elevated titers of several markers of systemic autoimmune disease, including antinuclear, anti-sjogren syndrome a, and anti-smith antibodies.
this finding of mr imaging is rare and has been considered pathognomonic for infantile neuroaxonal dystrophy and marinesco-sjogren syndrome which are in the entity of metabolic disease.
"\"sjogren's syndrome (ss) is an autoimmune disorder characterized by chronic inflammation and destruction of salivary and lacrimal glands, leading to dry mouth, dry eyes, and the presence of anti-nuclear antibodies.
laboratory investigations, parotid ecography, schirmer test revealed sjogren's syndrome without associated disease.
sjogren syndrome (ss) in childhood is a rare and possibly underdiagnosed condition.\""
"\"sjogren's syndrome (sjs) is a chronic autoimmune disease characterized initially by lymphocytic infiltration and destruction of exocrine glands, followed by systemic organ damage and b-cell lymphoma.
in sjogren syndrome, muc5ac expression is reduced, and in non-sjogren dry eye, glycosylation of muc16 appears to be altered.
two patients satisfied the criteria for sjogren syndrome, and two others had scintigraphy indicative of salivary gland involvement.
since then it became clear that different variants of the gene play also role in a number of other autoimmune diseases like psoriasis, rheumatoid arthritis, ankylosing spondylitis and multiple sclerosis while in others, like systemic sclerosis, systemic lupus erythematosus or sjogren syndrome the same effect could not be seen.
the technique has several potential advantages such as the ability of arthroscopic implantation, in vitro pre-differentiation of cells and implant stability among others (brittberg m, lindahl a, nilsson a, ohlsson c, isaksson o, peterson l, n engl j med 331(14):889-895, 1994; henderson i, francisco r, oakes b, cameron j, knee 12(3):209-216, 2005; peterson l, minas t, brittberg m, nilsson a, sjogren-jansson e, lindahl a, clin orthop (374):212-234, 2000; nagel-heyer s, goepfert c, feyerabend f, petersen jp, adamietz p, meenen nm, et al.
during the past decade, encouraging results have been generated in the molecular description of complex rheumatic diseases, such as rheumatoid arthritis, systemic lupus erythematosus, sjogren syndrome and systemic sclerosis.
the aim of this study was to determine the effects of ltbetar pathway blockade on sjogren syndrome (ss)-like salivary gland disease in non-obese diabetic (nod) mice.
we review the physiology of pain and the pathophysiological mechanisms of neuropathic corneal pain and speculate on the mechanisms of certain etiopathogenic triggers, such as lasik, severe dry eye disease, and sjogren syndrome.
we gave her a diagnosis of pulmonary arterial hypertension associated with sjogren syndrome on the basis of a positive serological test (ss-a.
studies and hypothesis exploring the role of lm and their polymorphic genes on autoimmune diseases (aids) such as systemic lupus erythematosus and sjogren's syndrome (ss) are also discussed.\""
without sjogren's syndrome, non-ss) were enrolled in this study, together with six control (ctl) subjects.
in the present study, particular systemic lupus erythematosus (sle) and primary sjogren syndrome (pss) patients, who were followed up with the initial diagnosis of possible ms with no evidence of collagen tissue disorders for several years, are described.
sad included sjogren syndrome (ss; 215 cases), wegener granulomatosis (261 cases), sarcoidosis (219 cases), systemic lupus erythematosus (sle; 172 cases), beh\u00e7et disease (173 cases), adult-onset still disease (118 cases), cryoglobulinemia (88 cases), and other diseases (80 cases).
and whilst one patient had features consistent with diagnoses of sjogren syndrome, polymyositis, hypothyroidism and severe scleroderma, the other patient had clinical manifestations and an autoantibody profile of systemic lupus erythematosus.
"\"autoimmune hepatitis (aih) has been reported in association with sjogren's syndrome (ss).
thus, it is likely that these human specific genes and non-coding regulatory elements may be involved in the development or the pathogenesis of various disorders that do not occur in non-human primates including certain autoimmune diseases such as systemic sclerosis and primary sjogren's syndrome.
here, we discuss recent evidence supporting the notion that human specific genes or human specific microrna and other non-coding rna regulatory elements unique to the human genome may participate in the development or in the pathogenesis of systemic sclerosis and primary sjogren's syndrome.
"\"sjogren's syndrome is associated with central and peripheral nervous system involvement.
recently, the possible involvement of human reg in the regeneration of salivary ductal epithelial cells of patients with primary sjogren's syndrome (ss) was reported.
majority of yeast isolates was associated with the diagnosis of mucosal infection in the mouth cavity (89.0 %); smaller part represented diseases of teeth and adjacent anatomical sites (periodontium) and uncommon infections (angular cheilitis, salivary gland, sjogren syndrome).
many patients with systemic lupus erythematosus, sjogren syndrome and fibromyalgia syndrome show antibodies against urothelium and/or muscle cells and/or other connective tissue components of urinary bladder.
systemic lupus erythematosus and sjogren syndrome are the autoimmune diseases which bear strongest similarity with interstitial cystitis.
by excluding other possible causes of ph during further examinations, she was diagnosed with severe ph associated with primary sjogren's syndrome.
the remainder of the cases comprised miscellaneous causes of dry eye (n = 9, or 25%), which included one each of graft versus host disease, ectodermal dysplasia, ionising radiation damage, cicatrising conjunctivitis from topical medication, trachoma, congenital trigeminal nerve hypoplasia, linear iga disease, sjogren syndrome and nutritional deficiency.
"\"sjogren's syndrome (ss) is an autoimmune disease that results in pathological dryness of mouth and eye.
systemic diseases were diagnosed in 36% of female cases with dry eye syndrome, including 22.3% rheumatoid arthritis and 9.8% sjogren syndrome.
46.6% of male patients had systemic diseases: 32% rheumatoid arthritis, 7% sjogren syndrome.
the median european sjogren's syndrome disease activity index (essdai) was 11 (2-31).
"'there have been very few reported cases of multiple myeloma (mm) which had sjogren syndrome (ss) as the first presentation.
distal renal tubular acidosis type 1 (drta1) linked the metabolic abnormalities and occurred as an extraglandular feature of sjogren syndrome (ss).
"\"sjogren's syndrome is an autoimmune exocrinopathy which manifests itself with dryness of the eyes and the oral cavity.
two forms of this disease may be distinguished: primary sjogren's syndrome which affects salivary glands and secondary sjogren's syndrome with other autoimmune diseases present such as rheumatoid arthritis, systemic lupus erythematosus or systemic scleroderma.
therefore, a number of authors claim that us examination should be included in the classification criteria of sjogren's syndrome.
the aim of this article is to present the diagnostic capacity of the us examination in sjogren's syndrome using the current ultrasound classification systems based on the grey-scale, doppler and contrast-enhanced examinations.
the latest research confirms that the most valuable diagnostic criterion in sjogren's syndrome is the heterogeneity of the glandular parenchyma.
33 rheumatoid arthritis (ra), 8 psoriatic arthritis (pa), 8 ankylosing spondilitis (as), 23 systemic lupus erythematosus (sle), 10 sjogren syndrome (ss), and 14 systemic sclerosis (ssc).
in all but one with systemic sclerosis and sjogren syndrome, the underlying cause of dissection was unclear.
after patient history and oral mucosal examination, major gland sialometry, and complementary tests, patients were divided into 6 groups: drug-induced salivary gland hypofunction (sgh), sjogren syndrome (ss), radiation-induced sgh, idiopathic sgh, xerostomia without sgh, and control.
the first is mediated by an as yet unidentified, microsomal nad(+)-dependent alcohol dehydrogenase and fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase, which is encoded by the aldh3a2 gene and is deficient in patients with sjogren-larsson syndrome.
"\"sjogren syndrome (ss) is a chronic inflammatory autoimmune disease of unknown cause whose main characteristic is severe dryness of the eyes and the mouth.
three had a ctd (sle, scleroderma, and sjogren syndrome).
she was diagnosed as sjogren syndrome by ophthalmologic examination, lip biopsy, and elevation of an anti-ss-a antibody and an anti-ss-b antibody in the serum.
additional autoantibodies were detected in 57 of 75 patients (76%), and 16 of 38 (42%) had a coexisting autoimmune disorder recorded (systemic lupus erythematosus, sjogren syndrome, juvenile rheumatoid arthritis, graves disease).
numa positivity associated with a diagnosis of connective tissue disease (ctd) in 18 patients (45%), primary sjogren or sicca syndrome and undifferentiated connective tissue disease being the most represented.
subsequently, type 1 rta due to sjogren's syndrome was unveiled by sustained hypokalemia (3.3 to 3.4 meq/l), persistent alkaline urine ph (> 6.0) despite metabolic acidosis, and medullary nephrocalcinosis.
"'sjogren syndrome (ss) is a common autoimmune disease that exhibits broad organ-specific and systemic manifestations, the most prevalent being decreased lacrimal and salivary gland function, xerostomia, and keratoconjunctivitis sicca.
its mechanism seems different than that of the gougerot-sjogren syndrome.
one patient had sjogren syndrome.
k1a, was similar to that displayed by fibroblasts from patients with sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls), an inheritable neurocutaneous disorder.
we propose a possible role for fatty aldehydes, or other aldehydic species, in mediating some of the symptoms associated with sjogren-larsson syndrome.\""
in one patient with sjogren syndrome and two patients with dermatomyositis, no disease-marker antibodies were found; however, one patient with dermatomyositis had a concomitant anti-cytoplasmic antibody.
"'byakkokaninjinto (bn) is a kampo preparation used for the treatment of xerostomia induced by drug, ageing, sjogren syndrome, etc.
there were 2, 1 and 1 itp patients progressing respectively to sjogren' s syndrome, systemic lupus erythematosus and lymphoma.
sjogren syndrome was associated with a 6.5-fold increased risk of nhl, a 1000-fold increased risk of parotid gland marginal zone lymphoma (or = 996; 95% ci, 216-4596), and with diffuse large b-cell and follicular lymphomas.
celiac disease, hashimoto thyroiditis, and sjogren syndrome were symptomatic and laboratory confirmed diagnosis; anti-glutamic acid decarboxylase antibody was positive but asymptomatic for type-1 diabetes.
laboratory findings included abnormal glucose metabolism in six patients, sjogren syndrome in three and monoclonal gammopathy, sprue and hepatitis c infection in one each, with the remainder idiopathic.
it has taken to numerous physicians and investigators to try to apply these therapies in other diseases (lupus, sjogren, vasculitis, etc).
the specificity of anti-mcv was evaluated by investigating 50 healthy controls and 158 patients with other rheumatic diseases (51 psoriatic rheumatism, 58 primary sjogren syndrome, and 49 ankylosis spondylitis).
"\"the aim of this study was to analyze resting whole saliva (rws) and stimulated whole saliva (sws) flow rates before and after administration of pilocarpine in secondary sjogren's syndrome patients.
it is concluded that a subgroup of sjogren patients do not respond to pilocarpine stimulation.
"'hepatitis c virus (hcv) infection can induce immunological disorders with different clinical expressions such as arthritis, sjogren syndrome and various forms of vasculitis.
the japan pancreas society proposed diagnostic criteria for autoimmune pancreatitis as the presence antibodies, pancreas enlargement and pancreatic duct narrowing, lymphoplasmatic infiltration, response to corticosteroid therapy, and association with other autoimmune diseases such as autoimmune hepatitis, sclerosing cholangitis, primary biliary cirrhosis, sialoadenitis, inflammatory bowel disease and sjogren syndrome.
none of the tested sera showed the presence of autoantibodies against antigen scl-70 (scleroderma marker), and ss-a (sjogren syndrome marker), which can also give the atypical nucleolar ana-pattern.
eight of the 12 malt lymphoma patients had recurrent episodes of salivary gland swelling and 5 had myoepithelial sialadenitis, sjogren syndrome, or gastric malt lymphoma; these were not observed in the 8 other nhl patients.
we report here a case of a rare cause of renal insufficiency, a gougerot-sjogren primary syndrome, diagnosed in an old patient.
sera from 15 age-matched patients with systemic lupus erythematosus (sle) and 10 with sjogren syndrome were studied as controls.
"\"primary sjogren's syndrome (pss) is a chronic autoimmune disease characterized by a progressive lymphocytic infiltration of the exocrine glands with varying degrees of systemic involvement.
a 5-bp insertion/deletion (cgggg indel) polymorphism in the promoter region of irf5 associated with primary sjogren's syndrome (pss) could be epigenetically deregulated in this condition.
ild of various presentations may occur in sjogren syndrome, possibly associated with thin-walled cysts; pulmonary lymphoma must be ruled out.
connective tissue disorders have a plethora of skin manifestations such as rheumatoid nodules in rheumatoid arthritis, psoriatic plaques in psoriatic arthritis, acne and pustulosis in sapho syndrome, livedo reticularis and ulceration in antiphospholipid antibody syndrome and xerosis in sjogren syndrome.
in patients with sjogren-like symptoms an up-regulation of m3, m4 and m5 receptors was apparent in the labial glands.
the syndrome occurs in patients with either systemic lupus erythematosus and other rheumatic diseases (systemic sclerosis, rheumatoid arthritis, primary sjogren syndrome) or alone.
ten patients had sicca syndrome of the eyes or mouth, 7 had probable sjogren's syndrome according to the san diego criteria, and one had definite sjogren's syndrome.
our results should be considered in relation to the sjogren-like syndromes occurring in aromatase knock-out mice as recently reported.
these antibodies are a common finding in systemic lupus erythematosus and sjogren disease patients.
the nps appeared with the same frequency both at the onset and during the course of the diseases under study; these predominated at the onset of vasculitis and primary sjogren syndrome.
he was diagnosed as having autoimmune pancreatitis, sjogren syndrome, and elevated serum igg4.
their history was remarkable for thymoma and other autoimmune manifestations such as thrombocytopenia, red cell aplasia, interface dermatitis, sjogren sialadenits, vanishing bile ducts and rheumatoid arthritis.
it is caused by anti-ssa and anti-ssb antibodies, which are products of maternal autoimmune disorders (sle, sjogren, rheumatoid arthritis) and can be passively transported across the placenta.
thus, these data represent a comprehensive analysis of the bip chaperone network that was recently linked to two human inherited diseases, polycystic liver disease and marinesco-sjogren syndrome.'"
eligible studies were identified by searching the electronic literature pubmed, medline, embase, and sciencedirect databases for relevant reports (last search update january 2012), combining the mesh heading term \"sjogren\\'s syndrome\", with the words \"salivary glands, xerostomia, xerophtalmia, aetiology\".
for this we selected 128 patients (106 females, 22 males, mean age 40 years) including 52 patients with sle without organ involvement, 14 with lupus nephritis, 8 with neuropsychiatric lupus (npsle), 39 with systemic sclerosis (ssc), 15 with sjogren syndrome (ss), and 51 healthy controls (38 females, 13 males, mean age 42 years).
although there is some overlap, typical hrct appearances are increasingly recognized for each of the major connective tissue diseases and are described in detail in this review (rheumatoid arthritis, systemic lupus erythematosus, systemic sclerosis, sjogren syndrome, polymyositis/dermatomyositis, mixed connective tissue disease).
the five rds most frequently associated with pleuropulmonary disease are (1) rheumatoid arthritis (ra), (2) systemic lupus erythematosus (sle), (3) progressive systemic sclerosis (pss), (4) polymyositis/dermatomyositis (pm/dm), and (5) sjogren syndrome (ss).
only characteristics of the classic rheumatic inflammatory diseases, ra, sle, sjogren syndrome, scleroderma, and dermatomyositis/polymyositis, will be covered.
the goal of ra treatment today is to induce a complete remission as early as possible in the disease process, with the mantra being \"elimination of synovitis equals elimination of joint destruction.\" the hope is that if the major mediators of sjogren syndrome or sle or scleroderma can be identified and then blocked, as in the example of tumor necrosis factor inhibitors in ra, more specific treatments will become available.
"'juvenile neuronal ceroid-lipofuscinosis (jncl, batten disease, spielmeyer-vogt-sjogren disease, cln3) is the most common inherited, autosomal recessive, neurodegenerative disorder in man.
eligible studies were identified by searching the electronic literature pubmed, medline, embase, and sciencedirect databases for relevant reports (last search update january 2012) combining the mesh heading term \"sjogren\\'s syndrome\", with the words \"diagnosis, diagnostic procedures, salivary gland function, ocular tests, histopathology, salivary gland imaging, serology\".
furthermore, cell treatment with anti-ro and anti-la autoantibodies from sjogren igg determined tnf-alpha production, clarifying which could be the inducer of the extrinsic pathway of apoptosis in salivary gland cells.'"
since connective and vascular tissue are principally damaged in these disorders, systemic autoimmune diseases are more commonly known as \"connective tissue diseases\" (ctd) and include: systemic lupus erythematosus, rheumatoid arthritis, systemic sclerosis, sjogren syndrome, and others.
we report a very rare case of generalized an with sjogren's syndrome- and systemic lupus erythematosus-like features but without type b insulin resistance.
mutations in these genes and subsequent inborn errors in aldehyde metabolism are the molecular basis of several diseases, including sjogren-larsson syndrome, type ii hyperprolinemia, gamma-hydroxybutyric aciduria, and pyridoxine-dependent seizures, most of which are characterized by neurological abnormalities.
it has been suggested relatively recently that infection with hp can be involved in various extra-digestive conditions: respiratory disorders (chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, bronchiectasis, lung cancer, pulmonary tuberculosis, bronchial asthma); vascular disorders (ischaemic heart disease, stroke, primary raynaud phenomena, primary headache); autoimmune disorders (sjogren syndrome, henoch-schonlein purpura, autoimmune thrombocytopenia, autoimmune thyroiditis, parkinson's disease, idiopathic chronic urticaria, rosacea, alopecia areata); other disorders (iron deficiency anaemia, growth retardations, liver cirrhosis).
"\"in a patient with sjogren syndrome, receiving prednisone and methotrexate, treatment with ceftriaxone was prescribed for presumed urinary tract infection.
the mother had gougerot-sjogren disease with positive anti-sjogren's syndrome a (ssa) and sjogren's syndrome b (ssb) serologies.
we describe here a case of recurrent chb in a previously asymptomatic mother with sjogren syndrome and discuss the current strategies for the prevention and treatment of chb in nl.'"
the mother was known to have sjogren syndrome.
sjogren syndrome symptoms are common in scleroderma.
in primary sjogren syndrome, anticentromere antibody positive patients have more raynaud phenomenon.
"\"sjogren's syndrome (ss) is an autoimmune disease that chronic inflammation and lymph node proliferation.
secondary sjogren syndrome was subsequently diagnosed.
in this issue of the jci, sjogren et al.
this model should be considered as a basis for further reflection on biological mechanisms that could be even more complex but individually constitute potential leads for targeting therapeutic strategies to allow patients to leave the loop even though the triggering factors are still present or can only be attenuated, such as in sjogren syndrome or ocular rosacea.
the nmo antibody, which predicts frequent relapse of myelopathy and optic neuritis, is also found in patients with lupus erythematosus and sjogren syndrome who also have severe optic neuritis and longitudinally extensive myelitis.
"'we evaluated the efficacy of topical 2% cyclosporine drops in the treatment of tear-deficient dry eye because of acquired primary lachrymal disease (apld; 15 patients) and sjogren syndrome (ss; 15 patients).
"\"primary sjogren's syndrome (pss) is a chronic autoimmune disease characterized by a progressive lymphocytic infiltration of the exocrine glands with varying degrees of systemic involvement.
other diseases including systemic sclerosis, systemic lupus erythematosus, myasthenia gravis, sjogren syndrome, and rheumatoid arthritis were seen in a few patients in both groups.
we have therefore in a case control study assessed the putative role of these \"candidate\" polymorphic genes in the inflammatory process in sjogren syndrome.
the data suggests that carrier status for the ccr5 delta 32 allele may contribute to protection from the development of primary sjogren's syndrome.
"'we describe the case a 63-year-old man with overlap of primary sjogren syndrome (pss) and antiphospholipid syndrome (aps).
seventeen months prior to this examination, she had been diagnosed with sjogren syndrome and sweet syndrome.
although if the minor salivary gland biopsy is in most cases not contributively, it is a very simple procedure which gives the diagnosis of gougerot-sjogren disease, amylosis and sarcoidosis.
topical steroids are useful when the ulceration is secondary to inflammatory mediators, but they are contraindicated in corneal melts with minimal inflammation, such as those associated with sjogren syndrome.
"'a rare case of a patient with sjogren syndrome and spontaneously acquired inhibitors of both factor viii and factor ix is reported.
this complication could be related to the patient (past hysterectomy, history of fibrosis surrounding a mammary implant, gougerot-sjogren disease) or to the surgeon with a technical defect during the tvt procedure.
underlying diseases were dermatomyositis, scleroderma, mixed connective tissue disease, sclerodermatomyositis, sjogren syndrome, rheumatoid arthritis, and anti-ro-associated systemic lupus erythematosus.
"\"we report on a case of necrotizing keratoscleritis in primary sjogren's syndrome.
positive anti-nuclear antibody was identified at a titer of 1:320 with a speckled pattern, and both sjogren's syndrome a and sjogren's syndrome b antibody tests were positive, with titers >200 u/ml.
we diagnosed the lesion as necrotizing keratoscleritis due to primary sjogren's syndrome.
twenty eyes of 10 normal subjects and 40 eyes of 20 patients with sjogren syndrome (ss) were also studied.
we show that while ibalt can be found in the lungs of patients suffering from multiple diseases, well-developed ibalt is most prevalent in patients with pulmonary complications of ra and sjogren syndrome.
during the follow-up 4 (8.7%) new diagnosis of sjogren and 1 (2.2%) of rheumatoid arthritis were made.
rituximab (375 mg/m(2) intravenously each week for 4 weeks) was administered in a prospective, open-label design to two patients with chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy (cidp), two with multifocal motor neuropathy (mmn), one with neuropathy and anti-myelin-associated glycoprotein (mag) antibody neuropathy, and one with sjogren syndrome (ss) ataxic neuropathy.
"\"anti-ro autoantibody is associated with sjogren's syndrome (ss), systemic lupus erythematosus (sle), and neonatal lupus syndrome (i.e., congenital complete heart block in newborns).
subjects included patients with chronic graft-versus-host disease (gvhd), rheumatoid arthritis (ra), sjogren's syndrome (ss), systemic lupus erythematosus (sle), and no systemic disease.
the mode coupling theory schematic model based on the sjogren [phys.
three of these patients with renal tubular acidosis had sjogren syndrome.
six patients had an lpd, and 4 of them had concomitant disorders (2 with hepatitis c and 2 with sjogren syndrome).
a mode coupling theory (mct) schematic model, the sjogren model, was able to reproduce the pmpim data very successfully over a wide range of times from 1 ps to hundreds of ns for all temperatures studied.
twenty-three of the patients had b-cell nhl (primarily of the lymphoplasmocytic and marginal zone types), and 8 patients had sjogren syndrome.
"'recent genetic work characterized homozygous mutations in the sil1 gene as cause for the neurodegeneration that is associated with marinesco-sjogren syndrome in man and the woozy mouse mutant.
"\"sjogren's syndrome (ss) is an autoimmune disorder in which lymphocytes infiltrate the exocrine glands, resulting in the development of sicca symptoms.
because of its roles in autoimmune diseases such as systemic lupus erythematosus (sle), rheumatoid arthritis (ra), and sjogren syndrome (ss), blys antagonists have been tested to treat sle- and ra-like symptoms in mice and obtained optimistic results.
this literature review confirms a high prevalence of sympathetic deficits and parasympathetic deficits in acute or subacute dysautonomia, diabetes, amyloidosis, pure autonomic failure, paraneoplastic syndromes, sjogren syndrome, familial dysautonomia, and dopamine beta-hydroxylase deficiency.
these results suggest that elevated levels of il-1beta, as they occur in sjogren syndrome exocrine glands, may impair the secretory function of these tissues.
the major differential diagnosis is marinesco-sjogren syndrome.
we describe 2 patients with rheumatoid arthritis and features of sjogren syndrome in whom panniculitis developed during the course of the disease.
"'we report the case of a 32-year-old man with a low-grade mucosa-associated lymphoid tissue (malt) lymphoma of the parotid gland associated with sjogren syndrome.
in this situation, association to autoimmune disease such as sjogren syndrome is more likely to explain the gastric location than infection with h. pylori.
"\"sjogren's syndrome is a chronic autoimmune process that primarily affects the exocrine glands and leads to their functional impairment.
"'juvenile neuronal ceroid-lipofuscinosis (jncl) or batten/spielmeyer-vogt-sjogren disease (omim #204200) is one of a group of nine clinically related inherited neurodegenerative disorders (cln1-9).
we aimed to study this association at the level of general adult population and to verify whether these antibodies are more common in persons with antibodies against enteroviruses as possible associates of sjogren syndrome.
none of the antibody-positive persons had sjogren's syndrome or other rheumatic disease.
"'the first purpose of this study was to quantify the sonographic images of the salivary gland to differentiate the sjogren syndrome (ss) group from the non-ss group.
"'sera from patients with primary sjogren syndrome (pss) or systemic lupus erythematosus (sle) often contain autoantibodies directed against la/ssb.
sjogren syndrome was present in 38%, hypothyroidism in 13%, scleroderma in 7% and rheumatoid arthritis in 5%.
the iga and igg antigliadin antibodies as well as antinuclear, anti-dna, anti-ssa and anti-ssb antibodies were detected, without any clinical symptom supporting the diagnosis of systemic lupus erythematosus or sjogren syndrome.
the us features of advanced sjogren syndrome include inhomogeneous salivary glands with scattered small, oval, hypoechoic or anechoic areas, usually well defined, and increased parenchymal blood flow.
the presence of the fever and anti-dns antibodies correlated with sle (p = 0.0104, fisher exact test), arthritis/arthralgia and anti-rnp antibodies with mctd (p = 0.0302), raynaud phenomenon and ana positivity with pss (p = 0.0144), xerostomia/xerophtalmia and anti-ssa/ssb antibodies with sjogren syndromes (p = 0.0144).
further oxidation of this substrate by the fatty alcohol:nicotinamide-adenine dinucleotide oxidoreductase (fao) enzyme complex, in which one component, aldh3a2, is known to be mutated in sjogren-larsson syndrome (characterized by ichthyosis and spastic paraplegia), would lead to 20-carboxy-(r)-trioxilin a3.
"\"minor salivary gland biopsies are commonly performed as part of the diagnosis of sjogren's syndrome or other systemic diseases.
the three major indications were: sicca syndrome (24%), suspicion of sjogren's syndrome (32%) or exclusion of other systemic diseases (44%).
the histology results of the lip and sublingual biopsies, respectively, were: normal tissue (29%, 24%), chronic inflammation (29%, 41%), compatible, but not characteristic for sjogren (8%, 7%), sjogren's syndrome (13%, 24%), salivary gland atrophy (13%, 0%) or non-contributive (8%, 0%).
our results suggest that cytokines expressed in the salivary glands of patients with sjogren syndrome play an important role in regulating apoptosis of acinar-ductal epithelial cells through distinct and synergistic mechanisms, thereby modulating salivary gland function in patients with sjogren syndrome.'"
these inherited diseases include isolated defects in the oxidation of fatty alcohol to fatty acid (sjogren-larsson syndrome) and deficient incorporation of fatty alcohol into ether lipids (isolated alkyl dihydroxyacetone phosphate synthase deficiency).
the proteome represents a rich source for the analysis of new functions of the outer membrane, including the yeast homologue (hfd1/ymr110c) of the human protein causing sjogren-larsson syndrome.
"\"sjogren's syndrome (ss) is a systemic autoimmune disease that affects the exocrine glands, mainly the salivary and lachrymal glands, with consequent persistent dryness of the mouth and eyes.
there have been only three reported cases of anti-rpa in systemic lupus erythematosus (sle) and sjogren syndrome (sjs).
to assess the effects of neridronate versus placebo on markers of bone resorption in rheumatic patients affected by giop (as defined by a t score reduction > 2.5; mean bmd l2-l4), sixty-two female patients [age: 68.89 +/- 9.45 (mean +/- sd)] affected by different rheumatic diseases, like rheumatoid arthritis, polymyalgia rheumatica, sjogren syndrome in treatment with a mean prednisone-equivalent daily dose of 6.44 +/- 2.4 mg/day, were enrolled in an open trial.
other important immune autonomic disorders discussed include lambert-eaton myasthenic syndrome, some forms of orthostatic intolerance, chronic autonomic neuropathy, and sjogren syndrome.
"'this paper focuses on skin manifestations that can be observed in autoimmune diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis (ra), sjogren syndrome (ss), dermatomyositis (dm) and beh\u00e7et syndrome (bs).
serologic test results for antinuclear antibodies, including sjogren antibodies anti-ro (ss-a) and anti-la (ss-b), were negative.
forty healthy subjects of both sexes and 51 patients with different pathologies (sjogren syndrome, thyroid dysfunction, diabetes mellitus) were included in the study.
"\"sjogren's syndrome (ss) is the second most common autoimmune disorder after rheumatoid arthritis (ra).
it can be found as a lone condition (primary sjogren's syndrome) or may accompany other autoimmune rheumatic diseases (secondary sjogren's syndrome).
despite such frequent occurrence, accurate diagnosis of sjogren syndrome is difficult.
she had no history of autoimmune disease such as hashimoto thyroiditis or sjogren disease.
"\"a 68-year-old woman with a medical history significant for sjogren syndrome and leukocytoclastic vasculitis of small vessels presented to the emergency department with chills, malaise, a temperature of 39 degrees c, nausea, vomiting, and hypotension.
this is the first report of a febrile reaction to ibuprofen in a patient with sjogren's syndrome.\""
these results demonstrate alterations from normal cytology as early as 1 month in nod mice, well before detection of clinical signs of sjogren syndrome.'"
"\"we report the case of a 43-year-old woman with primary sjogren's syndrome, according to americano-european criteria.
to the best of our knowledge, the association between primary sjogren' syndrome and pcc has never been reported.
"\"based on the revised criteria of the american-european consensus group, we retrospectively established the diagnosis of primary or secondary sjogren's syndrome for 202 patients referred to a sjogren's syndrome clinic.
of these, 58 patients and 8 patients fulfilled criteria for primary and secondary sjogren's syndrome, respectively.
of the 58 patients with primary sjogren's syndrome, one (1.7%) had definite autoimmune hepatitis, as defined by the international autoimmune hepatitis group diagnostic criteria.
one additional symptomatic patient who did not fulfill criteria for primary sjogren's syndrome had definite autoimmune hepatitis.
none of the patients with secondary sjogren's syndrome had definite autoimmune hepatitis.
two (1%) of the 194 patients with primary sjogren's syndrome or clinical symptoms had primary biliary cirrhosis.
these values are lower than those reported by prior studies with smaller patient populations and likely represent a more accurate estimate of the true prevalence of these diseases in patients with primary sjogren's syndrome.\""
"\"autoantibody levels to the ssa complex, composed of ro52 and ro60 proteins, are commonly measured in the diagnoses of sjogren's syndrome (sjs), as well as other rheumatological diseases.
"\"primary sjogren's syndrome presenting as quadriplegia and respiratory involvement due to renal tubular acidosis causing hypokalemia is rare and the significance of managing such case with potassium citrate instead of potassium chloride is highlighted.
the usual \"lymphoplasmacytic sclerotic\" type tends to be associated with sjogren, whereas the \"granulocytic\" subset, with inflammatory bowel disease.
in systemic lupus erythematosus the incidence difference between men and women diminishes while sjogren syndrome is more common in women at all ages.
"'mixed cryoglobulinemia, renal syndromes, lymphoproliferative disorders, sjogren syndrome, porphyria cutanea tarda, and neuropathies are all strongly associated with hepatitis c virus (hcv) infection.
in contrast, the proportion of tregs in other systemic autoimmune diseases such as primary sjogren syndrome and inflammatory myopathy does not significantly differ from controls' values (1.15 +/- 0.46%, n = 21, p = 0.09 and 1.16 +/- 0.44%, n = 16, p = 0.43, respectively).
in older animals, multiorgan lymphoid infiltrates with features of vasculitis and sjogren syndrome were detected in association with systemic b- and t-cell activation.
chronic autoimmune thyroidism (thyreoiditis lymphocytaria hashimoto, ht), as well as immunogenic hyperthyroidism (morbus graves basedow, mgb) are frequently associated with autoimmune diseases of other organs, such as: chronic insufficiency of salivary glands (sy sjogren), autoimmune hemolytic anemia, megalocytic pernicious anemia, thrombocytopenia, rheumatoid arthritis, diabetes mellitus (more often type 2, but also type 1), morbus addison, coeliakia, and other autoimmune diseases such as systemic diseases of connecting tissue (lupus erythematosus-sle, sclerodermia, vasculitis superficialis).
in both patients, the systemic signs and the results of the complementary tests led to the diagnosis of sjogren's syndrome.
two cases were complicated with sjogren syndrome (ss) and the other was complicated with both ss and anti-phospholipid syndrome (aps).
preoperative diagnoses were dry eye (n = 70) due to ocular pemphigoid (n = 39), sjogren syndrome (n = 11), trachoma (n = 8), lyell syndrome (n = 6), stevens-johnson syndrome (n = 4), and graft-vs-host disease (n = 1) and congenital lid coloboma (n = 1), severe corneal burns (n = 68), bullous keratopathy (n = 13), keratitis sequelae (n = 15), and bullous keratopathy secondary to antiglaucoma surgery (n = 15).
the systemic extrapancreatic lesions associated with aip found in the literature were sjogren syndrome, ulcerative colitis, retroperitoneal fibrosis, sialadenitis, thyroiditis, and idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura.
in this family, among 27 patients, 11 had the translocation: 3 had thymoma and 4 others had 5 different autoimmune diseases: type 1 diabetes mellitus, graves' disease, pernicious anemia, primitive sjogren disease, and autoimmune pancytopenia.
"\"antinuclear antibodies are commonly found in patients with sjogren's syndrome.
these observations add weight to a previously proposed model for the aetiology of sjogren's syndrome.
to test this hypothesis further, the present study on dna-modifying proteins in sjogren's syndrome was initiated.
gel-shift experiments using protein extracted from uv-treated sjogren cells provided evidence of high molecular weight dna-binding protein in six out of 12 sjogren patients studied (but not among seven healthy controls).
some sjogren sera displayed antibodies to protein extracts from cells treated with psoralen plus uva radiation.
these results indicate an abnormal dna damage-inducible response in sjogren's syndrome.
it may therefore be concluded that alterations in nuclear protein may play a role in the aetiology of sjogren's syndrome.\""
a genetic linkage study was performed with markers spanning the friedreich ataxia, spastic ataxia of the charlevoix-saguenay, autosomal recessive ataxia associated with isolated vitamin e deficiency, ataxia with oculomotor apraxia, infantile onset spinocerebellar ataxia, ataxia with hearing loss and optic atrophy, at, atld, spinocerebellar ataxia with axonal neuropathy, cayman ataxia, cerebellar ataxia with mental retardation optic atrophy and skin abnormalities, salla syndrome, marinesco-sjogren and the childhood spinocerebellar ataxia loci.
on the other hand, sjogren syndrome has an inflammatory appearance.
among them, lupus erythematosus, scleroderma, polymyositis and dermatomyositis, sjogren syndrome, wegener's granulomatosis, sarcoidosis, vogt-koyanagi-harada's syndrome, and amyloidosis are the diseases encountered most frequently that can manifest cutaneous abnormalities of the eyelids.
among these patients the following diseases were observed: cleft lip/palate (n = 8), down syndrome (n = 3), sjogren syndrome and scleroderma (n = 2), ectodermal dysplasia (n = 4), developmental retardation (n = 2), chronic leukemia (n = 2), lichen planus (n = 1), cerebral palsy (n = 1), deaf-muteness (n = 1), amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (n = 1).
here we present a 64-year-old woman with le and a 51-year-old woman with le and sjogren syndrome (ss) who had erythema multiforme-like eruptions and discuss the coexistence of lupus erythematosus and erythema multiforme.\""
three patients presented high-grade intermittent fever, and 2 patients were associated with sjogren syndrome with elevated serum antinuclear antibody levels.
subsequently, the authors gave this preparation to 21 patients: 8 had undergone lamellar keratoplasty, 4 had undergone penetrating keratoplasty, 2 had undergone photorefractive keratectomy with a delay of epithelialization, 3 had neurotrophic corneal ulcers, 2 had corneal burning, 1 had torpid corneal ulcer, and 1 had sjogren syndrome.
anti mitochondrial antibody (ama) negative/positive patients as well as the patients who were/were not associated with sjogren syndrome (ss) were compared in terms of clinical, biochemical and immunological features.
twenty-one patients with rheumatoid arthritis and 5 patients with primary sjogren syndrome (26 patients, 42 eyes) were included in the analysis of visual outcome.
we have thus far tested sera from patients with sle (n = 103), rheumatoid arthritis (ra, n = 93), and primary sjogren syndrome (pss, n = 34), and from healthy subjects (n = 160), for the presence of anti-alpha-actinin and anti-dna abs.
subsequently, the authors gave this preparation to 21 patients: 8 had undergone lamellar keratoplasty, 4 had undergone penetrating keratoplasty, 2 had undergone photorefractive keratectomy with a delay of epithelialization, 3 had neurotrophic corneal ulcers, 2 had corneal burning, 1 had torpid corneal ulcer, and 1 had sjogren syndrome.
"'we report on a patient who presented with generalized chorea as the first manifestation of sjogren syndrome, and review the possible pathogenesis.'"
in ichthyosis vulgaris, lamellar ichthyosis, sjogren-larsson syndrome, netherton syndrome, and acquired ichthyosiform skin condition, the pattern of hsp27 expression resembles healthy human skin.
mutations in aldh genes cause inborn errors of metabolism--such as the sjogren-larsson syndrome, type ii hyperprolinaemia and gamma-hydroxybutyric aciduria--and are likely to contribute to several complex diseases, including cancer and alzheimer's disease.
acquired gitelman syndrome has been reported and the majority has been associated with sjogren's syndrome.
acquired gitelman syndrome should be included in the differential diagnosis of renal involvement in patients with autoimmune diseases, especially sjogren's syndrome.\""
some other diseases such as uveitis, chronic thyroiditis, sjogren syndrome, arthritis, acute myeloid leukemia and myelodysplastic syndrome may be also associated with htlv-i.
6 cases (55%) were combined with systemic diseases, 1 with thyroiditis, 2 with systemic lupus erythematous, 2 with sjogren syndrome and 1 with rheumatoid arthritis.
this rare inflammation usually appears with viral infections, as part of paraneoplastic symptoms, or in the presence of sjogren disease.
these core diseases include rheumatoid arthritis (ra), systemic lupus erythematosus (sle), type 1 diabetes (t1d), multiple sclerosis (ms), autoimmune thyroid disease (hashimoto thyroiditis or graves disease), juvenile ra, inflammatory bowel disease (crohn disease or ulcerative colitis), psoriasis, and primary sjogren syndrome.
the patients were diagnosed as neoplasm of submandibular gland before operation, there was no radiographic sign of sialolithiasis, no clinical and laboratory signs of sjogren syndrome or related autoimmune disease.
understanding the developmental phases of immune dysfunction may provide unique opportunities for diagnosis and treatment of inflammatory diseases, autoimmune disorders, and cancers including lymphomas associated with sjogren syndrome, squamous cell carcinoma of the conjunctiva, and other lymphomas or epithelial cancers.
she had presented six years earlier with xerostomia, skin rash, and arthralgias and received a diagnosis of sjogren syndrome.
three patients had dry eye, associated with primary sjogren syndrome.
the second group: rheumatic diseases (wegener's granulomatosis, rheumatoid arthritis, sjogren, reiter and beh\u00e7et syndrome and kawasaki's disease) which are rarely of interest to our dermatologists.
only in the patient with suspected sjogren syndrome was oral candida found 15 days after the last varnish application.
the multispan transmembrane protein abca7 contains an extracellular domain that is recognized by antisera from patients with sjogren\\'s syndrome (\"sjogren-epitope\").
genotypes of abca7 and ha-1 snp were determined in three distinct caucasian populations of patients with primary sjogren\\'s syndrome and ethnically matched controls.
comparison of allele frequencies between these groups revealed that the incidence of the ha-1 168his allele is significantly lower in sjogren\\'s syndrome patients than in controls (p<0.003).
our results suggest that the ha-1 168his variant is associated with reduced susceptibility to primary sjogren\\'s syndrome.'"
the nine sjogren patients with non-erosive arthritis, fulfilling acr criteria for rheumatoid arthritis, were all ccp positive.
their role is currently being defined in other autoimmune disorders such as uveitis, sarcoidosis, interstitial lung disease, vasculitis, inflammatory myopathies, graft-versus-host disease, and sjogren syndrome.'"
this condition is widely recognized in certain systemic diseases, particularly sjogren syndrome, diabetes mellitus, after anticholinergic, antihistamine, and decongestant medications, as well as states of enhanced sympathetic drive, such as anxiety or emotional disturbances and various other psychosocial conditions.
"'in studies comparing hiv-infected patients with hiv-negative patients, rheumatic manifestations, including reactive arthritis, psoriatic arthritis, myalgia, tendinitis, fibromyalgia, necrotizing vasculitis, polymyositis, sjogren syndrome, were shown to occur more frequently in the hiv-positive group.
group i included mainly patients with sjogren syndrome and systemic lupus erythematosus (sle), whereas group iii included patients with mixed connective tissue disease and sle.
the determination of lymphocytic focus score, as used in the diagnosis of sjogren syndrome, with the adjunct of ductal atypia is useful for assessing dils.
at a speed similar to that of leucocyte traffic in the retina, normal mucins caused a decrease in neutrophil cathepsin g fluorescence, a decrease that was not observed with mucins from patients with meibomian gland disease or sjogren syndrome.
"\"the aim of the present study was to evaluate swedish and norwegian criteria currently applied in the assessment of eligibility for subsidized dental care of sjogren's syndrome (ss) patients.
thirty secondary sjogren (sss) patients (29 f and 1 m) participated for the duration of the study, in which resting (rws) and stimulated (sws) whole salivary flow rates were collected in the morning and afternoon, over 3 consecutive weeks, once per week, as well as at different times over a 5-year period.
primary biliary cirrhosis (pbc) is often associated with keratoconjunctivitis sicca (sjogren syndrome [ss]), an extrahepatic autoimmune manifestation.
the main associated conditions were hyperthyroidism in 16 patients (33%) hypothyroidism in seven (14%), rheumatoid arthritis in five (10%) and hypothyroidism and sjogren syndrome in three (6%).
inflammatory and infectious disorders of the central nervous system represented the main affections associated with ocb, including human immunodeficiency virus encephalitis, lyme disease and less frequently sjogren syndrome.
we report on a pregnancy in a mother with secondary sjogren syndrome and systemic lupus erythematosus with presence of autoantibodies to ss-a/ro and ss-b/la, which was complicated by the development of incomplete fetal heart block.
autoimmune tests (rheumatoid factor, antinuclear antibodies, autoantibodies to ro/ssa and la/ssb) together with symptoms of xerostomia with swallowing difficulties and atrophic glossitis suggested primary sjogren's syndrome (ss) as the underlying cause of drta.
predisposing factors were omphalitis (1), echinococcal cyst (1), major abdominal surgery (3), liver cirrhosis (3), sjogren syndrome (1), and no apparent cause (4).
previous abdominal surgery was the most frequent predisposing factor; the 2 cases of echinococcal liver disease and sjogren disease were exceptional.
nonvasculitic autoimmune mediated meningoencephalitis has been described in patients with sjogren's syndrome, systemic lupus erythematosus and, more recently, with hashimoto's disease.
the findings were not consistent with other reported findings in collagen vascular diseases including sjogren's syndrome, cns vasculitis or hashimoto's encephalopathy.
the pathology seems unique, however, sjogren and hashimoto's encephalopathy might be variants of naim.\""
"'the purpose of this study is to evaluate the cardiovascular function in patients with incomplete type of ssc (sssd; scleroderma sjogren syndrome associated spectrum disorders), ssc (systemic scleroderma) and sle (systemic lupus erythematosus) by using ecg and digital plethysmograph.
the presence of vil-10 partially suppressed the appearance of sjogren-syndrome-like features of reduced tear production, accelerated tear breakup, ocular surface disease, and immunopathologic response.
the generation of rheumatoid factors that can also be found during host defense against infectious agents and under pathologic conditions, such as rheumatoid arthritis, sjogren syndrome, and hepatitis c-associated mixed cryoglobulinemia after hepatitis c infection is likely the result of genetic predispositions and the intensity of the (primary) immune reaction.
the clinical severity of dry eye is greatest when atd and ede occur together, particularly in sjogren syndrome.
the autoimmune disease sjogren syndrome can deleteriously affect the innervation of the lacrimal gland.
although aqueous-deficient dry eye is most commonly not associated with sjogren syndrome (ss), aqueous-deficient dry eye is often most severe in patients with ss; thus, this article focuses mainly on ss-associated dry eye.\""
other musculoskeletal manifestations include lupus-like and sjogren-like diseases and hiv-related malignancy.
naturally acquired microchimerism has recently been investigated in autoimmune diseases, including scleroderma, thyroiditis, primary biliary cirrhosis, sjogren syndrome, systemic lupus, dermatomyositis, and neonatal lupus.
the metabolism of these compounds is impaired in several inherited human peroxisomal disorders, including adrenoleukodystrophy and sjogren-larsson syndrome.
autoantibodies to adpcf were not found in the sera of patients with rheumatoid arthritis (0/30), systemic sclerosis (0/30) or healthy donors (0/54) and were rarely found in polymyositis/dermatomyositis (1/30) and sjogren syndrome (1/14).
characteristic autoantibody patterns were seen in patients with clinical diagnoses of rheumatoid arthritis (n = 83), systemic lupus erythematosus (n = 71), systemic sclerosis (n = 36), polymyositis (n = 38), and sjogren syndrome (n = 20).
sjogren syndrome (ss) sometimes affects the central nervous system, but the association between recurrent meningitis and ss is rare, specially in this age-group.
the histological score (peterson, l., t. minas, m. brittberg, a. nilsson, e. sjogren-jansson, and a. lindahl clin.
after the medical records were reviewed and exclusion criteria were used, 90 non-ctd and seven ctd patients (systemic lupus erythematosus = 5; discoid lupus erythematosus = 1; sjogren syndrome = 1) remained.
particular patterns of igg reactivity were found in healthy subjects, sjogren patients, and ms patients.
among collagen diseases, the rarer entities include: sjogren syndrome, dermatopolymyositis, ankylosing spondylitis, relapsing polychondritis and mixed connective tissue disorders.
benign lesions were: pleomorphic adenoma (n = 15), warthin tumor (n = 14), infectious process (n = 13), venous malformation (n = 9), and sjogren disease (n = 9), lymphatic malformations (n = 7), lipoma (n = 6), hiv lymphoepithelial lesion (n = 4), first brachial cleft cyst (n = 3), oncocytoma (n = 2), sarcoid (n = 1), and lymph node (n = 1).
neurologists and geneticists know of him for the rare familial degenerative neurological disorder that has been named after him, the marinesco-sjogren syndrome.\""
before gluten challenge, 15 of the sjogren's syndrome (ss) patients reported gastrointestinal symptoms, and 8 reported intolerance to various food products.
mothers of children with chb are usually asymptomatic or have gougerot-sjogren, or undifferentiated connective tissue disease.
in isolated cases of diverse autoimmune diseases (scleroderma, apeced [autoimmune polyendocrinopathy, candidiasis, and ectodermal dystrophy], urticaria or urticarial vasculitis, reiter or sjogren syndromes, ulcerative colitis or crohn's disease, multiple sclerosis or guillain-barr\u00e9 syndrome) (n = 14), decreased tg was also observed both in the lean and obese subjects (-59%, p < .01 and -57%, p < .01, respectively).
hcv infection is the main etiologic factor associated with hematologic malignancies in patients with cryoglobulinemia, followed by specific systemic autoimmune diseases such as sjogren syndrome and systemic lupus erythematosus, highlighting the close relationship between lymphoproliferation, autoimmunity, and viruses.
these include, among others, arthralgias, arthritis, fatigue, fibromyalgia, vasculitis, and sialadenitis (sjogren-like).
reactive arthritis, psoriatic arthritis, acute nonspecific arthritis, sjogren syndrome, and inflammatory myositis have been reported.
in a third patient the neurological involvement was substantially unchanged, and the same unsuccessful outcome was observed for sjogren syndrome is concerned.
at least 85% of thyroiditis, systemic sclerosis, systemic lupus erythematosus, and sjogren disease patients are female.
clinical data from 95 ro/ss-a positive patients showed that 52% had sle, 24% sjogren syndrome, 8% rheumatoid arthritis, and 16% other diseases.
"\"systemic autoimmune diseases form a diverse group which includes: systemic lupus erythematosus (sle), mixed connective tissue disease (mctd), scleroderma, dermato-polymyositis, wegener's granulomatosis, sjogren syndrome.
included are: systemic lupus erytematosus (sle), polymyositis and dermatomyositis, sjogren syndrome, scleroderma and the vasculitis (polyarteritis nodosa, wegener's, giant cell arteritis).
renal disease, neuropathy, lymphoma, and sjogren syndrome with or without mixed cryoglobulinemia are all strongly associated with hcv infection.
satellite images and airborne surveys allowed unambiguous identification of active surging phases of boydell, sjogren, edgeworth, bombardier, and drygalski glaciers.
"'primary sjogren syndrome (ss) is an autoimmune disease characterized by diffuse lymphoid cell infiltrates in the salivary and lacrimal glands, resulting in symptoms of dry eye and dry mouth due to insufficient secretion.
sjogren-larsson syndrome is an autosomal recessive ichthyosis associated with progressive spastic paralysis and mental retardation.
the literature suggests that hcv-infected patients may frequently have sjogren-like sialadenitis with mild clinical symptoms, whereas oral lp may be significantly associated with hcv infections in southern europe and japan but not in northern europe.
in all the causes of the dry eye, about 11.3% had sjogren syndrome (ss).
anti-ssa/ro are also associated with primary sjogren syndrome (50% to 60%) and with undifferenciated connective tissue disease (uctd).
we chose to study autoantibody to dna binding protein b. immunoreactivity against recombinant dbpb was detected in 40.5% (15/37) of patients with ssc, 14.6% (6/41) of patents with systemic lupus erythematosus, 6.7% (1/15) of patients with rheumatoid arthritis, 0% (0/12) of patients with sjogren syndrome, and 5.9% (1/17) of patients with polymyositis/dermatomyositis.
at this time, the ocular manifestations of hcv infections best supported by the literature include a dry eye syndrome similar to sjogren syndrome, and ischemic retinopathy caused by either an hcv-induced vasculitis or treatment with interferon.
classically, lip occurs in association with autoimmune diseases, most often sjogren syndrome.
"'abstract to determine the efficacy of cyclosporin a (cysa) for the treatment of steroid-resistant interstitial pneumonitis (ip), we enrolled 25 patients with various rheumatic diseases and steroid-resistant ip in a pilot study [4 patients with rheumatoid arthritis (ra), 2 with systemic lupus erythematosus (sle), 11 with polymyositis/dermatomyositis (pm/dm), 4 with systemic sclerosis (ssc), 1 with mixed connective tissue disease (mctd), 3 with sjogren syndrome (ss)].
"'antibodies to ro/ssa are found in patients with subacute cutaneous lupus erythematosus (scle), complement deficiency lupus erythematosus, systemic lupus erythematosus (sle), neonatal lupus erythematosus, and sjogren syndrome (ss).
two patients had primary sjogren syndrome, one had primary antiphospholipid antibody syndrome, and two had rheumatoid arthritis; all five had clinical evidence of cutaneous vasculopathy encompassing livedo, perniosis, and palpable purpura.
"'collagen vascular diseases that demonstrate features of interstitial lung disease include systemic lupus erythematosus, rheumatoid arthritis, progressive systemic sclerosis, dermatomyositis and polymyositis, ankylosing spondylitis, sjogren syndrome, and mixed connective tissue disease.
"\"a 69-year-old man presenting with choreo-athetosis was proved to have primary sjogren's syndrome.
dry eye and thirst were present for 4 years, and a diagnosis of primary sjogren syndrome was confirmed by ophthalmological examinations, lip biopsy and sialography.
the final outcome of these study patients was erythrodermic autosomal recessive lamellar ichthyosis in seven cases (41%), non-erythrodermic autosomal recessive lamellar ichthyosis in three cases (18%), sjogren-larsson in one case (6%), epidermolytic hyperkeratosis in one case (6%), acute neonatal variant of gaucher disease in one case (6%) and normal skin in four cases (24%).'"
this infiltrative process resembles in many aspects a sjogren-like syndrome, owing to the visceral lymphocytic infiltration.
studies described here examine the functional significance of cathepsin s inhibition on autoantigen presentation and organ-specific autoimmune diseases in a murine model for sjogren syndrome.
the sicca syndrome related to htlv-1 virus differs from primary or secondary sjogren syndrome, because it does not reveal any of the immunologic anomalies generally seen in this disease.
"\"the appearance of autoimmune thyroiditis in the course of other autoimmune diseases, which do not affect specific organs (systemic lupus erythematosus, sjogren syndrome, rheumatoid arthritis and others), is more frequent than is usually believed.
the appearance of autoimmune thyroiditis together with other autoimmune diseases which do not affect specific organs (such as systemic lupus erythematosus, sjogren syndrome) is the reason to classify them in a common subgroup of the autoimmune polyendocrine syndromes--type iiid [2].
the differential diagnosis of the three patients lay between sjogren syndrome (sjs), sjogren/systemic lupus erythematosus overlap syndrome and an asymptomatic clinical state.
just before operation 11% of the women had a sjogren score of more than 2, whereas 30% had such a score 1 year after ibr ( p = 0.01).
in conclusion, 1 year after sbi implantation women had more srsc-related complaints, especially sjogren's and ra/raynaud's.
none of the patients had any identifiable immunosuppression, hiv positivity, autoimmune disorder (such as sjogren syndrome) or lymphoma.
underlying illnesses were: aids (7), malignant neoplasms (3), diabetes (2), endocarditis (2), sjogren syndrome (1) and complications of abdominal surgery (2).
"\"we reviewed the current literature concerning the treatment of dry mouth in patients with primary sjogren's syndrome (sjs).
computerized medline search engines were used with the terms sjogren, xerostomia, dry mouth, and treatment.
other autoimmune diseases in which leflunomide has been used successfully include felty syndrome, vasculitis, sjogren syndrome, wegener granulomatosis, and bullous pemphigoid.'"
"'damages to the lacrimal and salivary glands that accompany various autoimmune diseases are categorized as secondary sjogren syndrome.
the underlying causes of pachymeningitis in four patients were sjogren syndrome, wegener's granulomatosis, microscopic polyangitis, and dermatomyositis, respectively.
normal fibroblast enzyme activities of fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase and nadph cytochrome c reductase were not consistent with the diagnosis of sjogren-larsson syndrome.
as is associated with connective tissue diseases: rheumatoid polyarthritis in one case and gougerot-sjogren in three cases.
the control group included 20 healthy donors, 70 patients with other rheumatic diseases (32 systemic sclerosis (ssc); 18 primary sjogren syndrome (pss), 20 rheumatoid arthritis (ra)), and 30 patients with various infectious diseases (id).
before any conclusions with respect to other skin diseases such as atopic dermatitis, schoenlein-henoch purpura, sweet's syndrome, sjogren syndrome or systemic sclerosis may be drawn, additional randomized, double-blinded and placebo-controlled studies including adequate diagnostic schedules, sufficient eradication treatment protocols, confirmation of eradication and adequate control groups are needed.
this case report describes severe go induced by manidipine in a female patient (43 years old) with hypertension and sjogren syndrome (ss).
from eight siblings four had rheumatoid arthritis, one systemic lupus erythematodes, one primary sjogren syndrome, and one reiter disease.
lacrimal gland histology was consistent with the primary sjogren syndrome, and serologic and immunohistologic evidence supported the hypothesis of epstein-barr virus causality.
eighteen patients without salivary disease and 10 patients with sjogren syndrome, chronic parotitis, or focal salivary masses underwent split-echo and echo-planar dw mr imaging.
cultured skin fibroblasts from controls and patients with sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) who are genetically deficient in faldh activity were incubated with [2,3-(3)h]phytanic acid.
the composition of the tear fluid is affected dramatically by androgens, an observation which has been linked to the fact that more than 90% of the patients with sjogren syndrome are female.
secondary ain occurs in collagen vascular diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis and (felty's syndrome), gougerot-sjogren syndrome, and systemic lupus erythematosus.
here a case is reported of malt lymphoma developing in the cerebellopontine (cp) angle in a patient with sjogren syndrome, and the concept of malt lymphoma of the cns is introduced.
"'we measured serum levels of sp-d in collagen diseases (110 cases) such as systemic scleroderma (ssc), scleroderma spectrum disorders (ssd), systemic lupus erythematodes (sle), sjogren syndrome (sjs), dermatomyositis (dm), rheumatoid arthritis (ra), and dermatitis (de) (109 cases) as a control.
in patients with sjogren's syndrome, 49.53 degrees +/- 10.81 and 53.17 degrees +/- 7.28 and in patients with incipient ocular cicatricial pemphigoid, 42.69 degrees +/- 14.33 and 44.46 degrees +/- 16.85.
"\"myelopathies associated with sjogren's syndrome has been rarely described especially concerning magnetic resonance imaging (mri) and treatment aspects.
the aim of this study was to determine the clinical, laboratory and radiological features of myelopathies occurring in sjogren's syndrome.
the diagnosis of myelopathy associated with sjogren's syndrome may be difficult especially compared with ms, htlv1 or hiv myelopathy and sarcoidosis, in the chronic form but also with other vasculitis, ms or viral infection in the acute forms.
however, in this last form, magnetic resonance imaging and cerebrospinal fluid data should bring to the diagnosis of sjogren syndrome and confirmed by appropriate tests.
in a patient with sjogren syndrome, punctal plugs rapidly restored initial velocity and stabilization time from near zero values to normal values.
intracisternal a type particles, antigenically related to hiv, have been reported in h9 cells co-cultured with homogenates of salivary glands obtained from patients with sjogren syndrome and with synovial fluid of patients with rheumatoid arthritis.
antibody titers for glutamic acid decarboxylase, tetanus, and sjogren antigens were all normal.'"
they are two female patients in their fifties (54 and 58 years-old) one of them with autoimmune phenomenon, rheumatoid arthritis and sjogren syndrome.
the patient, a 30-year-old woman who delivered a child and lactated in 1997, was suffering from sjogren syndrome (ss).
the sjogren's group had greater loss of naso-lacrimal reflex, slower fluorescein clearance, and greater ocular-surface fluorescein and rose bengal staining than did the others.
more mgd subjects had meibomian gland orifice metaplasia and acinar dropout than did those with sjogren-related atd and controls.
in one case the drta was secondary to sjogren syndrome and the etiology was unknown in the rest of the cases.
"\"isolated congenital heart block may be associated with autoimmune disorder such as sjogren syndrome and systemic lupus erythematosus.
18 patients had lupus erythematosus, two mixed connective tissue disease, one rheumatoid arthritis, one sjogren syndrome, one beh\u00e7et disease.
the study population consisted in eighty-five patients (68 females and 17 males), 35 of whom affected by systemic lupus erythematosus, 16 by rheumatoid arthritis, 14 by sjogren syndrome, 12 by progressive systemic sclerosis, 3 by beh\u00e7et syndrome and 5 by antiphospholipid antibodies syndrome.
the mean age ranged between 33.7 of patients with lupus erythematosus and 51.8 of those with sjogren syndrome.
their clinical diagnoses were sjogren syndrome in 2 cases; polymyositis, idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis, asbestosis, and hypersensitivity pneumonitis in 1 case each.
in vivo and in vitro data suggest that antileukotriene treatment may have efficacy in atopic dermatitis, different types of urticaria or psoriasis and other skin diseases such as bullous skin diseases, collagenoses, sjogren-larsson syndrome or kawasaki disease.
sjogren syndrome and paraneoplastic neuropathy were excluded serologically and by comprehensive imaging techniques.
the results are compared with the predictions of several theoretical approaches, paying special attention to the lovesey model and the wahnstr\u00f6m and sjogren mode-coupling theory.
"\"crystalline deposits in the retina may be associated with a wide variety of systemic disorders such as oxalosis, cystinosis, hyperornithinaemia and sjogren-larsson syndrome.
these other disorders include systemic lupus erythematosus, antiphospholipid syndrome, beh\u00e7et disease, sjogren syndrome, sarcoidosis and vasculitides.
"'ocular surface involvement is a frequent feature of sjogren syndrome characterized by the presence of typical symptoms such as burning and foreign body sensation and by wide spread epithelial damage of the cornea and on the conjunctiva.
paraclinic investigations (tests for autoimmunity, biopsy of minor salivary glands) are useful when uncommon sjogren syndrome is hypothesized.
in chronic, autoimmune diseases, like lupus eritematosus, sjogren syndrome or wegener granulomatosis, could exist pathological antibody index against different viral agents like the antibody index against measles (m), rubella (r) and zoster (z) viruses, known as mrz reaction.
rheumatoid arthritis, primary systemic vasculitic disease and sjogren syndrome with vasculitis were the most common associated systemic diseases.
those symptoms developed progressively and during a few years primary sjogren syndrome was noted.
mutations in the faldh gene are responsible for the human genetic disorder sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) which is characterized by ichthyosis, mental retardation, and spasticity.
eleven (48%) of the 23 initially asymptomatic mothers developed symptoms of a rheumatic disease (0.15 status changes/patient-year of follow-up; 6 (26%) developed an undifferentiated autoimmune syndrome, 2 (9%) developed the sjogren syndrome, and 3 (13%) developed systemic lupus erythematosus.
one mother with the sjogren syndrome progressed to systemic lupus erythematosus.
the breakdown of collagen disease are sle (6 patients), mctd (3 patients), pn (2 patients), and pss, pm, sjogren syndrome (1 case, each).
tear function indexes below 96 were consistent with dry eye and those below 34 were seen primarily in patients with sjogren syndrome.
"'we established long-term cell lines of cytotoxic t lymphocytes (ctl) specific for human t cell leukemia virus type i (htlv-i) from peripheral blood lymphocytes (pbl) of a patient with htlv-i-associated myelopathy/tropical spastic paraparesis (ham/tsp), an htlv-i-carrier with sjogren syndrome, and an asymptomatic htlv-i-carrier, by repeated stimulation with autologous htlv-i-infected t cells in vitro.
furthermore, ctl derived from the patient with sjogren syndrome without neurological involvement also demonstrated cytotoxicity predominantly to p40tax.
thus, htlv-i p40tax-specific cytotoxicity is mediated by the major ctl population activated by native htlv-i antigens in patients with ham/tsp or sjogren syndrome.
25 patients had a typical sjogren syndrome and the rest had no sicca syndrome but generally an unclassified disease.
we conclude that anti-ss-b antibody is not a marker for sjogren syndrome, but is correlated with the presence of an autoimmune disorder inconstantly associated with the sicca syndrome.
this auto-immune disorder has the clinical and biological features of systemic sjogren syndrome but the sicca syndrome.'"
nine patients presented a patend gougerot-sjogren syndrome.
however, the patients with classical rheumatoid arthritis without signs of the gougerot-sjogren syndrome, also showed a high frequency of isotopic anomalies that were equally severe.
these isotopic studies, in combination with other findings shed a new light on the gougerot-sjogren syndrome, taking into account the diffusion of the exocrine lesions and of the contributions of the most modern methods of investigation.'"
our personal experience with 41 hypomelanosis of ito patients and literature review led us to conclude that (1) the term hypomelanosis of ito has been often misapplied to individuals with nonspecific \"patchy depigmentation of the skin\" who had several conditions of different etiologies; (2) the white matter involvement seen at neuroimaging in most of our hypomelanosis of ito patients was similar to that reported in well-defined neurocutaneous disorders, including sjogren-larsson syndrome and incontinentia pigmenti; (3) whatever figures we take for associated central nervous system abnormalities in hypomelanosis of ito, these represent the most frequent extracutaneous findings and, therefore, the use of the term neurocutaneous disorder for hypomelanosis of ito might well be appropriate.'"
we examined antibody titers against human cct and other hsp60 family members in the sera of patients with rheumatic autoimmune diseases, including rheumatoid arthritis, systemic lupus erythematodes, sjogren syndrome, and mixed connective tissue disease.
we were able to exclude all diseases causing acute tubulo-interstitial nephritis such as systemic infection, hypersensitivity to drugs, behcet's disease, sjogren syndrome, sarcoidosis, systemic lupus or vasculitides.
mutations in aldh3a2 cause loss of enzymatic activity and are the molecular basis of sjogren-larsson syndrome.
sclerodactyly and raynaud's phenomenon were also defined, and the laboratory findings of high titers of antinuclear antibody (speckled type), positive anti-rnp antibody, positive rheumatoid factor, and hypergammaglobulinemia suggested the diagnosis of mctd associated with sjogren syndrome.
the siarography and lip biopsy indicated definitively the association of sjogren syndrome.
other indications included ocular cicatricial pemphigoid, exposure keratitis, toxic epidermal necrolysis, postherpetic keratitis, congenital deficiency of meibomian glands, superior limbal keratoconjunctivitis, sjogren syndrome, and inflammatory corneal degeneration.
"\"a number of ichthyosis syndromes may have retinal abnormalities such as the retinitis pigmentosa-like diffuse rod-cone dystrophy in refsum's syndrome and the maculopathy in sjogren-larsson syndrome.
"\"to better understand the genetic disorder sjogren-larsson syndrome which is caused by a deficiency of fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase activity, we determined the subcellular localization of the enzyme and investigated its biochemical properties.
eleven of 16 sle had antinucleus, 7/13 had anti-ribonucleoprotein (rnp), anti-sjogren syndrome a (ssa) and anti-dsdna, 3/13 had anti-smooth muscle (sm) and 1/13 had anti-dna topoisomerase i (scl)-70, striated muscle and stomach acid cell antibodies.
"'annular erythema (ae) associated with anti-ro (ssa) and/or la (ssb) autoantibody in patients with sjogren syndrome (ss) or with ss/systemic lupus erythematosus overlap syndrome (ss/sle), has recently been described in orientals, and it may be a counterpart of annular skin lesion of the subacute cutaneous le seen mostly in caucasians.
some authors have proposed that chronic persistent immunogenic stimulation causes development of acquired malt and subsequently malt lymphoma, based on the observation of malt lymphoma in association with infectious agents, such as helicobacter pylori and hepatitis c virus, and autoimmune diseases, such as hashimoto thyroiditis and sjogren syndrome.
"\"despite the indisputable role of immunoglobulin (ig)a in the pathogenesis of primary sjogren syndrome (pss), the causative abnormality remains largely unknown.
the pathogenesis of lecs is unclear; clinical diseases that are known to be associated with their counterparts in the salivary glands such as sjogren disease or human immunodeficiency virus have not been documented for the lecs of the pancreas.
a 36 years old female presented with a sjogren syndrome and painful subcutaneous nodules whose biopsy showed perivascular lymphocytic infiltration, perivascular thickening and normal skin.
"'sjogren syndrome (ss) is an autoimmune disease characterized by diffuse lymphoid cell infiltrates in the salivary and lacrimal glands, resulting in symptoms of dry mouth and eyes due to insufficient secretion.
the best effect of acupuncture was found in external factors after inflammation and in patients with imbalance of the autonomic nervous system, the least effects in sjogren syndrome.
the nscd5 concentration in sera from healthy donors is relatively low (median 1.75 ng/ml, rn=166) and is similar to that found in sera from patients suffering of various autoimmune (systemic lupus erythematosus, primary sjogren syndrome, rheumatoid arthritis) and non-autoimmune (chronic renal failure, b-cell chronic lymphocytic leukemia) disorders.
this provides strong evidence for a metal ion interaction with the 2'-moiety of g in this ribozyme (referred to as m(c)), confirming and extending previous results in a bacteriophage group i intron [sjogren, a.-s., pettersson, e., sj\u00f6berg, b.-m., and str\u00f6mberg, r. (1997) nucleic acids res.
consequently, this case was diagnosed as iph complicated with pss and sjogren syndrome.'"
we present typical patterns of changes in progressive systemic sclerosis (pss, scleroderma), systemic lupus erythematosus (sle), mixed connective tissue disease (mctd, sharp syndrome), sjogren syndrome, overlap syndrome and rheumatoid arthritis (ra).
furthermore, we describe findings which are specific for individual entities such as esophageal involvement in pss, acute pneumonitis and pulmonary hemorrhage in sle, lymphoproliferative disease in sjogren syndrome and necrobiotic nodules in ra.'"
in cases of healing of sjogren syndrome and schonlein-henoch, purpura have also been reported.
forty-six children have received acitretin since 1992 in our hospital: 29 children had either lamellar ichthyosis (nine), non-bullous ichthyosiform erythroderma (five), bullous ichthyosiform erythroderma (four), sjogren-larsson syndrome (three) or another rare condition (eight).
extrahepatic manifestations that are associated with chronic hcv infection include: type ii cryoglobulinaemia, membranoproliferative glomerulonephritis, porphyria cutanea tarda, sjogren syndrome, autoimmune thyroiditis, lichen planus, etc.
with parotid gland biopsy also diagnosis of other diseases which have similar signs, such as sjogren syndrome and parotid gland sarcoidosis, can be established early.
moreover, associations such as autoimmune hepatitis, chronic thyroiditis, and sjogren syndrome strongly suggests that takayasu aortitis may be an autoimmune disease.'"
under the anatomical pathology are of great importance fine needle biopsy for tumoral studies and daniel's biopsy for sjogren' syndrome.
ssc-pbc were more frequently complicated with sjogren syndrome (p < 0.05).
the indications were as follows: perforated corneal ulcer--9 eyes, persistent non-perforated corneal ulcer--4 cases, recurrent transplant disease--2 eyes, 1 patient with sjogren syndrome and 1 with keratolysis in the course of ulcerative colitis.
it has been claimed that a subgroup of patients with fm might have features suggestive of primary sjogren syndrome.
the sicca syndrome also seems to be associated with hepatitis c virus, but this is not the typical sjogren syndrome.
this case was clearly distinct from refsum disease, sjogren-larsson syndrome and any of the other ichthyosis disorders that have been suggested as a replacement for rud syndrome.
there are shared histologic features between kidney transplant rejection and the distal renal tubular acidosis (rta) of sjogren syndrome, which led us to hypothesize that deficient collecting duct h+ adenosine triphosphatase (atpase) expression--which is lacking in the rta of sjogren syndrome - may cause the rta of kidney transplant rejection.
in 34 sjogren syndrome's patients one only showed a positive test.
urinary ph and anion gap measurement, the study of renal acidification and a bicarbonate overload test lead to the diagnosis of a distal renal tubular acidosis, secondary to a sjogren syndrome, that was confirmed with a schirmer test and positive anti ro antibodies.
other illnesses, which are autoimmune in character, such as sjogren syndrome, scleroderma and the vasculitides, are also more commonly found in women.
the sicca syndrome also seems to be associated with hepatitis c virus, but this is not the typical sjogren syndrome.
sjogren syndrome (2%) and other diseases.
we studied this polymorphism in 36 patients with possible or definite primary sjogren's syndrome and found that il1rn*2 was significantly more frequent in the definite than in the possible form.
the serum levels of il-1ra were markedly higher in sjogren patients than in those of healthy subjects.
our results suggest that il1rn*2 is a marker of more severe forms of sjogren's syndrome.
osteoporosis), sjogren syndrome and pleuropulmonary abnormalities (pleural effusion, fibrosing alveolitis, constrictive bronchiolitis).
however, when in selected cases with isolated cns disease standard investigations are not conclusive, meningeal or cerebral biopsy may be required in order to exclude other causes such as other granulomatous disorders, tumor metastasis, lymphoma, vasculitis, sjogren syndrome, infection, neurologic disease such as multiple sclerosis, or systemic diseases such as whipple's disease.
among 7 patients, with sjogren's syndrome, clinically manifested saps was observed in 2, while in other 5 only increased apl levels were found, as well as in patients with systemic vasculitis-3, mctd-2 and sy.
sjogren with vasculitis-1.
moreover, some autoimmune diseases, such as henoch-schonlein purpura, sjogren syndrome and others have been shown to have a link with helicobacter pylori infection probably, in subjects with a particular predisposition, the release of substances with a vasoactive and proinflammatory activity, which is determined by helicobacter pylori infection, may influence some extradigestive districts.'"
it was diagnosed a primary sjogren a syndrome (ssp) and the patient was treated with salivary substitutes and artificial tears.
two cases of lgl leukemia are here delineated: a woman with advanced breast adenocarcinoma and another one with sjogren disease.
sjogren syndrome.
data obtained from patients with sjogren syndrome and other types of lacrimal dysfunction shows that the expectations for break-up in dry-eye treatment strategy are very high.
"'this paper reported the results of the clinical observation and long-term follow-up of twenty-five cases of lymphoepithelial lesion in salivary glands.it evaluated the name and character of this disease and investigated correlation between mikulicz syndrome and sjogren syndrome.lymphoepithelial lesion were a course of the benign disease,and had character similar as tumors.it was liable to be diagnosed erroneously and should be treated according to principle of the tumor therapy in the salivary gland.'"
nonetheless, it is clinically prudent to conclude that the pathogenetic relationships of sjogren syndrome, rheumatoid arthritis and polyarthritis with hcv infection are more likely to be regarded as mediated via the intermediate development of ecm.\""
sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls) shows a deficiency of both acyl-ceramides (ceramides 1 and 6), which would seem likely to disrupt the normal skin barrier function.
sjogren-larsson syndrome: assay of fao activity.\""
"'to evaluate the reliability and the validity of landolt rings and of the frisby test as measures of visual acuity and stereoacuity, respectively, the visual acuity of 30 mentally retarded children was measured with landolt rings shown as games, the sjogren test, the dot visual acuity test and stereoacuity with the frisby test.
the validity of the landolt rings was measured by a correlation of .55 for the highest logmar values of the sjogren test with the highest logmar values of the landolt rings.
although lymphomatous transformation in patients with sjogren syndrome is well documented, few reports have appeared describing similar findings in patients with a benign lymphoepithelial lesion.
"\"this paper reports a rare case of hodgkin's disease with sjogren syndrome in the course of beh\u00e7et's disease.
salivary gland biopsy revealed chronic sialoadenitis with lymphocytic infiltration compatible with sjogren syndrome.
ten patients with histological findings of leukocytoclastic vasculitis were diagnosed as urticarial vasculitis which was accompanied in 7 cases by systemic lupus erythematosus, sjogren syndrome or viral hepatitis.
systemic lupus erythematosus and sjogren syndrome were noted in 5 of these patients but multiple organ involvement was relatively quite infrequent.
"'twenty female patients with clinically multiple sclerosis were evaluated with regard to a possible underlying sjogren syndrome.
two patients (10%) demonstrated a clinical sjogren syndrome which does not differ significantly from the prevalence in an unselected population.
"'the extension of wetting in a standardized piece of filter paper was used to evaluate saliva output in 26 patients with sjogren syndrome and 101 control subjects.
corresponding value for patients with sjogren syndrome was 11.8 +/- 13.9 accordingly, this is a simple and sensitive method to quantify xerostomia.'"
only in the second group there was an associated disease (systemic lupus erythematosus, sjogren syndrome disease, lupus-sjogren overlap, autoimmune thyroid disease).
"\"in a group of patients with keratoconjunctivitis sicca associated with sjogren's syndrome, the schirmer values were lower in the sjogren group of patients in comparison with a comparable group in which kcs was not associated with any systemic disease and these differences reached almost statistical significance.
none of these parameters in itself appeared to be of any clinical value to differentiate between kcs patients who were or were not associated with sjogren' syndrome.\""
the test, however, was not found to be valid when comparing it with the sjogren test.
since the dvat has previously been shown to be valid when compared to the tumble e test, these results bring into question the validity of the sjogren test when compared to the tumble e test.'"
"\"salivary glands obtained at biopsy from patients with sjogren's syndrome and controls were studied with regard to phenotype of infiltrating and residing cells, by means of a double immunoenzymatic staining technique.
the infiltrating lymphocytes, which were sparse or absent in the control group in contrast to their abundant presence in the sjogren patients, consisted in both groups mainly of t lymphocytes, the majority of which were t helper cells.
in the controls, the glandular epithelial cells were hla-dr- whereas in the sjogren patients hla-dr+ epithelial cells were found, mainly confined to areas, where the epithelial cells were seen in close proximity to the periphery of dense lymphocytic infiltrates.
5 of these 7 biopsies showed lymphocytic infiltrates giving in 2 cases a nodular aspect, grade iii of chisholm\\'s classification, held to be pathognomonic of sjogren syndrome.
sicca syndromes with sometimes lymphocytic infiltrate similar to those of sjogren\\'s syndrome were occasionally imputed to drug reactions.
the occurrence of \"sjogren like\\'s syndrome\" after a toxic epidermal necrolysis suggests the intervening of autoimmune phenomena in the pathogenesis of this toxic epidermal necrolysis.
"\"the authors discuss the pathology, diagnosis and different clinical manifestations of sjogren syndrome on the basis of a case report in which the patient presented extraglandular pathology and degeneration into lymphoma.
it is stressed that sjogren syndrome is often associated with other diseases of the connective tissue such as rheumatoid arthritis and lupus erythematodes disseminatus.
degeneration into lymphoma is often seen in patients presenting sjogren's syndrome since many years.\""
sjogren-cells of the granulocytic as well as the monocytic type are generated.
sjogren-cells of the granulocytic or monocytic type.
antinuclear antibodies (ana) with speckled pattern can be observed in sera of patients with various rheumatic diseases (rheumatoid arthritis, systemic lupus erythematosus, sjogren syndrome) and even in healthy persons.
the latter observation allows a differentiation between the ana in mixed connective tissue disease and the ana in other conditions, especially in systemic lupus erythematosus and sjogren syndrome.'"
this review summarizes the advances in this field and the recent results obtained in clinical and scientific research on the following syndromes: neurofibromatosis type 1, tuberous sclerosis, gorlin-goltz syndrome (nevoid basal cell carcinoma syndrome), sjogren-larsson syndrome, trichothiodystrophy, incontinentia pigmenti, child (congenital hemidysplasia with ichthyosiform nevus and limb defects) syndrome, menkes' syndrome, encephalocraniocutaneous lipomatosis, proteus syndrome, sturge-weber syndrome, and so-called hypomelanosis of lto.\""
we have realized an analytic investigation about the repetability, the reproducibility and the detection limit of our elisa method and we have refined its evaluation in using a clinic study carried out on 203 subjects (55 had a sjogren syndrome, 47 had a systemic lupus erythematosus, 17 had a rheumatoid arthritis, 13 a progressive systemic sclerosis, 10 a polymyositis and 61 healthy subjects (blood donors)).
the enzyme immunoassay is a lot more sensitive than the ouchterlony method since, for a sjogren sample, we obtain a sensitivity of 0.69 while the sensitivity is only of 0.51 for the immunoprecipitation.
over time, results of biologic tests became suggestive of concomitant gougerot-sjogren syndrome, but neither the clinical nor the histologic findings were consistent with this diagnosis.
the diagnosis of overlap syndrome between sle and gougerot-sjogren syndrome was established only six years later when the patient developed ocular and oral sicca syndrome with enlargement of the parotid glands.'"
this is particularly the case with primary sjogren syndrome (sicca syndrome).
based on a well documented case, this article is a review of the etiopathogenesis, symptomatology and investigation of the sjogren syndrome.
"\"overlap syndromes (os) are complex clinical entities in which symptoms and serological profiles of diverse connective tissue diseases, mainly systemic lupus erythematosus (sle), progressive systemic sclerosis (pss), dermato/polymyositis and sjogren syndrome, converge in a single patient.
finally, anti-la/ssb antibodies define patients who associate sjogren syndrome to sle or pss.
"\"we report a case of a 57 year-old woman with sjogren's syndrome and pulmonary complaints.
this association is very rare, and the present case does not fulfill the criteria for tass (thyroiditis, addison's disease, sjogren, and sarcoidosis).
sarcoidosis and sjogren can coexist since both diseases may share the same immunological profile.
"'four patients of two families with clinical characteristics resembling those in marinesco-sjogren syndrome are presented.
the conclusion is that the peculiar myopathic and degenerative findings in the muscle biopsy are a consistent morphological feature in the clinical entity of the patients and the syndrome is distinctive from marinesco-sjogren syndrome.'"
two patients had an associated sjogren syndrome.
the two patients who had evidence of sjogren syndrome noted subjective improvement.
"'the authors administered by passive haemagglutination, natural or denatured type i and ii anticollagen antibodies in the serum of 83 rheumatoid polyarthritis, 20 ankylosing spondylarthritis, 30 relapsing polychondritis, 13 diffuse sclerodermics, 12 gougerot-sjogren syndrome patients.
denatured ii ant-collagen antibodies are common during ankylosing spondylarthritis (35 percent) and diffuse sclerodermia, and are found in rheumatoid polyarthritis (23 percent) and in gougerot sjogren syndrome (25 percent).
the disturbance of such association, in the author\\'s opinion, is conducive to the development of a peculiar tumour pathology (adenolymphomas) and autoimmune processes (sjogren syndrome autoimmune parotitis).
it is suggested that in systemic involvement of the salivary, lacrimal and other glands and some autoimmune disease the term \"sjogren syndrome\" be used, and the distinct disease be termed \"autoimmune parotitis\".'"
"'thirty biopsies of the lower lip mucosa from patients with clinical and subclinical manifestations of sjogren syndrome were studied.
the results obtained and data from literature permit a conclusion that sjogren syndrome is a generalized autoimmune disease underlain by the disturbance of immunological homeostasis.'"
"\"twenty-two patients with sjogren's syndrome uncomplicated by a connective tissue disorder, 31 with sjogren's syndrome complicated by rheumatoid arthritis, and 21 with rheumatoid arthritis alone were studied with particular reference to changes in the ears and in the upper respiratory and digestive tracts.epistaxis, soreness and dryness of the throat, dysphagia, and hoarseness were common symptoms, and rhinitis sicca and postcricoid narrowing were not uncommon features of the sjogren groups.
there was an increased frequency of deafness in all groups, and the deafness tended to be conductive in the sjogren groups and sensorineural in the rheumatoid arthritis group.\""
they reported: atypical rheumatoid syndrome (n = 1), sjogren syndrome (n = 1), atypical autoimmune disorder (n = 1), and chronic fatigue syndrome (n = 2).
"\"the development in the past few years of laboratory test for hepatitis c virus allow us to associate it with a broad range of autoimmune manifestations such as cryoglobulinemia and sjogren syndrome.
this article reviews psychiatric and neurologic symptoms in systemic lupus erythematodes, sjogren syndrome, primary vasculitides and other immunopathies such as the primary antiphospholipid syndrome and sneddon's syndrome.
"\"human t lymphocyte virus type-i (htlv-i) is an etiologic agent of not only adult t cell leukemia but also htlv-i associated myelopathy/tropical spastic paraparesis, htlv-i associated arthropathy and other immunological disorders, such as sjogren syndrome, dermatitis, polymyositis, and uveitis.
we recently reported that a wide spectrum of collagen vascular diseases, including inflammatory arthropathy resembling rheumatoid arthritis, myocarditis, dermatitis, necrotizing arteritis, myositis and sialoadenitis similar to sjogren's syndrome, developed in the transgenic rat carrying htlv-i env-px region under the control of its own long terminal repeat (env-px rat).
rheumatoid arthritis as well as kawasaki disease, sjogren syndrome, and multiple sclerosis is now well studied through the oligoclonal expression of tcr beta specificities on infiltrating t cells.
mothers of babies with nle may be asymptomatic initially or may have sjogren syndrome, lupus erythematosus, overlap syndrome or, uncommonly, leukocytoclastic vasculitis.
autoreactive t cell clones supported polyclonal b cell activation, as characterized by the production of anti-dna, anti-sjogren syndrome a, and anti-tetanus toxoid (anti-tt) abs.
in these cases the asymmetric induction was satisfactorily achieved using beta-silylalkanoyl ketenes and the evans-sjogren ketene.
necrotizing arteritis resembling polyarteritis nodosa, polymyositis, myocarditis and sjogren syndrome-like sialoadenitis developed, together with ra-like arthritis even in one individual animal.
"'the observation of suggestive clinical symptoms in a patient suffering from a gougerot-sjogren syndrome led to a search for a cryoglobulin.
"'hiv-associated salivary gland disease (hiv-sgd) includes lymphoepithelial lesions and cysts involving the salivary gland tissue and/or intraglandular lymph nodes, and sjogren-like conditions.
"\"mutations in the fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase gene (aldh10) are responsible for sjogren-larsson syndrome (de laurenzi et al., 1996).
an autosomal dominant retinitis pigmentosa, leber's congenital amaurosis, autosomal dominant cone degeneration, central areolar choroidal dystrophy and sjogren-larsson syndrome were all recently mapped to chromosome 17p.
"\"mutations in the fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase (faldh) gene cause sjogren-larsson syndrome (sls)-a disease characterized by mental retardation, spasticity, and congenital ichthyosis.
in this group 3 patients were treated for the rheumatoid arthritis and in 1 women presented symptoms of sjogren' syndrome.
tgf is also very intriguing because tgf-beta knockout mice show sle-like autoantibodies and sjogren syndrome-like lymphoproliferation.
in the hypothyroid subgroup, 3 cases presented a localized systemic sclerosis and the 3 others presented a diffuse systemic sclerosis; sjogren syndrome was found in 2 of these patients.
"\"the main lesions of sensory ataxic neuropathy such as chronic idiopathic sensory ataxic neuropathy, (isan), carcinomatous neuropathy, sjogren syndrome-associated neuropathy and acute autonomic and sensory neuropathy (aasn) are the large-diameter sensory neurons and dosal column of the spinal cord and the large myelinated fibers in the peripheral nerve trunks.
as a result, higher frequency and higher titers of iga-rf were found in sjogren syndrome patients.
our results demonstrate a continuous development of the cysts from a sjogren-like cystic lymphoepithelial lesion of parotid glands.
involvement of myoepithelial cells-postulated in comparable sjogren-associated duct lesions-is excluded immunohistochemically.
"\"ss-a/ro autoantibodies are detected in high frequency in patients with subacute cutaneous lupus, neonatal lupus, systemic lupus erythematosus, and sjogren syndrome.
"\"in sjogren's syndrome, salivary glands are affected, resulting in a diminished salivary flow.
in the present study, the protein composition, sialic acid content and the amounts of calcium and phosphate of stimulated whole saliva from 43 patients with sjogren's syndrome, were compared with those of control saliva samples from 17 healthy subjects.
the absolute concentrations of albumin, cystatin c, cystatin s, total iga and total protein, but not amylase, were increased significantly in both primary and secondary sjogren's syndrome.
the output/min of total protein, albumin, amylase, and iga was, however, decreased in sjogren patients.
these results suggest that the diminished output of salivary defence factors, rather than their absolute concentrations, may be related to the oral health problems seen in sjogren's syndrome patients.\""
high titers of anti-plasminogen autoantibodies of the iga class were also found in sera from patients with systemic lupus erythematosus and sjogren syndrome.
the roentgen differential diagnosis of warthin tumor from the aggressive benign tumor and sjogren syndrome is discussed.'"
"\"we describe 2 patients with a sjogren-like syndrome apparently secondary to hypertriglyceridemia.
our findings suggest aggressive treatment of hyperlipidemia in pseudo-sjogren's syndrome may result in amelioration of musculoskeletal and parotid symptoms.\""
therefore, we hypothesize the possibility of a sjogren-related renal disease in these patients.
"\"we studied the sera of 15 patients with sjogren's syndrome using the western blot technique for the presence of anti-ro and anti-hu (type 1 antineuronal nuclear autoantibody [anna-1]).
two of the sjogren sera reacted with 38-kd bands on western blots of rat cerebellar homogenate, resembling anti-hu immunoreactivity.
some ichthyoses can be recognized on routine hematoxylin and eosin staining (bullous ichthyosiform erythroderma, netherton's syndrome, and neutral lipid storage disease); some forms require frozen sections to demonstrate fat (neutral lipid storage disease) or enzyme activity (sjogren-larsson syndrome).
"'the influence of sjogren syndrome (ss) on pulmonary function impairment in rheumatoid arthritis (ra) patients has been few studied.
"\"silicon, in the form of sodium silicate (na2sio3), adsorbed onto bovine serum albumin (bsa)-precoated plates served as the solid-phase antigen in an enzyme immunoassay to detect silicate-reactive antibodies in the plasma of 40 symptomatic women with silicone breast implants, 91 asymptomatic women with silicone breast implants, 50 healthy control women, and 52 women with rheumatic diseases and without silicone breast implants, silicate-reactive antibodies of immunoglobulin g (igg) or igm isotypes were detected in the plasma of 30% (12 of 40) of the symptomatic women with silicone breast implants; 9% (8 of 91) of the asymptomatic women with silicone breast implants; 5% (1 of 20) of the women without implants who had systemic lupus erythematosus; and 0% (0 of 32) of the women without implants who had either sjogren syndrome, scleroderma, or rheumatoid arthritis.
proliferation, measured by the percentage of epidermal cells in sg2m-phase of the cell cycle, was increased in darier's disease, lamellar ichthyosis, congenital bullous ichthyotic erythroderma of brocq and the comel-netherton syndrome, whereas normal proliferation was found in autosomal dominant ichthyosis vulgaris, x-linked recessive ichthyosis, keratosis pilaris, ichthyosis bullosa of siemens and the sjogren-larsson syndrome.
the advised management is irradiation, except for sjogren syndrome, an initially inflammatory lacrimal gland blh, where a course of steroid is suggested before considering radiotherapy.
in contrast, cln3, the gene for juvenile ncl (batten or spielmeyer-vogt-sjogren disease) is not a previously known gene, nor does its product display homology to any previously described proteins.
in 22 of these 45 cases, a biopsy of the secondary salivary glands showed the presence of lymphoplasmocytoid infiltrations comparable to the glandular changes that occur with gougerot-sjogren syndrome.
"'thirty-seven lip biopsies of minor salivary glands from patients with suspected sjogren syndrome (ss) and no other known disease were studied.
nevertheless, it is hard to differentiate ms from some other ms-mimicking diseases, for example cns sjogren disease and antiphospholipid antibody syndrome.
the data for the association between hcv infection and the sjogren syndrome, lichen planus, and idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis remain weak.
underlying diseases included microscopic polyarteritis in 6 patients, idiopathic crescentic glomerulonephritis with lung hemorrhage in 2 patients, idiopathic glomerulonephritis in 3 patients, rapidly progressive glomerulonephritic syndrome without renal biopsy in 1 patient, crescentic glomerulonephritis associated with sjogren syndrome and progressive systemic sclerosis in 1 patient and crescentic glomerulonephritis associated with sarcoidosis in 1 patient.
si-associated ctd was characterized by the frequency of radiologic lung fibrosis, impaired pulmonary function tests, secondary sjogren syndrome, and antinuclear antibodies.
we did not find any significant relationship between diffusing capacity and smoking habits, advancement of liver disease and concomitant sjogren syndrome.
as for sjogren syndrome, ti changes and renal tubular acidosis are the prominent features of the disease.
another has primary sjogren syndrome with distal renal tubular acidosis, which occurs rarely with hypokalemic periodic paralysis in children.
"'haplotype analysis in a collaborative collection of 143 families with juvenile-onset neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis (jncl) or batten (spielmeyer-vogt-sjogren) disease has permitted refined localization of the disease gene, cln3, which was assigned to chromosome 16 in 1989.
patients consisted of 30 cases of systemic lupus erythematosus, 19 of rheumatoid arthritis, 9 of mixed connective tissue disease, 8 of systemic sclerosis, 3 of polymyositis, 13 of sjogren syndrome, 1 of unclassified connective tissue disease.
"'a human cdna expression library was used to investigate the nature of molecules recognized by serum from a patient with sjogren syndrome that exhibits a mixed immunofluorescence pattern and reacts with multiple components on an immunoblot.
at least 25% of our anti-ro(ss-a) antibody positive patients demonstrated a dynamic change in clinical presentation with the development of sjogren syndrome and/or a progressive \"rheumatoid-like\" arthritis.
there was no sign of a gougerot-sjogren syndrome nor of a felty syndrome.
biopsy of the labial minor salivary glands showed a gougerot-sjogren syndrome in 71% of the cases.
the diagnostic possibilities of infectious endocarditis and collagen diseases, such as sjogren syndrome, were reasonably ruled out by the appropriate examinations.
to determine whether populations of amniotic fluid cells reflect genetic conditions, we surveyed the population of amniotic fluid cells from 36 fetuses at 16-21 weeks estimated gestational age at risk for junctional epidermolysis bullosa, recessive dystrophic epidermolysis bullosa, epidermolysis bullosa dowling-meara, harlequin ichthyosis, lamellar ichthyosis (nonbullous congenital ichthyosiform erythroderma), or sjogren-larson syndrome.
to elucidate the relation between the infection and sjogren's syndrome, seroepidemiological and virological studies were conducted on patients with this syndrome in nagasaki prefecture, japan, an area heavily endemic for htlv-1.
the htlv-1 seroprevalence rate among the patients with sjogren's syndrome (17/74, 23%) was significantly higher than that among blood donors (916/27,284, 3%), whereas the difference between patients with systemic lupus erythematosus and blood donors was insignificant.
moreover, among sjogren's syndrome patients the seroprevalence was high irrespective of age, unlike that among blood donors, which rose with age.
titres of serum antibodies in the htlv-1 seropositive patients with sjogren's syndrome were similar to those among patients with htlv-1-associated myelopathy/tropical spastic paraparesis (ham/tsp) and significantly higher than those among healthy carriers.
igm class antibodies were commonly detected in the serum of patients with sjogren's syndrome.
however, unlike that in ham/tsp patients, the viral load in peripheral-blood mononuclear cells was not necessarily high in the seropositive sjogren syndrome group.
salivary iga antibodies to htlv-1 were common among seropositive patients with sjogren's syndrome (5/7), which might be due to increased viral activity in the salivary glands.
the findings strongly suggest that htlv-1 is involved in the pathogenesis of the disease in a subset of patients with sjogren's syndrome in endemic areas.\""
from april 1989 to 1991 (2 years), a study was made on sjogren syndrome (primary and secondary) of multiple character with the particular co-operation of the portuguese institute of rheumatology.
eighty cases of suspected sjogren's syndrome have been assessed, 66 of which have been fully.
in spite of sjogren's syndrome being, up to now, so remotely determined in connection with the treatment, these patients need medical care and stomatology plays a fundamental role as far as the diagnosis and the therapeutic points of view are concerned.
"\"sjogren's syndrome is a systemic disorder with unknown etiology, displaying many signs of autoimmunity.
using a shuttle vector plasmid, we here show that the number of vectors with multiple base changes in a marker gene was reduced in b cell lines from two patients with sjogren's syndrome (8% in both), as compared with values reported for cell lines from normal human donors (16-27%).
this finding suggests that a reduction of the rate of somatic mutagenesis may influence the development of symptoms in sjogren patients.\""
"\"antibodies against the golgi complex (gc) were found by indirect immunofluorescence microscopy in the serum of two patients with sclerodermia and sjogren syndrome.
"\"to establish the relation between hla antigens, primary sjogren syndrome (pss) and autoantibodies production, in our geographical area, we undertook a case-control study with a consecutive sample of 30 patients with pss (fox's criteria) attending in a reference hospital.
the incidence and manifestation forms of lung changes show certain differences dependent on the underlying illness (e.g., rheumatoid arthritis, systemic lupus erythematosus, progressive systemic scleroderma, dermatomyositis and polymyositis, sjogren syndrome, and mixed connective tissue disease).
diluted sera from 13 patients with wg, 15 with sjogren syndrome, 1 with polymorphic reticulosis, 3 with relapsing polychondritis, 4 with other collagen diseases, 4 with sinusitis and 18 healthy donors were examined.
both mother and infant were positive for sjogren syndrome a+b antibodies (ss-a[ro] and ss-b[la]) as well as having high titres of antinuclear antibody (ana).
three main childhood subtypes are recognized: infantile (haltia-santavuori disease; mim 256743), late infantile (jansky-bielschowsky disease; mim 204500), and juvenile (spielmeyer-sjogren-vogt, or batten, disease; mim 204200).
secondary blepharospasm occurred in: peripheral facial palsy (one patient), herpes zoster infection of the trigeminal nerve (2), brain infarct (1), use of neuroleptics (2), progressive supranuclear palsy (2), shy-drager syndrome (1), kernicterus (1), and morbus sjogren (4).
c4a gene deletion was associated with subacute cutaneous lupus erythematosus (p = 0.04) and sjogren syndrome (p = 0.02) in patients with sle.
a sjogren-type sicca syndrome, cataracts and a microvasculopathy with cotton wool spots are associated with total body irradiation and the immunosuppression needed in bmt.
several rheumatological syndromes have been associated with hiv infection such as reiter's syndrome and other reactive arthritides, undifferentiated spondylarthropathy, but also hla-b27-negative oligoarthritis, myopathy, sjogren-like syndrome and vasculitis.
"'to evaluate the usefulness of magnetic resonance imaging (mri) enhanced with gadolinium-dtpa (gd-dtpa) for the detection of the inflamed synovium and for the evaluation of the response to therapy in rheumatoid arthritis, we studied 49 patients with rheumatoid arthritis (ra) according to the 1987 revised criteria of american rheumatism association (ara), 6 patients of systemic lupus erythematosus (sle) complicated by arthritis, 3 patients of osteoarthritis (oa), 2 patients of sjogren syndrome, 2 patients of progressive systemic sclerosis and 10 healthy volunteers as an age matched control.
rf are present in the blood and synovial fluid of most patients with rheumatoid arthritis, and are also commonly detected in sjogren syndrome and other autoimmune diseases, in chronic infectious diseases such a viral hepatitis and subacute bacterial endocarditis, and even in healthy individuals at low titers.
among them, 2 patients had leukemia/lymphoma and one had sjogren syndrome.
clinical sialograms of 18 patients with normal results, 12 patients with parotitis, and 5 patients with sjogren syndrome were preliminarily analyzed by the histogram method and four representative parameters of the histogram.
these disorders include x-linked ichthyosis, lamellar ichthyosis, sjogren-larsson syndrome, kid syndrome, refsum's disease, neutral lipid storage disease, chondrodysplasia punctata, and richner-hanhart syndrome.
the former was considered to be an idiopathic incomplete form and the latter was a secondary complete form associated with sjogren syndrome.
htlv-i-specific cd8+ ctl lines established from two htlv-i carriers with htlv-i-associated myelopathy or sjogren syndrome were previously demonstrated to kill predominantly the target cells expressing htlv-i tax.
"'presentation of a case of sjogren syndrome associated to urinary lithiasis.
"'the incidence of anticardiolipin (acl) antibodies in connective tissue disorders other than systemic lupus was investigated in 113 subjects: 68 had rheumatoid arthritis, 23 primary sjogren syndrome and 22 had systemic sclerosis.
one developed dermatomyositis with lung fibrosis, and the other developed cutaneous lupus and a sjogren-like syndrome.
"'a clinical case of a 55-year-old man with syndrome of primary sjogren, seronegative, normoglobulinemic and normocomplementary with 7 years of evolution, which developed acute lymphoblastic leukemia, having suffered recurrent lympho-adenopathy and paresthetic meralgia as previous clinical signs, is presented.
"'a case of sweet syndrome associated with sjogren syndrome is reported.
analysis of the ductal patterns in sialograms by this method indicated that the fractal dimensions were significantly different between normal parotids and parotids with sjogren syndrome.
"'in the present study, we showed that both male and female nonobese diabetic (nod) mice simultaneously develop frequent lymphocyte infiltrations in salivary submandibular glands (sialadenitis), very similar to those reported in the salivary glands of patients with sjogren syndrome.
2-5% of patients display auto-immune symptoms such as sjogren syndrome, raynaud phenomenon and crest syndrome.
three main childhood sub-types occur: infantile (haltia-santavouri disease, locus cln1), late-infantile (jansky-bielschowsky disease, locus cln2) and juvenile (spielmeyer-sjogren-vogt, batten disease, locus cln3).
the postoperative diagnoses were rheumatoid arthritis in 19 cases, sjogren syndrome in one, seronegative spondyloarthropathy in 4, gouty arthritis in one, tuberculous arthritis in one, pigmented villous nodular synovitis in two, undefined synovitis in 5, osteoarthritis in 8 and nonsynovitis conditions in 5.
as the fao deficiency in faa.1 cells appears to be identical to the defect associated with the human genetic disorder sjogren-larsson syndrome, the faa.1 cell line may be useful in studying this disease.'"
malignant lymphomas developing in patients with other autoimmune diseases such as sjogren syndrome and rheumatoid arthritis have also been reported to be b-cell derived.
the rheumatic disease controls (rheumatoid arthritis; primary sjogren syndrome; n = 8) exhibited a mean 72%, 124%, and 85%, respectively, of phosphorylation observed in healthy t cells.
examples are primary biliary cirrhosis, crohn's disease, coeliac disease, whipple's disease, tass (thyrotoxicosis, addison, sjogren, sarcoidosis) as lymphomas and inflammatory diseases (tuberculosis).
they are found in serum of patients suffering from sjogren syndrome (70% of the cases) and systemic lupus erythematosus (sle, about 20%).
"\"biopsies from 60 patients with sjogren's disease and syndrome are studied.
the differences are detected in the degree of the digestion organs involvement as well as in the cell composition of inflammatory infiltrate in the subacute and chronic sjogren disease.
the lack of the connective tissue changes typical for the rheumatic diseases prevents the inclusion of sjogren's syndrome into this group of diseases.\""
diagnoses in the patients included gout in seven; sjogren syndrome in two; medullary sponge kidney in two; primary aldosteronism in two; and lesch-nyhan syndrome, hyperparathyroidism, glycogen storage disease type xi, wilson disease, and pseudo-bartter syndrome in one each.
anti-rib.ab could be found in systemic lupus erythematosus (sle), rheumatoid arthritis (ra) and other connective tissue diseases (progressive systemic sclerosis, pss; sjogren syndrome, sjs; mixed connective tissue disease, mctd; and dermatomyositis, dm with the frequencies 41.7%, 54.6% and 33%, respectively.
in this work, we have measured aca, by elisa test, in 194 serum samples: 97 sle patients, 5 mixed connective tissue disease (mctd), 8 progressive systemic sclerosis (pss), 7 dermato/polymyositis (d pm), 3 sjogren syndrome (ss), 3 unclassifiable connective tissue disease (uctd), 9 rheumatoid arthritis (ra), 1 idiopathic anticardiolipin syndrome, 19 cases of miscellanea, 42 healthy controls.
this report describes the clinical course and therapy of a patient with a history of sjogren syndrome who developed well-differentiated lymphocytic lymphoma associated with prca and severe hemolytic anemia.
survivors included three patients associated with thyroid disease, one with liver cirrhosis, and one with the sjogren syndrome.
in comparison to other symptoms which are characteristic for the presence of a sjogren syndrome, an average sensitivity and high specifity could be ascribed to the test for the evidence of a functional disturbance of the salivary glands.'"
these changes are typical of sjogren disease.
the subjects used were 16 patients with sle, 22 with iga nephropathy, 8 with membranoproliferative glomerulonephritis, 8 with membranous nephropathy, 6 with minimal change nephrotic syndrome, and 2 each with ra, pss, dm, sjogren syndrome, pn, mctd and overlap syndrome, respectively.
among them, 126 patients were of sle, 27 systemic sclerosis, 40 rheumatoid arthritis, 40 sjogren syndrome, 26 other connective tissue diseases, 7 syphilis and 32 with obstetric complications.
"'a case of necrotizing sarcoid-like granulomatous vasculitis (nsgv) in a female with liver cirrhosis (probably of virus etiology) complicated with systemic manifestations (skin vasculitis, syndromes of raynaud and sjogren).
we report the case of a 30 year old woman, coming from the peruvian amazon with psc associated with sjogren syndrome, chronic pancreatitis and retroperitoneal fibrosis, without colonic involvement.
all mothers of fetuses with isolated complete heart block had evidence of circulating syndrome sjogren a antibody (ro).
"'ro, or sjogren syndrome type a (ss-a), antigen is the most prevalent of the human systemic autoimmune specificities and exists as an inabundant ribonucleoprotein complex (rnp) composed of a 60,649-da protein, as defined here by cdna cloning, and the human y rnas.
"'autoimmune thyroid disease associated to sjogren syndrome (ss) may be defined by serological and functional abnormalities.
no patient presented any indications of overlapping sign with sclerodermia, polymyositis or gougerot-sjogren syndrome which are usually associated to a nuclear fluorescence of nucleolar type.
two dogs had antibodies to extractable nuclear antigen, notably 1 dog had antibodies to smith (sm) antigen and 1 had antibodies to sjogren syndrome a (ssa) antigen.
"\"the presence of autoantibodies in rheumatoid arthritis (ra) and primary sjogren' syndrome (ss) is a feature of these diseases.
histological examination revealed sjogren type of lympho-epithelial infiltration in the parotid and salivary glands.
peripheral neuropathy is discussed in the context of the gougerot-sjogren syndrome, associated with cryoglobins in the blood.
anas are more generally observed in vasculitis associated with systemic lupus erythematosus (sle) (15 positive sera/16 vasculitis associated with sle = 94%), rheumatoid arthritis (ra) (8 positive/30 ra with vasculitis = 27%), or a sjogren syndrome (ss) (9 positive/19 vasculitis with ss = 47%).
the clinical picture of the patients in the present family strongly deviated from that seen in the sjogren-larsson syndrome found in the same area.
"\"a possible correlation between break-up time (but) and blink frequency was investigated in 32 healthy persons (17 females and 15 males) and in 29 patients suffering from primary sjogren's syndrome (27 females and 2 males).
the sjogren patients, the blink frequency is high, and tear fluid breaks are mostly prevented.\""
however, using a four-stage solid-phase radioimmunoassay, the 216-5 idiotope (minor), but not the 49-3 idiotope (private), was frequently present at a low concentration on polyclonal igm rfs from patients suffering from rheumatoid arthritis, primary sjogren syndromes, various infectious diseases, systemic vasculitis, and sarcoidosis and during aging.
those two lesions, occur under a context of disfunction, and they could be associated to a gougerot-sjogren (gs) syndrome.
in whites, patients with late-onset sle (age at diagnosis greater than or equal to 50 years) had significantly lower frequencies of nephritis and mesenteric vasculitis but, on the other hand, a higher frequency of secondary sjogren syndrome than patients with age at diagnosis less than or equal to 22 years.
in addition, the gvh f1 mice showed pathologic symptoms reminiscent of other collagen vascular diseases, including the following: 1) a sjogren-like salivary gland lesion, 2) lesions resembling sclerosing cholangitis, 3) scleroderma-like skin lesion, and 4) immune-complex glomerulonephritis.
2 patients had concomitant diffuse lung fibrosis, sclerotic plaques of the skin and sjogren-like syndrome.
"\"42 bone marrow biopsies (bmb) were done in 34 patients with angio-immunoblastic lymphadenopathy (ail), 3 of them associated with gougerot-sjogren syndrome.
the different histopathological and evolutive aspects of the following are successively studied: angio-immunoblastic lymphadenopathy; the association of adenopathy with kaposi\\'s sarcoma; the syndrome of epidemic immune deficiency of t cells (acquired immune deficiency syndrome; frequent in homosexuals; the gougerot-sjogren syndrome; adenopathy due to medicaments; and the lymphomatoid granulomatosis of liebow.
in one case pss was associated with polymyositis, one patient presented bilateral recurrent cornea ulcerations, (sjogren syndrome++) and one patient numerous skin ulcerations.
counterimmunoelectrophoresis showed the highest sensitivity and specificity for the detection and differentiation of antibodies against ribonucleoproteins (rnp), nuclear glycoprotein (sm) and antibodies, which occur in sicca (sjogren) syndrome (ss-b, ha).
"\"under the heading of patterned dystrophies of the central pigment epithelium have been included, in some recent publications, the reticular and macroreticular dystrophies described respectively by sjogren and mesker et al.
this recurrence, demonstrated by arterial biopsy, was accompanied with sjogren disease proven upon histological examination.
"'the authors report a case of the gougerot-sjogren syndrome with rheumatoid arthritis, of particular interest because of lymphocytic proliferation.
a few cases appeared as a complication of a preexisting dysimmune disease (pigeon breeder's disease, gougerot-sjogren disease, liebow's lymphomatoid granulomatosis).\""
three of the six had sjogren syndrome; one of these also had acanthosis nigricans.
chronic dryness of the mouth can in most instances be attributed today to disturbed innervation of the salivary glands (antidepressive and antihypertensive drugs) and to diseases of the salivary glands (sjogren syndrome, irradiation).
the co-existence of a gougerot-sjogren syndrome was confirmed clinically by the presence of a xerostomia, and radiologically by suggestive signs after a parotid sialogram.
the authors emphasize that no lesions occurred in the hematopoietic organs during the course of the disease, which clearly differentiates this case from the parotid lesions seen fairly frequently in blood diseases and gougerot-sjogren syndromes complicated by lymphoid leukemia.\""
macroreticular and butterfly shaped dystrophies are probably similar diseases, they form altogether with the reticular dystrophies (sjogren) the group of the patterned dystrophies of the retinal pigment epithelium.'"
the gougerot-sjogren syndrome is sometimes found, but it is not one of the fundamental signs : its existence, however, has enabled progress to be made during research into the auto-immune physiopathology of lupus disease.'"
by the example of sjogren syndrome, the possibility of the development of the salivary glands diseases associated with disorders in the neuroendocrine and immune systems has been demonstrated.'"
they feel that, apart from sjogren-goygerot's syndrome, all patients with parotiditis, even non-specific, should be examined systematically to exclude the possibility of a latent sarcoidosis.\""
"'the ultrastructure of autofluorescent residual bodies in the jansky-bielschowsky and spielmeyer-sjogren types of neuronal ceroid-lipofuscinoses (ncl) is variegated though the curvilinear profiles encompass the basic pattern.
"'specimens of brachial plexus, sural nerve and two cranial nerves of one patient with jansky-bielschowsky type and 3 patients with the spielmeyer-sjogren type of ncl were studied by electron microscopy.
populations in which the t-cell system can mature without interference show a trend towards diseases in which excessive t-cell response plays a major role, as for instance rheumatoid arthritis, sjogren syndrome, terminal ileitis, autoimmune angiopathies, multiple sclerosis and possibly also disseminated lupus erythematodes.'"
the isoelectric subfractions of peroxidase in controls and patients with late-infantile (jansky-bielschowsky), juvenile (spielmeyer-sjogren) and adult (kufs) types of neuronal ceroid-lipofuscinosis did not reveal any significant differences.
immune-complex nephritis was observed in the second patient who also had sjogren syndrome.
the nearside gravity map resolves major mascon basins and, in general, is in excellent agreemnent with the results of muller and sjogren.
the relationship between this lesion and autoimmune diseases, including sjogren syndrome, is noted.
the syndrome is thought to be previously undescribed, though it has resemblances to marinesco-sjogren and marfan's syndromes.\""
the list of disorders that accompany cryoglobulinaemia includes multiple myeloma, waldenstr\u00f6m's disease, idiopathic glomerulonephritis, and, in particular, autoimmune diseases, such as the sjogren syndrome and disseminated lupus erythematosus.
four varieties--ichthyosiform erythroderma, lamellar ichthyosis, refsum's syndrome and the sjogren-larsson syndrome--are inherited as autosomal recessive traits.
after excluding several syndromes, i.e., peroxisomal disorders, mevalonic acidaemia, and marinesco-sjogren syndrome, it is concluded that this girl had severe smith-lemli-opitz syndrome (slos) with exceptionally long survival.
sjogren-larsson syndrome and other known ichthyosis syndromes were excluded because of the difference in localization of skin lesions, skin manifestations, lack of papillomatosis, the nature and severity of neurologic symptoms and marked electroencephalographic abnormalities.'"
htlv-i-associated myelopathy/tropical spastic paraparesis patients often also showed other organ disorders such as leukoencephalopathy (69%), abnormal findings on chest x-ray (50%), sjogren syndrome (25%) and arthropathy (17%).
"'the gene for batten disease (juvenile-onset neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis, or spielmeyer-sjogren disease), cln3, maps to 16p11.2-12.1.
in g1 the following causes were identified in 78 children: cough variant asthma 41 (52%), asthma+upper respiratory tract infections 8 (10%), asthma+lower respiratory tract infections 6 (7%), postnasal drip syndrome (sinusitis, adenoiditis) 5 (6%), psychogenic 6 (7%), undetermined 4 (5%), gastroesophageal reflux 2, asthma+cigarette 2, aids 1, sjogren syndrome 1, vascular ring 1, cricopharyngeal foreign body 1.
we measured the serum levels of ca125 and ca19-9 in our case of pss with pleuritis, 27 female patients with collagen diseases including sle, pss, dermatomyositis and sjogren syndrome, and 11 normal females as controls.
"\"we report a 28-year-old japanese with klinefelter's syndrome who developed mixed connective disease (mctd) and sjogren syndrome.
three patients had tuberculosis, one sjogren syndrome, one aortitis syndrome, one malignant lymphoma.
the rimmed vacuole formation may be a crucial pathologic findings to understand the pathogenesis of inclusion body myositis (ibm), distal myopathy with rimmed vacuole formation (dmrv), marinesco-sjogren syndrome and oculopharyngodistal myopathy, because the muscle fibers in these biopsies showed no striking necrotic and denervating changes.
of the ultrasound equipment is adequate and the examiner has enough experience in small-parts ultrasonography, application of conventional x-ray methods should be limited to confirmation of ultrasonographic suspicion of sialolithiasis or tumor-erosion of adjacent bone, especially the mandible (plain films), further imaging of extra- and intraglandular salivary duct abnormalities in chronic inflammatory salivary gland disease, and demonstrating salivary gland involvement in special entities, such as sialadenosis (pseudo)cystica in sjogren-syndrome by sialography.'"
the patient was suspected to have systemic lupus erythematosus (sle) or sjogren syndrome, but a lymph node biopsy revealed the plasma cell type of castleman's disease.
in patients with autoimmune diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis, systemic lupus erythematosus, sjogren syndrome, progressive systemic sclerosis, and mixed connective tissue disease, the scd23 levels were significantly higher than those in normal individuals.
she was diagnosed as having sjogren syndrome by results of sialography and serological studies, and moreover, it was also observed that the c1 inhibitor (c1-inh) activity in her plasma was very low during these episodes of urticarial erythema.
marinesco-sjogren syndrome.
"'the authors present the results of local use of cyclosporin solution in 6 patients with corneal ulcerations occurring in sjogren disease, rheumatic disease and after corneal transplantation.
among these, there were 69 cases of chronic rheumatoid arthritis (ra), 39 progressive systemic sclerosis (pss), 24 systemic lupus erythematosus (sle), 12 dermatomyositis-polymyositis (dm-pm), 12 mixed connective tissue disease (mctd), 11 sjogren syndrome (ss), 9 beh\u00e7et's disease (bd) and 6 unclassified connective tissue disease (uctd).
these are the following syndromes: palindromic rheumatism, polymyalgic rheumatoid arthritis, sjogren-syndrome with rheumatoid arthritis, acute symmetric polyarthritis with pitting edema of elderly people.
there are roughly three patterns of late-onset ra: a classical form which resembles typical adult-onset ra; a limited, fairly mild form in which gougerot-sjogren syndrome often coexists; and a form in which the shoulders and hips are involved first.
"'various profiles of serum hbv markers (hbsag) were identified in 16 patients, markers of active replication in 4 patients (hbeag, 2 cases; hbcab igm, 1 case; hbcab igm and hbsag igm, 1 case) out of 22 patients with sjogren disease (sd) having serum hbv markers and systemic manifestations.
"'the authors study the possible involvement of retrovirus in sjogren\\'s syndrome.
they report a preliminary study of 20 french and 13 ecuadorian patients with a primary sjogren syndrome.
gougerot-sjogren syndrome was present in 13.6% of patients.
the clinical signs integrate the observations with the marinescu-sjogren syndrome.
these include scleroderma or lupus erythematosus-like skin lesions, a sjogren-like sicca syndrome, cholestatic liver disease and a variety of serological autoimmune phenomena.
three patients had melas syndrome, 7 marinesco-sjogren syndrome, and 2 kearns-sayre syndrome.
sera of patients with multiple sclerosis (19 out of 65, 29%), progressive systemic sclerosis (4 out of 17, 23%), systemic lupus erythematosus (4 out of 19, 21%), and sjogren syndrome (2 out of 19, 10%) contained significantly higher hres-1 peptide binding activity than sera of normal donors.
in this review the most frequent inborn errors of metabolism with retinal degeneration are discussed including abetalipoproteinaemia, classical refsum disease, neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis, hydroxydicarboxylic aciduria, sjogren-larsson syndrome, infantile refsum disease, kearns-sayre syndrome and gyrate atrophy.
these p-anca anti-mpo are more frequent with renal angiitis but p-anca (anti-mpo negative) are associated with other diseases without renal failure (rheumatoid arthritis, gougerot-sjogren and ulceritis colitis).'"
"'sjogren syndrome is an autoimmune, mostly benign disorder characterized by functional impairment of exocrine glands, especially of the salivary and lacrimal glands.
among them were 31 patients with primary glomerulonephritis (gn) without nephrotic syndrome, 8 with nephrotic syndrome, 10 with various renal diseases in the azotemic stage, 3 in the uremic stage and 4 with type i renal tubular acidosis (rta) due to sjogren syndrome.
"\"neurological diseases, such as multiple sclerosis (ms), sjogren-larsson syndrome, reye's syndrome, and refsum's syndrome (herediopathica atactica polyneuroformis), and many others afflict millions of persons yearly and have no successful treatment available.
etiologies, including a discussion of the sjogren syndrome, will also be presented.'"
nodules and sjogren syndrome occurred fairly frequently (in 7 of 16 and 6 of 13 cases examined, respectively), but concordance within pairs was no higher than that expected by chance.
on the other hand, as also proposed for sjogren syndrome, the presence of hiv-1 or its antigens, established through cell-cultures or direct blood detection, should be considered as exclusion criteria for sle diagnosis.'"
"'systemic diseases such as scleroderma (sci), rheumatoid polyarthritis (pr), gougerot-sjogren syndrome (gs) have a well known propensity for the lungs.
in the recessively inherited sjogren-larsson syndrome, defined by the triad of ichthyosis, mental retardation, and spasticity, fatty alcohol:nad+ oxidoreductase deficiency has recently been reported.
nonmalignant swelling may be caused by mumps, sialadenitis, sjogren syndrome, cysts and infections.
the cellular analysis of the bronchoalveolar lavage enabled two types of latent alveolitis to be identified: a lymphocytic alveolitis is very frequent during the course of extra-thoracic sarcoidosis, crohn's disease, primary biliary cirrhosis, sjogren-gougerot syndrome, acute systemic lupus erythematosus and rheumatoid disease.
this pathology resembles sjogren's syndrome, a disease of presumed autoimmune aetiology, features of which are sometimes reported in htlv-1 associated conditions.
mice with an htlv-1 tax transgene might be a useful model for studying the development of sjogren-syndrome-like pathology.\""
ophthalmic examination revealed evidence of a sjogren-like syndrome in 20% autologous and 47% allogeneic patients, suggesting that the development of dry eyes post-bmt is not uniquely a feature of cgvhd.'"
the clinical diagnosis were cerebellar type (5), spinocerebellar type (1), one marinesco-sjogren syndrome and undetermined type (1).
these are described in systemic lupus erythematosus, juvenile rheumatoid arthritis, dermatomyositis, scleroderma, mixed connective tissue disease, beh\u00e7et syndrome, sjogren syndrome.'"
"'in 2 patients the finding of anti-ro antibodies led to the diagnosis of sjogren syndrome, which explained a succession of various autoimmune diseases, viz.
"'clinical and x-ray examination of parodont was performed in 35 patients with sjogren disease and 35 control patients.
the patient was diagnosed acute myelocytic leukemia and sjogren's syndrome.
it is sometimes reported that patients with sjogren's syndrome develop malignant lymphoma, but it is very rare that sjogren syndrome develop aml.\""
during this time 27% of patients showed a seropositivity; 22% of patients developed polyarthritis, 1 patient revealed a sjogren syndrome and 3 patients showed a spontaneous improvement.
"'sjogren-larsson syndrome is a rare disorder of childhood characterized by ichthyosis, mental retardation, and spastic paraplegia.
