17DD Yellow Fever Revaccination and Heightened Long-Term Immunity in Populations of Disease-Endemic Areas, Brazil.
A yellow flag on the horizon: The looming threat of yellow fever to North America.
Wild-Type Yellow Fever Virus RNA in Cerebrospinal Fluid of Child.
Development and Clinical Evaluation of a Rapid Diagnostic Test for Yellow Fever Non-Structural Protein 1.
Duration of post-vaccination immunity to yellow fever in volunteers eight years after a dose-response study.
The Role of NS5 Protein in Determination of Host Cell Range for Yellow Fever Virus.
[Prescription of Yellow Fever Vaccine: The Experience of the International Vaccination Centre of the Loures-Odivelas Health Centre Group].
Outbreak of yellow fever in central and southwestern Uganda, February-may 2016.
[Yellow fever in Brazil: the importance of vaccination].
Yellow Fever Virus: Knowledge Gaps Impeding the Fight Against an Old Foe.
Sanger-based sequencing technology for yellow fever vaccine genetic quality control.
Need for additional capacity and improved capability for molecular detection of yellow fever virus in European Expert Laboratories: External Quality Assessment, March 2018.
Quantifying model evidence for yellow fever transmission routes in Africa.
Immunogenicity of Fractional-Dose Vaccine during a Yellow Fever Outbreak - Final Report.
Yellow Fever Virus: Diagnostics for a Persistent Arboviral Threat.
Kidney involvement in yellow fever: a review.
Four human diseases with significant public health impact caused by mosquito-borne flaviviruses: West Nile, Zika, dengue and yellow fever.
Sero-prevalence of yellow fever and related Flavi viruses in Ethiopia: a public health perspective.
Hepatitis Rebound after Infection with Yellow Fever Virus.
Phylogeny of Yellow Fever Virus, Uganda, 2016.
Identification of Dengue and Chikungunya Cases Among Suspected Cases of Yellow Fever in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Late or Lack of Vaccination Linked to Importation of Yellow Fever from Angola to China.
Heparin removal by ecteola-cellulose pre-treatment enables the use of plasma samples for accurate measurement of anti-Yellow fever virus neutralizing antibodies.
Development of a Real-Time Reverse Transcription-PCR Assay for Global Differentiation of Yellow Fever Virus Vaccine-Related Adverse Events from Natural Infections.
Anterior and Intermediate Uveitis Following Yellow Fever Vaccination with Fractional Dose: Case Reports.
Yellow fever in two unvaccinated French tourists to Brazil, January and March, 2018.
A qualitatively validated mathematical-computational model of the immune response to the yellow fever vaccine.
Estimating the number of unvaccinated Chinese workers against yellow fever in Angola.
Japanese encephalitis virus/yellow fever virus chimera is safe and confers full protection against yellow fever virus in intracerebrally challenged mice.
Genomic and structural features of the yellow fever virus from the 2016-2017 Brazilian outbreak.
Yellow fever virus is susceptible to sofosbuvir both in vitro and in vivo.
The 17D-204 and 17DD yellow fever vaccines: an overview of major similarities and subtle differences.
Long-Term Protection After Fractional-Dose Yellow Fever Vaccination: Follow-up Study of a Randomized, Controlled, Noninferiority Trial.
Outbreak of Yellow Fever among Nonhuman Primates, Espirito Santo, Brazil, 2017.
Yellow fever in the diagnostics laboratory.
Seroepidemiology of Dengue, Zika, and Yellow Fever Viruses among Children in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Lineage-Specific Real-Time RT-PCR for Yellow Fever Virus Outbreak Surveillance, Brazil.
Yellow fever outbreak in Brazil: the puzzle of rapid viral spread and challenges for immunisation.
Analysis By Deep Sequencing of Discontinued Neurotropic Yellow Fever Vaccine Strains.
Genomic and epidemiological monitoring of yellow fever virus transmission potential.
Immunogenicity and Protection After Vaccination With a Modified Vaccinia Virus Ankara-Vectored Yellow Fever Vaccine in the Hamster Model.
Type III Interferon-Mediated Signaling Is Critical for Controlling Live Attenuated Yellow Fever Virus Infection <i>In Vivo</i>.
Importation of yellow fever into China: assessing travel patterns.
International travel between global urban centres vulnerable to yellow fever transmission.
International risk of yellow fever spread from the ongoing outbreak in Brazil, December 2016 to May 2017.
Detection of yellow fever virus genomes from four imported cases in China.
Urban yellow fever outbreak-Democratic Republic of the Congo, 2016: Towards more rapid case detection.
High Prevalence and Diversity of Hepatitis Viruses in Suspected Cases of Yellow Fever in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
Fatal Yellow Fever in Travelers to Brazil, 2018.
Development of multiplex real-time reverse-transcriptase polymerase chain reaction assay for simultaneous detection of Zika, dengue, yellow fever, and chikungunya viruses in a single tube.
Yellow fever in a traveller returning from Suriname to the Netherlands, March 2017.
Safety profile of fractional dosing of the 17DD Yellow Fever Vaccine among males and females: Experience of a community-based pharmacovigilance in Kinshasa, DR Congo.
Reemergence of yellow fever in Ethiopia after 50 years, 2013: epidemiological and entomological investigations.
Existing and potential infection risk zones of yellow fever worldwide: a modelling analysis.
Plant-Produced Subunit Vaccine Candidates against Yellow Fever Induce Virus Neutralizing Antibodies and Confer Protection against Viral Challenge in Animal Models.
Towards the risk of yellow fever transmission in Europe.
Yellow fever.
Yellow fever live attenuated vaccine: A very successful live attenuated vaccine but still we have problems controlling the disease.
Is a dose of 17D vaccine in the current context of Yellow Fever enough?
Immunogenicity and Safety of Yellow Fever Vaccine in Allogeneic Hematopoietic Stem Cell Transplant Recipients After Withdrawal of Immunosuppressive Therapy.
Epidemiological monitoring of the last outbreak of yellow fever in Brazil - An outlook from Portugal.
CHRONOVAC VOYAGEUR: A study of the immune response to yellow fever vaccine among infants previously immunized against measles.
Global yellow fever vaccination coverage from 1970 to 2016: an adjusted retrospective analysis.
Yellow fever vaccination - Once in a lifetime?
The Yellow Fever Vaccine Misadventure of 1942.
Access to yellow fever travel vaccination centres in England, Wales, and Northern Ireland: A geographical study.
Vaccination against yellow fever in French Guiana: The impact of educational level, negative beliefs and attitude towards vaccination.
Early molecular correlates of adverse events following yellow fever vaccination.
WHO position on the use of fractional doses - June 2017, addendum to vaccines and vaccination against yellow fever WHO: Position paper - June 2013.
CD4/CD8 Ratio and KT Ratio Predict Yellow Fever Vaccine Immunogenicity in HIV-Infected Patients.
Geographic patterns and environmental factors associated with human yellow fever presence in the Americas.
Yellow Fever-More a Policy and Planning Problem than a Biological One.
Yellow fever cases in French Guiana, evidence of an active circulation in the Guiana Shield, 2017 and 2018.
Evidence for multiple sylvatic transmission cycles during the 2016-2017 yellow fever virus outbreak, Brazil.
Metabolic perturbations and cellular stress underpin susceptibility to symptomatic live-attenuated yellow fever infection.
A randomised double-blind clinical trial of two yellow fever vaccines prepared with substrains 17DD and 17D-213/77 in children nine-23 months old.
[Anti-NMDAR encephalitis as a serious adverse event probably related to yellow fever vaccination].
Molecular determinants of Yellow Fever Virus pathogenicity in Syrian Golden Hamsters: one mutation away from virulence.
Spatio-temporal spillover risk of yellow fever in Brazil.
Spread of yellow fever virus outbreak in Angola and the Democratic Republic of the Congo 2015-16: a modelling study.
Lessons Learned from Emergency Response Vaccination Efforts for Cholera, Typhoid, Yellow Fever, and Ebola.
Is vaccinating monkeys against yellow fever the ultimate solution for the Brazilian recurrent epizootics?
Adaptive immune responses to booster vaccination against yellow fever virus are much reduced compared to those after primary vaccination.
Yellow fever cases in Asia: primed for an epidemic.
The seasonal influence of climate and environment on yellow fever transmission across Africa.
Single shot of 17D vaccine may not confer life-long protection against yellow fever.
Yellow Fever Outbreak - Kongo Central Province, Democratic Republic of the Congo, August 2016.
Yellow fever vaccine: worthy friend or stealthy foe?
Persistence of yellow fever virus-specific neutralizing antibodies after vaccination among US travellers.
What Controls the Acute Viral Infection Following Yellow Fever Vaccination?
Increased risk of yellow fever infections among unvaccinated European travellers due to ongoing outbreak in Brazil, July 2017 to March 2018.
Isolation and characterization of a Brazilian strain of yellow fever virus from an epizootic outbreak in 2009.
Determination of the spatial susceptibility to Yellow Fever using a multicriteria analysis.
Yellow fever in Brazil: Epidemiological aspects and implications for travelers.
Fractional dosing of yellow fever vaccine to extend supply: a modelling study.
Yellow Fever Vaccine for People Living With HIV Infection.
Yellow Fever Virus RNA in Urine and Semen of Convalescent Patient, Brazil.
Geographical distribution of the red howler monkey (Alouatta seniculus) and yellow fever in Colombia.
Yellow fever virus capsid protein is a potent suppressor of RNA silencing that binds double-stranded RNA.
Controversies over the scientific name of the principal mosquito vector of yellow fever virus - expediency versus validity.
Immunogenicity and safety of yellow fever vaccine in HIV-1-infected patients.
Aedes aegypti mosquitoes from Guadeloupe (French West Indies) are able to transmit yellow fever virus.
Experimental Adaptation of the Yellow Fever Virus to the Mosquito Aedes albopictus and Potential risk of urban epidemics in Brazil, South America.
Urine as Sample Type for Molecular Diagnosis of Natural Yellow Fever Virus Infections.
Yellow fever vaccination during treatment with infliximab in a patient with ulcerative colitis: A case report.
Resurgence of Yellow Fever in Angola, 2015-2016.
Yellow fever: profile of cases and factors associated with death in a hospital in the State of Rio de Janeiro, 2017-2018.
Questions regarding the safety and duration of immunity following live yellow fever vaccination.
Yellow fever vaccination and neurological complications.
Haemagogus leucocelaenus and Haemagogus janthinomys are the primary vectors in the major yellow fever outbreak in Brazil, 2016-2018.
A humanized monoclonal antibody neutralizes yellow fever virus strain 17D-204 in vitro but does not protect a mouse model from disease.
Yellow Fever in a Worker Returning to China from Angola, March 2016.
Molecular characterization of the 17D-204 yellow fever vaccine.
Modeling the elevated risk of yellow fever among travelers visiting Brazil, 2018.
Persistence of Yellow fever virus outside the Amazon Basin, causing epidemics in Southeast Brazil, from 2016 to 2018.
Detection and Molecular Characterization of Yellow Fever Virus, 2017, Brazil.
Addressing a Yellow Fever Vaccine Shortage - United States, 2016-2017.
Ultrasound-guided minimally invasive autopsy as a tool for rapid post-mortem diagnosis in the 2018 Sao Paulo yellow fever epidemic: Correlation with conventional autopsy.
An inactivated yellow fever 17DD vaccine cultivated in Vero cell cultures.
Severe yellow fever in Brazil: clinical characteristics and management.
Zika virus infection, associated microcephaly, and low yellow fever vaccination coverage in Brazil: is there any causal link?
[Ocular manifestations of emerging arboviruses: Dengue fever, Chikungunya, Zika virus, West Nile virus, and yellow fever (French translation of the article)].
First case of yellow fever vaccine-associated viscerotropic disease (YEL-AVD) in Hong Kong.
Inactivation of Dengue and Yellow Fever viruses by heme, cobalt-protoporphyrin IX and tin-protoporphyrin IX.
Vaccination coverage in the context of the emerging Yellow Fever threat in French Guiana.
Ocular manifestations of emerging arboviruses: Dengue fever, Chikungunya, Zika virus, West Nile virus, and yellow fever.
Liver Transplantation for Acute Liver Failure due to Yellow Fever: A Case Report.
Multi-epitope based vaccine against yellow fever virus applying immunoinformatics approaches.
[The fourth horseman: The yellow fever].
Vaccination with Replication Deficient Adenovectors Encoding YF-17D Antigens Induces Long-Lasting Protection from Severe Yellow Fever Virus Infection in Mice.
Epidemiological characteristics of yellow fever in Brazil, 2000-2012.
Guiding dengue vaccine development using knowledge gained from the success of the yellow fever vaccine.
Fractional dosing of yellow fever vaccine during shortages: perspective from Canada.
Modelling the large-scale yellow fever outbreak in Luanda, Angola, and the impact of vaccination.
Yellow fever virus: genetic and phenotypic diversity and implications for detection, prevention and therapy.
Yellow fever.
NMOSD triggered by yellow fever vaccination - An unusual clinical presentation with segmental painful erythema.
Yellow fever vaccination status and safety in hemodialysis patients.
Yellow Fever Virus Genotyping Tool and Investigation of Suspected Adverse Events Following Yellow Fever Vaccination.
Haemagogus leucocelaenus and Other Mosquitoes Potentially Associated With Sylvatic Yellow Fever In Cantareira State Park In the São Paulo Metropolitan Area, Brazil.
Yellow fever and Hajj: with all eyes on Zika, a familiar flavivirus remains a threat.
Rift Valley Fever Virus and Yellow Fever Virus in Urine: A Potential Source of Infection.
New approaches for the standardization and validation of a real-time qPCR assay using TaqMan probes for quantification of yellow fever virus on clinical samples with high quality parameters.
Vaccines and vaccination against yellow fever: WHO Position Paper, June 2013--recommendations.
Yellow fever.
Phylodynamics of Yellow Fever Virus in the Americas: new insights into the origin of the 2017 Brazilian outbreak.
T cell receptor alpha variable 12-2 bias in the immunodominant response to Yellow fever virus.
Combination of surveillance tools reveals that Yellow Fever virus can remain in the same Atlantic Forest area at least for three transmission seasons.
MEK/ERK activation plays a decisive role in yellow fever virus replication: implication as an antiviral therapeutic target.
Suspected YF-AND after yellow fever vaccination in Finland.
Yellow Fever in Angola and Beyond--The Problem of Vaccine Supply and Demand.
Comparative Analysis of B-Cell Receptor Repertoires Induced by Live Yellow Fever Vaccine in Young and Middle-Age Donors.
Yellow Fever Remains a Potential Threat to Public Health.
Adverse events following yellow fever immunization: Report and analysis of 67 neurological cases in Brazil.
Yellow fever risk assessment in the Central African Republic.
Animal models of yellow fever and their application in clinical research.
Persistent seropositivity for yellow fever in a previously vaccinated autologous hematopoietic stem cell transplantation recipient.
History of the discovery of the mode of transmission of yellow fever virus.
Safety Follow-up of a Dengue Vaccine When Administered Concomitantly with a Yellow Fever Vaccine in Healthy Toddlers in Colombia.
Observational study on immune response to yellow fever and measles vaccines in 9 to 15-month old children. Is it necessary to wait 4 weeks between two live attenuated vaccines?
Yellow Fever Vaccine Booster Doses: Recommendations of the Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices, 2015.
Adverse event reports following yellow fever vaccination, 2007-13.
Comparison of the PRNT and an immune fluorescence assay in yellow fever vaccinees receiving immunosuppressive medication.
Comparative study of adverse events after yellow fever vaccination between elderly and non-elderly travellers: questionnaire survey in Japan over a 1-year period.
Unpredictable checks of yellow fever vaccination certificates upon arrival in Tanzania.
Duration of post-vaccination immunity against yellow fever in adults.
Prevalence and titers of yellow fever virus neutralizing antibodies in previously vaccinated adults.
Notes from the Field: Investigation of Patients Testing Positive for Yellow Fever Viral RNA After Vaccination During a Mass Yellow Fever Vaccination Campaign - Angola, 2016.
Fractional-Dose Yellow Fever Vaccination - Advancing the Evidence Base.
Immature particles and capsid-free viral RNA produced by Yellow fever virus-infected cells stimulate plasmacytoid dendritic cells to secrete interferons.
Assessing the risk of autochthonous yellow fever transmission in Lazio, central Italy.
Molecular and immunological characterization of a DNA-launched yellow fever virus 17D infectious clone.
Commerce, conflict, and contamination: yellow fever in early-independence Veracruz in the US imaginary, 1821-1848.
Shortage of yellow fever vaccination: A travel medicine emergency for Chilean travellers.
Yellow Fever in Africa: estimating the burden of disease and impact of mass vaccination from outbreak and serological data.
Yellow fever, Asia and the East African slave trade.
Stepping up local efforts to stop global spread of yellow fever.
Internally Controlled, Multiplex Real-Time Reverse Transcription PCR for Dengue Virus and Yellow Fever Virus Detection.
The elderly, the young and the pregnant traveler -- A retrospective data analysis from a large Swiss Travel Center with a special focus on malaria prophylaxis and yellow fever vaccination.
THE SECOND BLIND SPOT: SMALL RETINAL VESSEL VASCULOPATHY AFTER VACCINATION AGAINST NEISSERIA MENINGITIDIS AND YELLOW FEVER.
Current status, challenges and perspectives in the development of vaccines against yellow fever, dengue, Zika and chikungunya viruses.
Yellow Fever - What It Means for Singapore.
CD8+ T cells complement antibodies in protecting against yellow fever virus.
Community knowledge, attitudes and practices on Yellow fever in South Omo area, Southern Ethiopia.
Advice on malaria and yellow fever prevention provided at travel agencies in Cuzco, Peru.
Long-term immunity against yellow fever in children vaccinated during infancy: a longitudinal cohort study.
[Severe Yellow fever vaccine-associated disease: a case report and current overview].
Plasmid DNA initiates replication of yellow fever vaccine in vitro and elicits virus-specific immune response in mice.
Protein structure shapes immunodominance in the CD4 T cell response to yellow fever vaccination.
Current status and future prospects of yellow fever vaccines.
The occurrence, diversity and blood feeding patterns of potential vectors of dengue and yellow fever in Kacheliba, West Pokot County, Kenya.
Meningomyeloradiculitis following yellow fever 17D vaccination: a case report.
Fractional-dose yellow fever vaccination: how much more can we do with less?
[Control discourses and power relations of yellow fever: Philadelphia in 1793].
Fractional-dose yellow fever vaccination: an expert review.
Pathophysiologic and transcriptomic analyses of viscerotropic yellow fever in a rhesus macaque model.
Protective and immunological behavior of chimeric yellow fever dengue vaccine.
Yellow fever vaccination for Chilean tourists visiting Brazil. Practical considerations.
Recommendations for travellers during the yellow fever outbreaks in Brazil-2018.
Cardiovascular disease and yellow fever.
Predictors of mortality in patients with yellow fever: an observational cohort study.
Yellow fever in Africa and the Americas: a historical and epidemiological perspective.
Yellow Fever Vaccination of a Primary Vaccinee During Adalimumab Therapy.
The yellow fever 17D virus as a platform for new live attenuated vaccines.
Yellow fever vaccine: an effective vaccine for travelers.
Lost trust: a yellow fever patient response.
Phylogenomic analysis unravels evolution of yellow fever virus within hosts.
The risk of urban yellow fever resurgence in Aedes-infested American cities.
Vaccination Challenges in Confronting the Resurgent Threat From Yellow Fever.
Detection of Yellow Fever Virus in Sylvatic Mosquitoes during Disease Outbreaks of 2017⁻2018 in Minas Gerais State, Brazil.
International Health Regulations in practice: Focus on yellow fever and poliomyelitis.
Immune activation alters cellular and humoral responses to yellow fever 17D vaccine.
Yellow fever (YF) vaccination does not increase dengue severity: A retrospective study based on 11,448 dengue notifications in a YF and dengue endemic region.
Yellow fever in China is still an imported disease.
Seroprevalence of yellow fever virus in selected health facilities in Western Kenya from 2010 to 2012.
Yellow fever: a global reckoning.
French Aedes albopictus are able to transmit yellow fever virus.
Human genetic variation and yellow fever mortality during 19th century U.S. epidemics.
Timeliness of yellow fever surveillance, Central African Republic.
Seroconversion in patients with rheumatic diseases treated with immunomodulators or immunosuppressants, who were inadvertently revaccinated against yellow fever.
Yellow fever vaccine: WHO position on the use of fractional doses – June 2017.
Genome analysis of yellow fever virus of the ongoing outbreak in Brazil reveals polymorphisms.
Yellow fever risk assessment in the Central African Republic.
Status of the northern muriqui (Brachyteles hypoxanthus) in the time of yellow fever.
Surveillance for yellow Fever virus in non-human primates in southern Brazil, 2001-2011: a tool for prioritizing human populations for vaccination.
Yellow Fever outbreaks in unvaccinated populations, Brazil, 2008-2009.
Yellow fever.
Eliminate Yellow fever Epidemics (EYE): a global strategy, 2017–2026.
Yellow fever: the Pacific should be prepared.
A case suspected for yellow fever vaccine-associated viscerotropic disease in the Netherlands.
Another pandemic disaster looms: yellow fever spreading from Angola.
BCX4430, a novel nucleoside analog, effectively treats yellow fever in a Hamster model.
How many published cases of serious adverse events after yellow fever vaccination meet Brighton Collaboration diagnostic criteria?
A fatal yellow fever virus infection in China: description and lessons.
Genetic variability of the Aedes aegypti (Diptera: Culicidae) mosquito in El Salvador, vector of dengue, yellow fever, chikungunya and Zika.
[The first confirmed imported case of yellow fever in China].
Yellow fever vaccination elicits broad functional CD4+ T cell responses that recognize structural and nonstructural proteins.
[Is the re-emergence of yellow fever a new global public health threat?]
A Meta-Analysis of Serological Response Associated with Yellow Fever Vaccination.
Mosquito and primate ecology predict human risk of yellow fever virus spillover in Brazil.
Immunity and immune response, pathology and pathologic changes: progress and challenges in the immunopathology of yellow fever.
Safety and immunogenicity of yellow fever 17D vaccine in adults receiving systemic corticosteroid therapy: an observational cohort study.
Innovative in cellulo method as an alternative to in vivo neurovirulence test for the characterization and quality control of human live Yellow Fever virus vaccines: A pilot study.
A Systems Vaccinology Approach Reveals Temporal Transcriptomic Changes of Immune Responses to the Yellow Fever 17D Vaccine.
[YEL-AND meningoencephalitis in a 4-year-old boy consecutive to a yellow-fever vaccine].
Climate Change and the Arboviruses: Lessons from the Evolution of the Dengue and Yellow Fever Viruses.
Yellow fever in Africa and  South America, 2015.
Vaccines and vaccination against yellow fever. WHO position paper -- June 2013.
The 17D-204 Vaccine Strain-Induced Protection against Virulent Yellow Fever Virus Is Mediated by Humoral Immunity and CD4+ but not CD8+ T Cells.
Epizootic Outbreak of Yellow Fever Virus and Risk for Human Disease in Salvador, Brazil.
Duration of post-vaccination humoral immunity against yellow fever in children.
Diphtheria, tetanus, poliomyelitis, yellow fever and hepatitis B seroprevalence among HIV1-infected migrants. Results from the ANRS VIHVO vaccine sub-study.
A public health risk assessment for yellow fever vaccination: a model exemplified by an outbreak in the state of São Paulo, Brazil.
A DNA vaccine against yellow fever virus: development and evaluation.
Long-lasting stem cell-like memory CD8+ T cells with a naïve-like profile upon yellow fever vaccination.
Evaluation of serological cross-reactivity between yellow fever and other flaviviruses.
Yellow fever outbreaks in São Paulo State, Brazil, 2000-2010.
Pandemic yellow fever: a potential threat to global health via travelers.
New diagnostic tools for yellow fever.
[Health risk zoning: yellow fever from a geographical perspective in La Macarena, Department of Meta, Colombia].
Metagenomic analysis reveals Hepatitis A virus in suspected yellow fever cases in Brazil.
Demographic profile of sylvatic yellow fever in Brazil from 1973 to 2008.
Clinical management of leprosy patients during the yellow fever outbreak in Brazil.
Urgent call for action: avoiding spread and re-urbanisation of yellow fever in Brazil.
Travel characteristics and yellow fever vaccine usage among US Global TravEpiNet travelers visiting countries with risk of yellow fever virus transmission, 2009-2011.
Yellow fever urban outbreak in Angola and the risk of extension.
What a rheumatologist needs to know about yellow fever vaccine.
Yellow fever vaccine for patients with HIV infection.
Serologic assessment of yellow fever immunity in the rural population of a yellow fever-endemic area in Central Brazil.
Yellow fever vaccination coverage following massive emergency immunization campaigns in rural Uganda, May 2011: a community cluster survey.
How Brazil joined the quest for a yellow fever vaccine. Interview by Claudia Jurberg and Julia D'Aloisio..
Duration of immunity in recipients of two doses of 17DD yellow fever vaccine.
Transcutaneous yellow fever vaccination of subjects with or without atopic dermatitis.
Temporal dynamics of the primary human T cell response to yellow fever virus 17D as it matures from an effector- to a memory-type response.
Frequency of histopathological changes in Howler monkeys ( Alouatta sp.) naturally infected with yellow fever virus in Brazil.
[Management of the yellow fever epidemic in 2010 in Séguéla (Côte d'Ivoire): value of multidisciplinary investigation].
The yellow fever vaccination certificate loophole in Nigeria.
On the trail of yellow fever.
Development of a reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction method for yellow fever virus detection.
Safety and immunogenicity of typhoid fever and yellow fever vaccines when administered concomitantly with quadrivalent meningococcal ACWY glycoconjugate vaccine in healthy adults.
Boosting Global Yellow Fever Vaccine Supply for Epidemic Preparedness: 3 Actions for China and the USA.
Update: Temporary Total Depletion of U.S. Licensed Yellow Fever Vaccine for Civilian Travelers Addressed by Investigational New Drug Use of Imported Stamaril Vaccine.
Samuel Holden Parsons Lee (1772-1863): American physician, entrepreneur and selfless fighter of the 1798 Yellow Fever epidemic of New London, Connecticut.
Advanced yellow fever virus genome detection in point-of-care facilities and reference laboratories.
The interferon signaling antagonist function of yellow fever virus NS5 protein is activated by type I interferon.
[Trends in yellow fever mortality in Colombia, 1998-2009].
Efficacy and duration of immunity after yellow fever vaccination: systematic review on the need for a booster every 10 years.
The whole iceberg: estimating the incidence of yellow fever virus infection from the number of severe cases.
Predicting Yellow Fever Through Species Distribution Modeling of Virus, Vector, and Monkeys.
Cardiac Involvement by Yellow Fever(from the PROVAR+ Study).
What to expect from the 2017 yellow fever outbreak in Brazil?
Typhus, yellow fever and Medicine in Mexico during the French intervention
T Cell-Mediated Immunity towards Yellow Fever Virus and Useful Animal Models.
Midgut barriers prevent the replication and dissemination of the yellow fever vaccine in Aedes aegypti.
Patterns of a sylvatic yellow fever virus amplification in southeastern Senegal, 2010.
Yellow fever vaccination centers: concurrent vaccinations and updates on mosquito biology.
Characterization of Retinopathy Among Patients With Yellow Fever During 2 Outbreaks in Southeastern Brazil.
Ovalbumin content in the yellow fever vaccine.
Infection of Mosquito Cells (C6/36) by Dengue-2 Virus Interferes with Subsequent Infection by Yellow Fever Virus.
Notes from the Field: Knowledge, Attitudes, and Practices Regarding Yellow Fever Vaccination Among Men During an Outbreak - Luanda, Angola, 2016.
Immunogenicity and safety of fractional dose yellow fever vaccination: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Immunogenicity and safety of yellow fever vaccine among 115 HIV-infected patients after a preventive immunisation campaign in Mali.
Epidemiological and laboratory characterization of a yellow fever outbreak in northern Uganda, October 2010-January 2011.
A real-time reverse transcription loop-mediated isothermal amplification assay for the rapid detection of yellow fever virus.
Yellow Fever Vaccine Shortages in the United States and Abroad: A Critical Issue.
Defining risk groups to yellow fever vaccine-associated viscerotropic disease in the absence of denominator data.
Development and validation of an ELISA kit (YF MAC-HD) to detect IgM to yellow fever virus.
Safety of yellow fever vaccine in Indian travellers: A prospective observational study.
Transverse myelitis associated with yellow fever vaccination.
Methods and procedures used in Aedes aegypti control in the successful campaign for yellow fever prophylaxis in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, in 1928 and 1929.
The revised global yellow fever risk map and recommendations for vaccination, 2010: consensus of the Informal WHO Working Group on Geographic Risk for Yellow Fever.
Fever versus fever: the role of host and vector susceptibility and interspecific competition in shaping the current and future distributions of the sylvatic cycles of dengue virus and yellow fever virus.
Yellow fever vaccination coverage heterogeneities in Luanda province, Angola.
Safety and immunogenicity of inactivated poliovirus vaccine when given with measles-rubella combined vaccine and yellow fever vaccine and when given via different administration routes: a phase 4, randomised, non-inferiority trial in The Gambia.
Review of the risks and benefits of yellow fever vaccination including some new analyses.
Active assessment of adverse events following yellow fever vaccination of persons aged 60 years and more.
Vigilance still needed to contain Africa's yellow fever outbreak, says WHO.
Safety of the yellow Fever vaccine: a retrospective study.
Persistence of Yellow Fever Immunization-Induced Antibodies in Allogeneic Hematopoietic Stem Cell Transplant Recipients.
[Entomological evaluation of the risk of urban outbreak of yellow fever in 2008 in Abidjan, Côte d'Ivoire].
Enzootic transmission of yellow fever virus, Venezuela.
Dynamic viral dissemination in mice infected with yellow fever virus strain 17D.
Assessment of risk of dengue and yellow fever virus transmission in three major Kenyan cities based on Stegomyia indices.
Yellow fever: the consequences of neglect.
[Yellow fever: reemerging in the state of Sao Paulo, Brazil, 2009].
Pluripotency of <i>Wolbachia</i> against Arboviruses: the case of yellow fever.
Concomitant outbreaks of yellow fever and hepatitis E virus in Darfur States, Sudan, 2012.
Reemergence of yellow fever: detection of transmission in the State of São Paulo, Brazil, 2008.
Yellow fever continues to spread in Angola.
A Yellow Fever Epidemic: A New Global Health Emergency?
Yellow fever: the resurgence of a forgotten disease.
Vaccination Strategies During Shortages of Yellow Fever Vaccine-Reply.
Vaccination Strategies During Shortages of Yellow Fever Vaccine.
Long-term Immune Response to Yellow Fever Vaccination in Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV)-Infected Individuals Depends on HIV RNA Suppression Status: Implications for Vaccination Schedule.
Yellow fever: a major threat to public health.
Why dengue and yellow fever coexist in some areas of the world and not in others?
DNA-immunisation with dengue virus E protein domains I/II, but not domain III, enhances Zika, West Nile and Yellow Fever virus infection.
INFECTIOUS DISEASES. Yellow fever outbreak triggers vaccine alarm.
[Long term persistence of yellow fever neutralising antibodies in elderly persons].
Development of a quantitative NS1-capture enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay for early detection of yellow fever virus infection.
Yellow fever vaccination: estimating coverage.
Mutual interference on the immune response to yellow fever vaccine and a combined vaccine against measles, mumps and rubella.
Waning immunity after single-dose yellow fever vaccination: Who needs a second shot?
Analysis of a Reverse Transcription Loop-mediated Isothermal Amplification (RT-LAMP) for yellow fever diagnostic.
Serious adverse events associated with yellow fever vaccine.
Process intensification of EB66® cell cultivations leads to high-yield yellow fever and Zika virus production.
Dengue-2 and yellow fever 17DD viruses infect human dendritic cells, resulting in an induction of activation markers, cytokines and chemokines and secretion of different TNF-α and IFN-α profiles.
Entomological assessment of yellow fever-epidemic risk indices in Benue State, Nigeria, 2010-2011.
A Novel Benzodiazepine Compound Inhibits Yellow Fever Virus Infection by Specifically Targeting NS4B Protein.
Arguments for a two-dose yellow fever vaccination regimen in travellers.
A humanized IgG but not IgM antibody is effective in prophylaxis and therapy of yellow fever infection in an AG129/17D-204 peripheral challenge mouse model.
Immune correlates of protection against yellow fever determined by passive immunization and challenge in the hamster model.
Reporting rates of yellow fever vaccine 17D or 17DD-associated serious adverse events in pharmacovigilance data bases: systematic review.
Managing severe yellow fever in the intensive care: lessons learnt from Brazil.
Yellow fever outbreak in Sudan.
Isolation of yellow fever virus from mosquitoes in Misiones province, Argentina.
Active and passive surveillance of yellow fever vaccine 17D or 17DD-associated serious adverse events: systematic review.
[Vaccination against yellow fever: lifetime protection?].
[Yellow fever: new recommendations].
Potential risk of re-emergence of urban transmission of Yellow Fever virus in Brazil facilitated by competent Aedes populations.
Answer to the review from Halstead and Russell "Protective and immunological behavior of chimeric yellow fever dengue vaccine" (DOI 10.1016/j.vaccine.2016.02.004).
Infant meningoencephalitis caused by yellow fever vaccine virus transmitted via breastmilk.
Assessing the risk of international spread of yellow fever virus: a mathematical analysis of an urban outbreak in Asuncion, 2008.
[Assessment of vaccination coverage among travelers to areas where yellow fever is endemic (Senegal)].
Dissection of antibody specificities induced by yellow fever vaccination.
Phylogeographic reconstruction of African yellow fever virus isolates indicates recent simultaneous dispersal into east and west Africa.
Evolutionary and ecological factors underlying the tempo and distribution of yellow fever virus activity.
Rapid molecular assays for the detection of yellow fever virus in low-resource settings.
An inactivated cell-culture vaccine against yellow fever.
Ocular Findings in Yellow Fever Infection.
17DD and 17D-213/77 yellow fever substrains trigger a balanced cytokine profile in primary vaccinated children.
Detection of anti-yellow fever virus immunoglobulin m antibodies at 3-4 years following yellow fever vaccination.
Theories about the propagation of yellow fever: the scientific debate in the São Paulo press between 1895 and 1903.
Case report: probable transmission of vaccine strain of yellow fever virus to an infant via breast milk.
Autochthonous Japanese Encephalitis with Yellow Fever Coinfection in Africa.
Notes from the Field: Adverse Events Following a Mass Yellow Fever Immunization Campaign - Kongo Central Province, Democratic Republic of the Congo, September 2016.
Dramatic effects of control measures on deaths from yellow fever in Havana, Cuba, in the early 1900s.
POLICI: A web application for visualising and extracting yellow fever vaccination coverage in Africa.
A natural agonist of mosquito TRPA1 from the medicinal plant Cinnamosma fragrans that is toxic, antifeedant, and repellent to the yellow fever mosquito Aedes aegypti.
Lipase and factor V (but not viral load) are prognostic factors for the evolution of severe yellow fever cases.
[City-laboratory: Campinas and yellow fever at the dawn of the Republican era].
Municipalities of higher vulnerability to Sylvatic Yellow Fever occurrence in the São Paulo State, Brazil.
A vector-host model to assess the impact of superinfection exclusion on vaccination strategies using dengue and yellow fever as case studies.
Yellow Fever Virus Reemergence and Spread in Southeast Brazil, 2016-2019.
Monitoring yellow fever.
Yellow fever outbreak in Brazil, 2017.
17D yellow fever vaccine elicits comparable long-term immune responses in healthy individuals and immune-compromised patients.
Disease Resurgence, Production Capability Issues and Safety Concerns in the Context of an Aging Population: Is There a Need for a New Yellow Fever Vaccine?
Elderly subjects have a delayed antibody response and prolonged viraemia following yellow fever vaccination: a prospective controlled cohort study.
Direct determination of sorbitol and sodium glutamate by attenuated total reflectance Fourier transform infrared spectroscopy (ATR-FTIR) in the thermostabilizer employed in the production of yellow-fever vaccine.
Yellow fever disease: density equalizing mapping and gender analysis of international research output.
Performance of the Public Health System During a Full-Scale Yellow Fever Simulation Exercise in Lagos State, Nigeria, in 2018: How Prepared Are We for the Next Outbreak?
No booster dose for yellow fever vaccination: what are the consequences for the activity of vaccination in travel clinics?
Adverse events following yellow fever preventive vaccination campaigns in eight African countries from 2007 to 2010.
Yellow fever revaccination guidelines change - a decision too feverish?
Vogt-Koyanagi-Harada<i>-like</i> Disease following Yellow Fever Vaccination.
Structure of the yellow fever NS5 protein reveals conserved drug targets shared among flaviviruses.
Yellow fever vaccine-associated viscerotropic disease.
Yellow fever virus in Haemagogus leucocelaenus and Aedes serratus mosquitoes, southern Brazil, 2008.
Yellow fever virus: Increasing imported cases in China.
Biological and phylogenetic characteristics of yellow fever virus lineages from West Africa.
Humanized monoclonal antibody 2C9-cIgG has enhanced efficacy for yellow fever prophylaxis and therapy in an immunocompetent animal model.
[A case of Yellow fever in 1887].
Distinctive TLR7 signaling, type I IFN production, and attenuated innate and adaptive immune responses to yellow fever virus in a primate reservoir host.
The safety of yellow fever vaccine 17D or 17DD in children, pregnant women, HIV+ individuals, and older persons: systematic review.
Yellow fever virus susceptibility of two mosquito vectors from Kenya, East Africa.
Yellow fever in Africa and South America, 2011–2012.
Co-administration of live measles and yellow fever vaccines and inactivated pentavalent vaccines is associated with increased mortality compared with measles and yellow fever vaccines only. An observational study from Guinea-Bissau.
Yellow fever outbreaks, vaccine shortages and the Hajj and Olympics: call for global vigilance.
Inadvertent yellow fever vaccination of a patient with Crohn's disease treated with infliximab and methotrexate.
Development and Characterization of Monoclonal Antibodies to Yellow Fever Virus and Application in Antigen Detection and IgM Capture Enzyme-Linked Immunosorbent Assay.
Immunogenicity and tolerability of yellow fever vaccination in 23 French HIV-infected patients.
First report of yellow fever virus in non-human primates in the State of Paraná, Brazil.
Yellow fever virus envelope protein expressed in insect cells is capable of syncytium formation in lepidopteran cells and could be used for immunodetection of YFV in human sera.
Unilateral acute idiopathic maculopathy secondary to yellow fever disease: a case report.
Yellow fever in Africa.
Potential yellow fever epidemics in unexposed populations.
Yellow fever - prevention in travellers.
Risk of yellow fever vaccine-associated viscerotropic disease among the elderly: a systematic review.
Yellow fever vaccine-associated neurotropic disease (YEL-AND) - A case report.
Lack of interference by zoster vaccine with the immune response to yellow fever vaccine.
Evaluation of travel medicine practice by yellow fever vaccination centers in England, Wales, and Northern Ireland.
Linking yellow fever vaccinator approval and renewal with training in travel medicine in New Zealand.
Yellow fever vaccine: recommendations of the Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices (ACIP).
Incubation periods of Yellow fever virus.
Yellow Fever and Cardiovascular Disease: An Intersection of Epidemics.
[Serological, molecular and virological analyses associated with yellow fever surveillance in Colombia].
Clinical evidence for the immunogenicity and immune persistence of vaccination with yellow fever virus strain 17D in Chinese peacekeepers deployed to Africa.
Gold nanoparticles coupled with graphene quantum dots in organized medium to quantify aminoglycoside anti-biotics in yellow fever vaccine after solid phase extraction using a selective imprinted polymer.
Disseminated mycosis in a patient with yellow fever.
Yellow Fever prevention strategies awareness among HIV-infected patients in São Paulo, Brazil.
[Modern features of epidemiology and prophylaxis of yellow fever].
Critical aspects of yellow fever control in Brazil.
Persistence of yellow fever vaccine-induced antibodies after solid organ transplantation.
[Overdose of yellow fever vaccine in the Southern region of Brazil].
Genomic sequence of yellow fever virus from a Dutch traveller returning from the Gambia-Senegal region, the Netherlands, November 2018.
Historical analysis of the records of sylvan yellow fever in the State of Amazonas, Brazil, from 1996 to 2009.
Yellow fever in Africa and South America, 2013.
Subdoses of 17DD yellow fever vaccine elicit equivalent virological/immunological kinetics timeline.
A Research Enclave in 1940s Nigeria: The Rockefeller Foundation Yellow Fever Research Institute at Yaba, Lagos, 1943-49.
Standards of yellow fever vaccination and travel medicine practice in the Republic of Ireland: A questionnaire-based evaluation.
Preferences and decision needs of Boston-area travelers to countries with risk of Yellow fever virus transmission: implications for health care providers.
Ten yearly yellow fever booster vaccinations may still be justified.
Safety issues from a Phase 3 clinical trial of a live-attenuated chimeric yellow fever tetravalent dengue vaccine.
Epidemics which never came: yellow fever (1883) and bubonic plague (1902-1903) in Baja California
Global research trends of yellow fever: A bibliometric overview.
Optomotor Reactions Reveal Polarization Sensitvity in the Zika Virus Transmitting Yellow Fever Mosquito Aedes (Stegomyia) aegypti (Diptera; Nematocera).
Is there a risk of yellow fever virus transmission in South Asian countries with hyperendemic dengue?
Outcome of training on yellow fever surveillance in a South-Western state, Nigeria: implications for improved field implementation.
Yellow fever vaccine: comparison of the neurovirulence of new 17D-204 Stamaril™ seed lots and RK 168-73 strain.
The 1802 Saint-Domingue yellow fever epidemic and the Louisiana Purchase.
Yellow fever: a reemerging threat.
Yellow fever vaccination: is one dose always enough?
Yellow card or red card: airport tribulations and new developments on yellow fever vaccination.
Transmission of yellow fever vaccine virus through breast-feeding - Brazil, 2009.
Notes from the Field: Fatal Yellow Fever in a Traveler Returning From Peru - New York, 2016.
Neurovirulence tests of three 17D yellow fever vaccine strains.
17DD yellow fever vaccine: a double blind, randomized clinical trial of immunogenicity and safety on a dose-response study.
Yellow fever in Africa and the Americas, 2016.
Yellow fever impact on brown howler monkeys (Alouatta guariba clamitans) in Argentina: a metamodelling approach based on population viability analysis and epidemiological dynamics.
Yellow fever virus maintenance in Trinidad and its dispersal throughout the Americas.
Detection of a new yellow fever virus lineage within the South American genotype I in Brazil.
Vaccine administration decision making: the case of yellow fever vaccine.
[Efficacy and safety of vaccination against yellow fever of persons traveling to endemic areas].
Circulation of antibodies against yellow fever virus in a simian population in the area of Porto Primavera Hydroelectric Plant, São Paulo, Brazil.
Fatal Yellow Fever in a Kidney Transplant Patient.
Yellow fever in Brazil threatens successful recovery of endangered golden lion tamarins.
Yellow fever vaccine and risk of developing serious adverse events: a systematic review.
Vaccine and Wild-Type Strains of Yellow Fever Virus Engage Distinct Entry Mechanisms and Differentially Stimulate Antiviral Immune Responses.
Complete NMR chemical shift assignments of odorant binding protein 22 from the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti, bound to arachidonic acid.
Impact of synthetic and biological immunomodulatory therapy on the duration of 17DD yellow fever vaccine-induced immunity in rheumatoid arthritis.
Yellow fever vaccine-associated neurological disease, a suspicious case.
Using next generation sequencing to identify yellow fever virus in Uganda.
Can the safety of the yellow fever vaccine be evaluated by a retrospective study of databases?
Yellow Fever - Once Again on the Radar Screen in the Americas.
Learning immunology from the yellow fever vaccine: innate immunity to systems vaccinology.
Intervene before leaving: clustered lot quality assurance sampling to monitor vaccination coverage at health district level before the end of a yellow fever and measles vaccination campaign in Sierra Leone in 2009.
Yellow fever vaccine supply: a possible solution.
Yellow fever from Angola and Congo: a storm gathers.
Viscerotropic disease following yellow fever vaccination in Peru.
Yellow Fever: Integrating Current Knowledge with Technological Innovations to Identify Strategies for Controlling a Re-Emerging Virus.
Yellow fever vaccine-associated neurological disease: it is not just the silver generation at risk.
Yellow fever vaccination in organ transplanted patients: is it safe? A multicenter study.
Dynamics of the CD8 T-cell response following yellow fever virus 17D immunization.
Persistence of Yellow Fever vaccine-induced antibodies after cord blood stem cell transplant.
A small animal peripheral challenge model of yellow fever using interferon-receptor deficient mice and the 17D-204 vaccine strain.
Administration of yellow fever vaccine in patients with egg allergy.
Responding to the threat of urban yellow fever outbreaks.
Yellow fever virus modulates cytokine mRNA expression and induces activation of caspase 3/7 in the human hepatocarcinoma cell line HepG2.
Oral receptivity of Aedes aegypti from Cape Verde for yellow fever, dengue, and chikungunya viruses.
Yellow fever stalks Brazil in Zika's wake.
Dynamic expression of genes encoding subunits of inward rectifier potassium (Kir) channels in the yellow fever mosquito Aedes aegypti.
Risk groups for yellow fever vaccine-associated viscerotropic disease (YEL-AVD).
Is YouTube an accurate and reliable source of yellow fever information during outbreaks?
Molecular epidemiology of yellow fever in Bolivia from 1999 to 2008.
[Yellow fever: once inoculation is enough].
Yellow fever control: current epidemiology and vaccination strategies.
The response to re-emergence of Yellow Fever in Nigeria, 2017.
Yellow Fever in an Unvaccinated Traveler to Peru.
Detection of yellow fever 17D genome in urine.
The first detected airline introductions of yellow fever mosquitoes (Aedes aegypti) to Europe, at Schiphol International airport, the Netherlands.
Long-term immunogenicity after yellow fever vaccination in immunosuppressed and healthy individuals.
The Public Health Benefits and Economic Value of Routine Yellow Fever Vaccination in Colombia.
Molecular Differentiation of the African Yellow Fever Vector Aedes bromeliae (Diptera: Culicidae) from Its Sympatric Non-vector Sister Species, Aedes lilii.
Is Sri Lanka prepared for yellow fever outbreaks? A case study.
Yellow Fever Virus, but Not Zika Virus or Dengue Virus, Inhibits T-Cell Receptor-Mediated T-Cell Function by an RNA-Based Mechanism.
Yellow fever virus: historical and current issues regarding recent epidemics and vaccination in Brazil.
Yellow Fever outbreak in Darfur, Sudan in October 2012; the initial outbreak investigation report.
Comment on "Is There a Risk of Yellow Fever Virus Transmission in South Asian Countries with Hyperendemic Dengue?".
Reining in Angola's yellow fever outbreak.
[Epidemiological situation of yellow fever in Burkina Faso from 2003 to 2008].
Yellow fever vaccine - how does it work and why do rare cases of serious adverse events take place?
The yellow fever virus vaccine induces a broad and polyfunctional human memory CD8+ T cell response.
Intradermal vaccination to protect against yellow fever and influenza.
The reemergence of yellow fever.
Yellow fever fact sheet.
Functional characterization of aquaporins and aquaglyceroporins of the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
Clara Maass, yellow fever and human experimentation.
WHO Working Group on Technical Specifications for Manufacture and Evaluation of Yellow Fever Vaccines, Geneva, Switzerland, 13-14 May 2009.
A basic cluster in the N terminus of yellow fever virus NS2A contributes to infectious particle production.
Concomitant or sequential administration of live attenuated Japanese encephalitis chimeric virus vaccine and yellow fever 17D vaccine: randomized double-blind phase II evaluation of safety and immunogenicity.
First international external quality assessment study on molecular and serological methods for yellow fever diagnosis.
Clustered lot quality assurance sampling: a tool to monitor immunization coverage rapidly during a national yellow fever and polio vaccination campaign in Cameroon, May 2009.
Attenuation of Live-Attenuated Yellow Fever 17D Vaccine Virus Is Localized to a High-Fidelity Replication Complex.
Diffuse uveitis and chorioretinal changes after yellow fever vaccination: a re-emerging epidemic.
Oviposition behavior of Haemagogus leucocelaenus (Diptera: culicidae), a vector of wild yellow fever in Brazil.
An unusual case of influenza-like illness after yellow fever vaccination.
Immunogenicity of Yellow Fever Vaccine Coadministered With MenAfriVac in Healthy Infants in Ghana and Mali.
To vaccinate or let it be--current recommendations and the reality about yellow fever vaccination.
RNA interference inhibits yellow fever virus replication in vitro and in vivo.
A Single 17D Yellow Fever Vaccination Provides Lifelong Immunity; Characterization of Yellow-Fever-Specific Neutralizing Antibody and T-Cell Responses after Vaccination.
Yellow Fever Virus: Cause for Concern or Alarm?
Immunogenicity and Safety of Yellow Fever Vaccine (Stamaril) When Administered Concomitantly With a Tetravalent Dengue Vaccine Candidate in Healthy Toddlers at 12-13 Months of Age in Colombia and Peru: A Randomized Trial.
Characterization of Yellow Fever Virus Infection of Human and Non-human Primate Antigen Presenting Cells and Their Interaction with CD4+ T Cells.
[Neurotropic disease after vaccination against yellow fever].
Yellow fever vaccine used in a psoriatic arthritis patient treated with methotrexate: a case report.
Development of a non-destructive method for determining protein nitrogen in a yellow fever vaccine by near infrared spectroscopy and multivariate calibration.
Yellow Fever Virus Modulates the Expression of Key Proteins Related to the microRNA Pathway in the Human Hepatocarcinoma Cell Line HepG2.
14 million people in central Africa to be vaccinated to try to halt yellow fever outbreak.
Yellow fever in Africa: a disaster waiting to happen.
Evaluation of a Booster Dose of Pentavalent Rotavirus Vaccine Coadministered With Measles, Yellow Fever, and Meningitis A Vaccines in 9-Month-Old Malian Infants.
Initial viral load determines the magnitude of the human CD8 T cell response to yellow fever vaccination.
Differences between coverage of yellow fever vaccine and the first dose of measles-containing vaccine: A desk review of global data sources.
Host-Specific NS5 Ubiquitination Determines Yellow Fever Virus Tropism.
Yellow fever vaccine 17D administered to healthy women aged between 40 and 54 years halves breast cancer risk: an observational study.
Birth of three stowaway-like MITE families via microhomology-mediated miniaturization of a Tc1/Mariner element in the yellow fever mosquito.
A mouse model for studying viscerotropic disease caused by yellow fever virus infection.
Cytokine signatures of innate and adaptive immunity in 17DD yellow fever vaccinated children and its association with the level of neutralizing antibody.
What's Old Is New Again: The Re-emergence of Yellow Fever in Brazil and Vaccine Shortages.
Kinetic Study of Yellow Fever 17DD Viral Infection in Gallus gallus domesticus Embryos.
Yellow fever virus transmission via breastfeeding: follow-up to the paper on breastfeeding travelers.
Yellow fever outbreak in a rural-urban mixed community of Espírito Santo, Brazil: epidemiological aspects.
Re-evaluate yellow fever risk in Asia-Pacific region.
Yellow fever vaccination coverage in French Guiana.
Yellow fever in the WHO African and American Regions, 2010.
Evaluation of chimeric yellow fever 17D/dengue viral replication in ticks.
Epidemic yellow fever in Borno State of Nigeria: characterisation of hospitalised patients.
Yellow fever revaccination during infliximab therapy.
Inactivated yellow fever 17D vaccine: development and nonclinical safety, immunogenicity and protective activity.
Epidemiological, Clinical and Entomological Characteristics of Yellow Fever Outbreak in Darfur 2012.
Yellow fever vaccine: past, present and future.
Evaluation of two molecular methods for the detection of Yellow fever virus genome.
Limited evolution of the yellow fever virus 17d in a mouse infection model.
Potential of <i>Aedes albopictus</i> and <i>Aedes aegypti</i> (Diptera: Culicidae) to transmit yellow fever virus in urban areas in Central Africa.
Acute viscerotropic disease following vaccination against yellow fever.
Feeding-induced changes in allatostatin-A and short neuropeptide F in the antennal lobes affect odor-mediated host seeking in the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
Feeding habits of mosquitoes (Diptera: Culicidae) in an area of sylvatic transmission of yellow fever in the state of São Paulo, Brazil.
Evaluation of AaDOP2 receptor antagonists reveals antidepressants and antipsychotics as novel lead molecules for control of the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
Yellow fever vaccine-associated viscerotropic disease: current perspectives.
Resurgence of yellow fever in Brazil: Overview and possible control options.
Yellow fever and dengue: a threat to Europe?
Detection of Wild-type Yellow Fever Virus in Breast Milk.
Yellow fever vaccination coverage among children in Brazilian capitals.
Pharmacological validation of an inward-rectifier potassium (Kir) channel as an insecticide target in the yellow fever mosquito Aedes aegypti.
Identification of a dominant endoplasmic reticulum-retention signal in yellow fever virus pre-membrane protein.
Risk of re-emergence of urban yellow fever in Brazil.
Yellow fever outbreaks and Twitter: Rumors and misinformation.
Comprehensive analysis of T cell epitope discovery strategies using 17DD yellow fever virus structural proteins and BALB/c (H2d) mice model.
What Does the Future Hold for Yellow Fever Virus? (II).
Yellow Fever importation to China - a failure of pre- and post-travel control systems?
Interim Canadian recommendations for the use of a fractional dose of yellow fever vaccine during a vaccine shortage.
Yellow fever vaccines and international travelers.
Management and control of yellow fever virus: Brazilian outbreak January-April, 2018.
Transfusion-related transmission of yellow fever vaccine virus--California, 2009.
Pre-clinical efficacy and safety of experimental vaccines based on non-replicating vaccinia vectors against yellow fever.
Ovary ecdysteroidogenic hormone functions independently of the insulin receptor in the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
A spray freeze dried micropellet based formulation proof-of-concept for a yellow fever vaccine candidate.
Diversity of yellow fever mosquito vectors in the Atlantic Forest of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
What Does the Future Hold for Yellow Fever Virus? (I).
Effect of Quorum Sensing by Staphylococcus epidermidis on the Attraction Response of Female Adult Yellow Fever Mosquitoes, Aedes aegypti aegypti (Linnaeus) (Diptera: Culicidae), to a Blood-Feeding Source.
Yellow fever in Africa and the Americas, 2014.
Yellow fever in Brazil: thoughts and hypotheses on the emergence in previously free areas.
Longitudinal myelitis associated with yellow fever vaccination.
Gestational exposure to yellow fever vaccine at different developmental stages induces behavioral alterations in the progeny.
Yellow fever-associated viscerotropic disease in Barcelona, Spain.
Structural characterization and polymorphism analysis of the NS2B-NS3 protease from the 2017 Brazilian circulating strain of Yellow Fever virus.
Dengue and yellow fever virus vectors: seasonal abundance, diversity and resting preferences in three Kenyan cities.
Screening test for neutralizing antibodies against yellow fever virus, based on a flavivirus pseudotype.
Influenza-like illness after yellow fever vaccination.
[Yellow fever virus 17D neutralising antibodies in vaccinated Colombian people and unvaccinated ones having immunity against dengue].
Intradermally administered yellow fever vaccine at reduced dose induces a protective immune response: a randomized controlled non-inferiority trial.
Dengue-yellow fever sera cross-reactivity; challenges for diagnosis.
Evaluation of two yellow fever vaccines for routine immunization programs in Argentina.
Recombinant chimeric virus with wild-type dengue 4 virus premembrane and envelope and virulent yellow fever virus Asibi backbone sequences is dramatically attenuated in nonhuman primates.
Adaptive Diversification Between Yellow Fever Virus West African and South American Lineages: A Genome-Wide Study.
Intrathecal antibody production in two cases of yellow fever vaccine associated neurotropic disease in Argentina.
Heritable CRISPR/Cas9-mediated genome editing in the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
Yellow fever: Massive open online courses (MOOCs) in the outbreaks era.
The enigma of yellow fever in East Africa.
REPORTING DELAY DURING THE YELLOW FEVER OUTBREAK, ANGOLA, 2016.
Modelling a way out of yellow fever.
The Importance of Coordinated Actions in Preventing the Spread of Yellow Fever to Human Populations: The Experience from the 2016-2017 Yellow Fever Outbreak in the Northeastern Region of São Paulo State.
Experimental therapies for yellow fever.
Perinatal Yellow Fever: A Case Report.
A mortality study of the last outbreak of yellow fever in Barcelona City (Spain) in 1870.
Fulminant MS Reactivation Following Combined Fingolimod Cessation and Yellow Fever Vaccination.
Yellow fever control in Cameroon: where are we now and where are we going?
Innate immunity phenotypic features point toward simultaneous raise of activation and modulation events following 17DD live attenuated yellow fever first-time vaccination.
Improved LNA probe-based assay for the detection of African and South  American yellow fever virus strains.
Yellow fever vaccination and increased relapse rate in travelers with multiple sclerosis.
[Entomological investigations conducted around ten cases of yellow fever in 2009 in the Denguélé sanitary region, Côte-d'Ivoire].
Equilibrium analysis of a yellow Fever dynamical model with vaccination.
Safety of 17D derived yellow fever vaccines.
Standardized quantitative RT-PCR assays for quantitation of yellow fever and chimeric yellow fever-dengue vaccines.
The genetic architecture of a complex trait: Resistance to multiple toxins produced by Bacillus thuringiensis israelensis in the dengue and yellow fever vector, the mosquito Aedes aegypti.
Revised recommendations for yellow fever vaccination for international travellers, 2011.
Comparison of the live attenuated yellow fever vaccine 17D-204 strain to its virulent parental strain Asibi by deep sequencing.
Sofosbuvir inhibits yellow fever virus in vitro and in patients with acute liver failure.
An Atypical Local Vesicular Reaction to the Yellow Fever Vaccine.
Repurposing the yellow fever vaccine for intratumoral immunotherapy.
Detection of Yellow Fever Virus by Quantitative Real-Time PCR (qPCR).
Origin of the São Paulo Yellow Fever epidemic of 2017-2018 revealed through molecular epidemiological analysis of fatal cases.
Molecular Characterization of Hamster-Adapted Yellow Fever Virus.
Development and characterization of polyclonal peptide antibodies for the detection of Yellow fever virus proteins.
CDC Travelers’ Health Branch releases free, web-based training course Yellow Fever: Information for Health Care Professionals Advising Travelers.
Prospects for induction of CD8 T cell-mediated immunity to Zika virus infection by yellow fever virus vaccination.
Structure-Function of the Yellow Fever Virus Envelope Protein: Analysis of Antibody Epitopes.
Yellow fever and orthotopic liver transplantation: new insights from the autopsy room for an old but re-emerging disease.
Randomized, double-blind, multicenter study of the immunogenicity and reactogenicity of 17DD and WHO 17D-213/77 yellow fever vaccines in children: implications for the Brazilian National Immunization Program.
Why is the yellow fever outbreak in Angola a 'threat to the entire world'?
Efficacy of sofosbuvir as treatment for yellow fever: protocol for a randomised controlled trial in Brazil (SOFFA study).
Seroprevalence of yellow fever, dengue, West Nile and chikungunya viruses in children in Teso South Sub-County, Western Kenya.
[Yellow fever vaccination: update on rare and severe adverse effects].
Contrasting female-male mortality ratios after routine vaccinations with pentavalent vaccine versus measles and yellow fever vaccine. A cohort study from urban Guinea-Bissau.
Treatment of yellow fever.
Assessment of yellow fever epidemic risk: an original multi-criteria modeling approach.
Immunogenicity and safety of yellow fever vaccination for 102 HIV-infected patients.
Molecular epidemiology of dengue, yellow fever, Zika and Chikungunya arboviruses: An update.
Live Zika virus chimeric vaccine candidate based on a yellow fever 17-D attenuated backbone.
Global Risk and Elimination of Yellow Fever Epidemics.
Yellow fever epizootics in non-human primates, São Paulo state, Brazil, 2008-2009.
[Detection of yellow fever virus by reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction in wild monkeys: a sensitive tool for epidemiologic surveillance].
Short-Lived Immunity After 17DD Yellow Fever Single Dose Indicates That Booster Vaccination May Be Required to Guarantee Protective Immunity in Children.
Antibody responses to yellow fever vaccine in 9 to 11-month-old Malian and Ghanaian children.
Treatment of yellow fever virus with an adenovirus-vectored interferon, DEF201, in a hamster model.
Nucleoside Analogs with Antiviral Activity against Yellow Fever Virus.
Substitution of wild-type yellow fever Asibi sequences for 17D vaccine sequences in ChimeriVax-dengue 4 does not enhance infection of Aedes aegypti mosquitoes.
The phylogeny of yellow fever virus 17D vaccines.
Systems biology approach predicts immunogenicity of the yellow fever vaccine in humans.
The live-attenuated yellow fever vaccine 17D induces broad and potent T cell responses against several viral proteins in Indian rhesus macaques--implications for recombinant vaccine design.
Sofosbuvir use for yellow fever: a new perspective treatment.
Dependence of CD8 T Cell Response upon Antigen Load During Primary Infection : Analysis of Data from Yellow Fever Vaccination.
Cutaneous lesions caused by the yellow fever vaccine - have you ever seen them?
Purification of yellow fever virus produced in Vero cells for inactivated vaccine manufacture.
Thiosemicarbazones and Phthalyl-Thiazoles compounds exert antiviral activity against yellow fever virus and Saint Louis encephalitis virus.
Walter Reed, Yellow Fever, and Informed Consent.
Entomological profile of yellow fever epidemics in the Central African Republic, 2006-2010.
A Multipurpose, High-Throughput Single-Nucleotide Polymorphism Chip for the Dengue and Yellow Fever Mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
Applicability of the Monocyte Activation Test (MAT) in the quality control of the 17DD yellow fever vaccine.
[Yellow fever].
Max Theiler – and Yellow Fever.
[Cycles of German yellow fever research in the first half of the 20th century: protagonists and interests].
Knowledge and power: the asymmetry of interests of Colombian and Rockefeller doctors in the construction of the concept of "jungle yellow fever," 1907-19381.
Yellow fever in Africa and Central and South America, 2008–2009.
A community-level investigation following a yellow fever virus outbreak in South Omo Zone, South-West Ethiopia.
Double Lock of a Human Neutralizing and Protective Monoclonal Antibody Targeting the Yellow Fever Virus Envelope.
Vaccinating in disease-free regions: a vaccine model with application to yellow fever.
Development and characterization of a packaging cell line for pseudo-infectious yellow fever virus particle generation.
[Resurgence of yellow fever epidemics in Côte-d'Ivoire].
ATon, abundant novel nonautonomous mobile genetic elements in yellow fever mosquito (Aedes aegypti).
Pressure-inactivated yellow fever 17DD virus: implications for vaccine development.
Analysis of yellow fever vaccination practice in England.
Neurological adverse events temporally associated to mass vaccination against yellow fever in Juiz de Fora, Brazil, 1999-2005.
Yellow fever: 100 years of discovery.
Yellow fever and Max Theiler: the only Nobel Prize for a virus vaccine.
Is it time for a new yellow fever vaccine?
The Ontology of Biological and Clinical Statistics (OBCS)-based statistical method standardization and meta-analysis of host responses to yellow fever vaccines.
The Human NK Cell Response to Yellow Fever Virus 17D Is Primarily Governed by NK Cell Differentiation Independently of NK Cell Education.
Yellow fever – prevention in travellers.
[Surveillance system for adverse events following immunization against yellow fever in Burkina Faso in 2008. Good practice recommendations].
Yellow fever: epidemiology and prevention.
[Estimated operational costs of vaccination campaign to combat yellow fever in Abidjan].
A database of circadian and diel rhythmic gene expression in the yellow fever mosquito Aedes aegypti.
Progress in mapping the yellow fever mosquito genome.
Deltamethrin-mediated survival, behavior, and oenocyte morphology of insecticide-susceptible and resistant yellow fever mosquitos (Aedes aegypti).
Yellow Fever 17DD Vaccine Virus Infection Causes Detectable Changes in Chicken Embryos.
Isolation of yellow fever virus (YFV) from naturally infected Haemagogus (Conopostegus) leucocelaenus (diptera, cukicudae) in São Paulo State, Brazil, 2009.
Yellow fever: a disease that has yet to be conquered.
[Integrated approach to yellow fever surveillance: pilot study in Senegal in 2003-2004].
A case of yellow fever vaccine-associated disease.
Methodological issues with the risk of relapse study in patients with multiple sclerosis after yellow fever vaccination.
Yellow fever virus exhibits slower evolutionary dynamics than dengue virus.
Ecological aspects of mosquitoes (Diptera: Culicidae) in the gallery forest of Brasília National Park, Brazil, with an emphasis on potential vectors of yellow fever.
Exploratory re-encoding of yellow fever virus genome: new insights for the design of live-attenuated viruses.
Distinct gene expression profiles in peripheral blood mononuclear cells from patients infected with vaccinia virus, yellow fever 17D virus, or upper respiratory infections.
Generation of Yellow Fever virus vaccine in skeletal muscle cells of chicken embryos.
Yellow fever outbreak affecting Alouatta populations in southern Brazil (Rio Grande do Sul State), 2008-2009.
Yellow fever as an endemic/epidemic disease and priorities for vaccination.
Activity of T-1106 in a hamster model of yellow Fever virus infection.
The Myth of Innate Racial Differences Between White and Black People's Bodies: Lessons From the 1793 Yellow Fever Epidemic in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Iron and Ferritin Deposition in the Ovarian Tissues of the Yellow Fever Mosquito (Diptera: Culicidae).
An outbreak of yellow fever with concurrent chikungunya virus transmission in South Kordofan, Sudan, 2005.
Yellow fever recommendations for tourists to Kenya: a flawed risk assessment.
Characterization of recombinant yellow fever-dengue vaccine viruses with human monoclonal antibodies targeting key conformational epitopes.
Improved genetic stability of recombinant yellow fever 17D virus expressing a lentiviral Gag gene fragment.
[Immunization against yellow fever].
Neuronal Responses of Antennal Olfactory Sensilla to Insect Chemical Repellents in the Yellow Fever Mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
Perinatal transmission of yellow fever, Brazil, 2009.
Anamnestic immune response to dengue and decreased severity of yellow Fever.
Inactivation of yellow fever virus in plasma after treatment with methylene blue and visible light and in platelet concentrates following treatment with ultraviolet C light.
Yellow fever vaccine attenuation revealed: loss of diversity.
17D yellow fever vaccines: new insights. A report of a workshop held during the World Congress on medicine and health in the tropics, Marseille, France, Monday 12 September 2005.
A comparative study of the effect of multiple immersions on Aedini (Diptera: Culicidae) mosquito eggs with emphasis on sylvan vectors of yellow fever virus.
[Vaccination against yellow fever among patients on immunosuppressors with diagnoses of rheumatic diseases].
Estimating the size of <i>Aedes aegypti</i> populations from dengue incidence data: Implications for the risk of yellow fever outbreaks.
Comparative assessment of the replication efficiency of dengue, yellow fever, and chikungunya arboviruses in some insect and mammalian cell lines.
Brazilian recommendations on the safety and effectiveness of the yellow fever vaccination in patients with chronic immune-mediated inflammatory diseases.
Epizootics due to Yellow Fever Virus in São Paulo State, Brazil: viral dissemination to new areas (2016-2017).
[The risk of yellow fever in travellers].
[Progress in the genome and viral proteins of yellow fever virus].
Construction and characterization of a recombinant yellow fever virus stably expressing Gaussia luciferase.
Construction of yellow fever virus subgenomic replicons by yeast-based homologous recombination cloning technique.
Mortality and morbidity among military personnel and civilians during the 1930s and World War II from transmission of hepatitis during yellow fever vaccination: systematic review.
[Yellow fever: study of an outbreak].
Yellow fever vaccine-associated viscerotropic disease and death in Spain.
Increasing Vero viable cell densities for yellow fever virus production in stirred-tank bioreactors using serum-free medium.
Yellow fever vaccination: some thoughts on how much is enough [Vaccine 23 (2005) 3908-3914].
Flight performance and teneral energy reserves of two genetically-modified and one wild-type strain of the yellow fever mosquito Aedes aegypti.
T-cell memory responses elicited by yellow fever vaccine are targeted to overlapping epitopes containing multiple HLA-I and -II binding motifs.
The historiography of yellow fever in Latin America since 1980: the limits of presentism.
Synthetic strategy and antiviral evaluation of diamide containing heterocycles targeting dengue and yellow fever virus.
[Yellow fever epidemic threatens refugee camps in western Sudan].
Outbreak news. Yellow fever, Sudan – update.
Live virus vaccines based on a yellow fever vaccine backbone: standardized template with key considerations for a risk/benefit assessment.
Host-cell interaction of attenuated and wild-type strains of yellow fever virus can be differentiated at early stages of hepatocyte infection.
Impact of yellow fever vaccine on patients with psoriasis: preliminary results.
Adaptation of yellow fever virus 17D to Vero cells is associated with mutations in structural and non-structural protein genes.
Yellow fever in a Brazilian family returning from vacation in an endemic area: relevant clinical features and epidemiological issues.
A randomized, double-blind, controlled trial of the 17D yellow fever virus vaccine given in combination with immune globulin or placebo: comparative viremia and immunogenicity.
Outbreak news. Yellow fever, Sudan.
Genomic and phylogenetic characterization of Brazilian yellow fever virus strains.
Corrigendum: Duration of Humoral and Cellular Immunity 8 Years After Administration of Reduced Doses of the 17DD-Yellow Fever Vaccine.
Assessing yellow Fever risk in the ecuadorian Amazon.
Characterization of a viscerotropic yellow fever vaccine variant from a patient in Brazil.
Narcolepsy Following Yellow Fever Vaccination: A Case Report.
Yellow Fever Vaccine: The Conundrum of 2 Doses, One Dose, or One-Fifth Dose to Induce and Maintain Protective Immunity.
Novel synthetic nucleotides of notifiable dengue (1-4), Japanese encephalitis, yellow fever and Zika flaviviruses.
Toxic epidermal necrolysis after yellow fever vaccination.
The effects of yellow fever immunization (17DD) inadvertently used in early pregnancy during a mass campaign in Brazil.
Cluster-sample surveys and lot quality assurance sampling to evaluate yellow fever immunisation coverage following a national campaign, Bolivia, 2007.
Why immunisation is essential for controlling yellow fever.
[An exotic disease in the Basque Country during the 19th century - the 1823 yellow fever epidemic in Port-du-Passage (today Pasaia/Pasajes)].
Yellow fever and Hajj 2019: from airline introduction of mosquitoes to expanding geography of transmission and vaccination challenges.
Yellow Fever and the Emergence of Public Health Policy in Charleston, South Carolina.
Chimeric yellow fever 17D-Zika virus (ChimeriVax-Zika) as a live-attenuated Zika virus vaccine.
TLR expression and NK cell activation after human yellow fever vaccination.
Immune response during adverse events after 17D-derived yellow fever vaccination in Europe.
High stability of yellow fever 17D-204 vaccine: a 12-year restrospective analysis of large-scale production.
[Should yellow fever vaccination be recommended during pregnancy or breastfeeding?].
Revisiting the liver in human yellow fever: virus-induced apoptosis in hepatocytes associated with TGF-beta, TNF-alpha and NK cells activity.
Vector competence of Australian mosquitoes for yellow fever virus.
Duration of Humoral and Cellular Immunity 8 Years After Administration of Reduced Doses of the 17DD-Yellow Fever Vaccine.
Yellow fever in the Americas: the growing concern about new epidemics.
Live Attenuated Yellow Fever 17D Vaccine: A Legacy Vaccine Still Controlling Outbreaks In Modern Day.
Fatal multiorgan failure due to yellow fever vaccine-associated viscerotropic disease.
Persistence of yellow fever vaccine RNA in urine.
Swarming mechanisms in the yellow fever mosquito: aggregation pheromones are involved in the mating behavior of Aedes aegypti.
Reactogenicity of yellow fever vaccines in a randomized, placebo-controlled trial.
Midzonal lesions in yellow fever: a specific pattern of liver injury caused by direct virus action and in situ inflammatory response.
Efficacy of Some Wearable Devices Compared with Spray-On Insect Repellents for the Yellow Fever Mosquito, Aedes aegypti (L.) (Diptera: Culicidae).
Risk assessment for yellow Fever in Western and north-Western provinces of zambia.
Mutagenesis analysis of T380R mutation in the envelope protein of yellow fever virus.
Crotoxin and phospholipases A₂ from Crotalus durissus terrificus showed antiviral activity against dengue and yellow fever viruses.
[Result of serology test for yellow fever virus (YFV) in the entry-exit persons in Guangzhou frontier port and the forecast of risk on YFV infection].
CD4/CD8 Ratio Predicts Yellow Fever Vaccine-Induced Antibody Titers in Virologically Suppressed HIV-Infected Patients.
Chaperone-Assisted Protein Folding Is Critical for Yellow Fever Virus NS3/4A Cleavage and Replication.
Multifocal choroiditis following simultaneous hepatitis A, typhoid, and yellow fever vaccination.
Synthesis and evaluation of imidazole-4,5- and pyrazine-2,3-dicarboxamides targeting dengue and yellow fever virus.
[Completed sequences analysis on the Chinese attenuated yellow fever 17D vaccine strain and the WHO standard yellow fever 17D vaccine strain].
Zika, dengue and yellow fever viruses induce differential anti-viral immune responses in human monocytic and first trimester trophoblast cells.
Plasma HIV-RNA is the key determinant of long-term antibody persistence after Yellow fever immunization in a cohort of 364 HIV-infected patients.
New developments in flavivirus vaccines with special attention to yellow fever.
Gamma-interferon exerts a critical early restriction on replication and dissemination of yellow fever virus vaccine strain 17D-204.
Safety profile of the yellow fever vaccine Stamaril®: a 17-year review.
Yellow fever disease in a renal transplant recipient: Case report and literature review.
Methodology for definition of yellow fever priority areas, based on environmental variables and multiple correspondence analyses.
Spatial and temporal abundance of three sylvatic yellow fever vectors in the influence area of the Manso hydroelectric power plant, Mato Grosso, Brazil.
Notes from the Field: Errors in Administration of an Excess Dosage of Yellow Fever Vaccine - United States, 2017.
Yellow fever in Africa and  South America, 2007.
[Investigation of dengue virus and yellow fever virus seropositivities in blood donors from Central/Northern Anatolia, Turkey].
Inhibitors of Yellow Fever Virus replication based on 1,3,5-triphenyl-4,5-dihydropyrazole scaffold: Design, synthesis and antiviral evaluation.
Efficacy of 2'-C-methylcytidine against yellow fever virus in cell culture and in a hamster model.
Impact of yellow fever outbreaks on two howler monkey species (Alouatta guariba clamitans and A. caraya) in Misiones, Argentina.
Development of a recombinant yellow fever vector expressing a HIV clade C founder envelope gp120.
On Ideas as Actors: How Ideas about Yellow Fever Causality Shaped Public Health Policy Responses in 19th-Century Galveston.
Successful immunization of an allogeneic bone marrow transplant recipient with live, attenuated yellow Fever vaccine.
Human Schwann cells are susceptible to infection with Zika and yellow fever viruses, but not dengue virus.
Household-based sero-epidemiologic survey after a yellow fever epidemic, Sudan, 2005.
Activity of T-705 in a hamster model of yellow fever virus infection in comparison with that of a chemically related compound, T-1106.
A flow cytometry-based assay for quantifying non-plaque forming strains of yellow fever virus.
Analysis of two imported cases of yellow fever infection from Ivory Coast and The Gambia to Germany and Belgium.
Walter Reed (1851-1902): on the cause of yellow fever.
Dengue and yellow fever--challenges for the development and use of vaccines.
Not a polar island: yellow fever, Spanish medical research, and the struggle for scientific and political hegemony in late nineteenth century Cuba.
Lichen striatus following yellow fever vaccination in an adult woman.
Moment-to-moment flight manoeuvres of the female yellow fever mosquito (Aedes aegypti L.) in response to plumes of carbon dioxide and human skin odour.
Yellow fever vaccine viremia following ablative BM suppression in AML.
Inactivation of yellow fever virus with amotosalen and ultraviolet A light pathogen-reduction technology.
Risk of yellow fever virus importation into the United States from Brazil, outbreak years 2016-2017 and 2017-2018.
The Effects of Japanese Encephalitis Vaccine and Accelerated Dosing Scheduling on the Immunogenicity of the Chimeric Yellow Fever Derived Tetravalent Dengue Vaccine (CYD-TDV): A Phase II, Randomized, Open-label, Single Center Trial in Adults Aged 18 to 45 years in the United States.
Polarotaxis in egg-laying yellow fever mosquitoes Aedes (Stegomyia) aegypti is masked due to infochemicals.
Epizootics of yellow fever in Venezuela (2004-2005): an emerging zoonotic disease.
Yellow fever vaccine-associated adverse events following extensive immunization in Argentina.
[Contagiousness of yellow fever in the Netherlands between 1820 and 1825. Medical and sanitary aspects of a polymorphic disease].
Bacteria-mediated modification of insecticide toxicity in the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
A peridomestic Aedes malayensis population in Singapore can transmit yellow fever virus.
Yellow fever vaccination: how much is enough?
Lewis W. Hackett and the early years of the International Health Board's Yellow Fever Program in Brazil, 1917-1924.
Travel Pattern and Prescription Analysis at a Single Travel Clinic Specialized for Yellow Fever Vaccination in South Korea.
Yellow Fever in Travelers.
Knockout of juvenile hormone receptor, Methoprene-tolerant, induces black larval phenotype in the yellow fever mosquito, <i>Aedes aegypti</i>.
Pre-existing yellow fever immunity impairs and modulates the antibody response to tick-borne encephalitis vaccination.
Severe Yellow Fever and Extreme Hyperferritinemia Managed with Therapeutic Plasma Exchange.
Inherited IFNAR1 deficiency in otherwise healthy patients with adverse reaction to measles and yellow fever live vaccines.
Alboserpin, a factor Xa inhibitor from the mosquito vector of yellow fever, binds heparin and membrane phospholipids and exhibits antithrombotic activity.
Early exposure to yellow fever vaccine during pregnancy.
The revised International Health Regulations (2005): impact on yellow fever vaccination in clinical practice.
Persistence of Neutralizing Antibody Responses Among Yellow Fever Virus 17D Vaccinees Living in a Nonendemic Setting.
Human Odour Coding in the Yellow Fever Mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
A genomic approach to inferring kinship reveals limited intergenerational dispersal in the yellow fever mosquito.
Notes from the field: fatal yellow fever vaccine-associated viscerotropic disease--Oregon, September 2014.
Three-dimensional visualization of cultural clusters in the 1878 yellow fever epidemic of New Orleans.
Detection of antibodies against Icoaraci, Ilhéus, and Saint Louis Encephalitis arboviruses during yellow fever monitoring surveillance in non-human primates (Alouatta caraya) in southern Brazil.
Yellow Fever: Factors Associated with Death in a Hospital of Reference in Infectious Diseases, São Paulo, Brazil, 2018.
Identification of three H-2K(d) restricted CTL epitopes of NS4A and NS4B protein from Yellow fever 17D vaccine.
Capture of Alouatta guariba clamitans for the surveillance of sylvatic yellow fever and zoonotic malaria: Which is the best strategy in the tropical Atlantic Forest?
A case of yellow fever vaccine-associated viscerotropic disease in Ecuador.
Sex and age modulate antennal chemosensory-related genes linked to the onset of host seeking in the yellow-fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
Carlos Finlay and yellow fever: triumph over adversity.
A recombinant Yellow Fever 17D vaccine expressing Lassa virus glycoproteins.
Dynamic behavior of sylvatic yellow fever in Brazil (1954-2008).
Development of CS-TPP-dsRNA nanoparticles to enhance RNAi efficiency in the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
Simultaneous detection of Dengue virus, Chikungunya virus, Zika virus, Yellow fever virus and West Nile virus.
Yellow fever vaccine.
E protein domain III determinants of yellow fever virus 17D vaccine strain enhance binding to glycosaminoglycans, impede virus spread, and attenuate virulence.
Outbreak news. Yellow fever, Sierra Leone.
In vivo functional genomic studies of sterol carrier protein-2 gene in the yellow fever mosquito.
Randomized, double-blind, phase III, pivotal field trial of the comparative immunogenicity, safety, and tolerability of two yellow fever 17D vaccines (Arilvax and YF-VAX) in healthy infants and children in Peru.
Emergency Risk Communication: Lessons Learned from a Rapid Review of Recent Gray Literature on Ebola, Zika, and Yellow Fever.
Tracking genetic invasions: Genome-wide single nucleotide polymorphisms reveal the source of pyrethroid-resistant <i>Aedes aegypti</i> (yellow fever mosquito) incursions at international ports.
Detection and subtyping of dengue 1-4 and yellow fever viruses by means of a multiplex RT-nested-PCR using degenerated primers.
Is the absence or intermittent YF vaccination the major contributor to its persistent outbreaks in eastern Africa?
Immunogenicity and safety of tetravalent dengue vaccine in 2-11 year-olds previously vaccinated against yellow fever: randomized, controlled, phase II study in Piura, Peru.
Outbreak news. Yellow fever, Côte d’Ivoire –update.
Fresh, dried or smoked? Repellent properties of volatiles emitted from ethnomedicinal plant leaves against malaria and yellow fever vectors in Ethiopia.
Genome analysis and phylogenetic relationships between east, central and west African isolates of Yellow fever virus.
Frog skin cultures secrete anti-yellow fever compounds.
[Yellow fever].
Outbreak news. Yellow fever, Uganda.
Outbreak news. Yellow fever, Côte d’Ivoire.
Hepatocyte lesions and cellular immune response in yellow fever infection.
Insights into human CD8(+) T-cell memory using the yellow fever and smallpox vaccines.
Functional characterization of the octenol receptor neuron on the maxillary palps of the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
Yellow fever preparedness.
Adverse event reports following yellow fever vaccination.
Comparison of the inhibitory effects of interferon alfacon-1 and ribavirin on yellow fever virus infection in a hamster model.
The Aquaporin gene family of the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
International laboratory network for yellow fever vaccine-associated adverse events.
Outbreak news. Yellow fever, Paraguay.
[Flavivirus infections: yellow fever, dengue fever and Japanese encephalitis].
[Entomological investigation following the re-emergence of yellow fever in 2008 in Abidjan area (Côte d'Ivoire)].
Immunogenicity of WHO-17D and Brazilian 17DD yellow fever vaccines: a randomized trial.
Outbreak news. Yellow fever, Brazil.
Larval midgut modifications associated with Bti resistance in the yellow fever mosquito using proteomic and transcriptomic approaches.
Yellow fever surveillance and outbreak response: revision of case definitions, October 2010.
Enrollment in YFV Vaccine Trial: An Evaluation of Recruitment Outcomes Associated with a Randomized Controlled Double-Blind Trial of a Live Attenuated Yellow Fever Vaccine.
Lymphocyte subset analyses in healthy adults vaccinated with yellow fever 17DD virus.
Yellow fever, Senegal.
The yellow fever 17D vaccine and risk of malignant melanoma in the United States military.
CD8+ gamma-delta TCR+ and CD4+ T cells produce IFN-γ at 5-7 days after yellow fever vaccination in Indian rhesus macaques, before the induction of classical antigen-specific T cell responses.
Nutritional Quality during Development Alters Insulin-Like Peptides' Expression and Physiology of the Adult Yellow Fever Mosquito, <i>Aedes aegypti</i>.
Production of yellow fever 17DD vaccine virus in primary culture of chicken embryo fibroblasts: yields, thermo and genetic stability, attenuation and immunogenicity.
Defects in coatomer protein I (COPI) transport cause blood feeding-induced mortality in Yellow Fever mosquitoes.
Innate immune responses in human dendritic cells upon infection by chimeric yellow-fever dengue vaccine serotypes 1-4.
Survival and swimming behavior of insecticide-exposed larvae and pupae of the yellow fever mosquito Aedes aegypti.
The changing epidemiology of yellow fever and dengue, 1900 to 2003: full circle?
Multivariate discrimination between two cryptic Haemagogus species associated with the transmission of yellow fever virus in the Americas.
Use of hub cutters and the volume of sharp waste and occurrence of needle-stick injuries during 2011 mass immunization campaigns against yellow fever in Ghana: a cohort study.
Response to "Case of yellow fever vaccine-associated viscerotropic disease with prolonged viremia, robust adaptive immune responses, and polymorphisms in CCR5 and RANTES genes".
A yellow fever-Zika chimeric virus vaccine candidate protects against Zika infection and congenital malformations in mice.
[Yellow fever: nurse counseling on travelers' health at basic health clinics].
Evaluation of an oviposition-stimulating kairomone for the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti, in Recife, Brazil.
AaCAT1 of the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti: a novel histidine-specific amino acid transporter from the SLC7 family.
Places, attitudes and moments during the epidemics: representations of yellow fever and cholera in the city of Buenos Aires, 1867-1871.
Collaborative study to assess the suitability of a candidate International Standard for yellow fever vaccine.
William Gorgas: yellow fever meets its nemesis.
Update on progress controlling   yellow fever in Africa, 2004-2008.
Distribution of yellow fever vectors in Northwestern and Western Provinces, Zambia.
Reduced intradermal test dose of yellow fever vaccine induces protective immunity in individuals with egg allergy.
Update regarding interim Canadian recommendations for the use of a fractional dose of yellow fever vaccine during a vaccine shortage.
"In the interest of humanity and the cause of science": the yellow fever volunteers.
Crystal structure of the C-terminal fragment of NS1 protein from yellow fever virus.
Yellow fever 17D-vectored vaccines expressing Lassa virus GP1 and GP2 glycoproteins provide protection against fatal disease in guinea pigs.
Construction of yellow fever/St. Louis encephalitis chimeric virus and the use of chimeras as a diagnostic tool.
Safety of the yellow fever vaccine during the September 2001 mass vaccination campaign in Abidjan, Ivory Coast.
Efficient, trans-complementing packaging systems for chimeric, pseudoinfectious dengue 2/yellow fever viruses.
Yellow fever virus vaccine-associated deaths in young women.
Yellow fever vaccine seroconversion in travelers.
Infection of hepatocytes with 17-D vaccine-strain yellow fever virus induces a strong pro-inflammatory host response.
Risk of fatal adverse events associated with 17DD yellow fever vaccine.
Yellow fever vaccine associated viscerotropic disease in a 62 year old British traveller: a case report.
Yellow fever recommendations for tourists to Kenya: a flawed risk assessment?
Phenotypic and molecular characterization of a non-lethal, hamster-viscerotropic strain of yellow fever virus.
Description of a prospective 17DD yellow fever vaccine cohort in Recife, Brazil.
Priming effect of dengue and yellow fever vaccination on the immunogenicity, infectivity, and safety of a tetravalent dengue vaccine in humans.
Size heterogeneity in the 3' noncoding region of South American isolates of yellow fever virus.
Fears rise over yellow fever's next move.
Yellow fever in the Americas: risks for the Caribbean islands.
Are booster doses of yellow fever vaccine needed?
Infectious disease. Resurgence of yellow fever in Africa prompts a counterattack.
Isolation and characterization of wild type yellow fever virus in cases temporally associated with 17DD vaccination during an outbreak of yellow fever in Brazil.
Yellow fever in the Americas: risks for the Caribbean islands.
Assessment of yellow fever epidemic risk--a decision-making tool for preventive immunization campaigns.
The eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit L protein interacts with Flavivirus NS5 and may modulate yellow fever virus replication.
Immunohistochemical examination of the role of Fas ligand and lymphocytes in the pathogenesis of human liver yellow fever.
Mutation of critical residues reveals insights of yellow fever virus nonstructural protein 1 (NS1) stability and its formation.
Re-emergent yellow fever: new faces of an old killer.
Yellow Fever Vaccine as a Possible Trigger of Inflammatory Myopathy: A Case Report.
Early N-acetylcysteine for hospitalised patients with yellow fever.
A Contemporary Black Perspective on the 1793 Yellow Fever Epidemic in Philadelphia.
Correction to: Complete NMR chemical shift assignments of odorant binding protein 22 from the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti, bound to arachidonic acid.
[Yellow fever--a tropical danger].
Rapid Evolution of Ovarian-Biased Genes in the Yellow Fever Mosquito (<i>Aedes aegypti</i>).
Antiviral immune response after live yellow fever vaccination of a kidney transplant recipient treated with IVIG.
Renewed safety warnings for yellow fever vaccine.
Reducing the cost and assessing the performance of a novel adult mass-rearing cage for the dengue, chikungunya, yellow fever and Zika vector, Aedes aegypti (Linnaeus).
Yellow fever vaccination for immunocompromised travellers: unjustified vaccination hesitancy?
[Yellow fever vaccination in non-immunocompetent patients].
[Yellow fever].
Yellow fever virus isolated from a fatal post vaccination event: an experimental comparative study with the 17DD vaccine strain in the Syrian hamster (Mesocricetus auratus).
Yellow fever: the recurring plague.
Short report: Incidence of yellow fever vaccine-associated neurotropic disease.
Clinical trial with unlicensed yellow fever vaccine in Japan.
Yellow fever vaccine and egg allergy.
Outbreak news. Yellow fever, Togo--update.
Yellow Fever-induced Acute Lung Injury.
[The yellow fever epidemic in Saint-Nazaire in 1861].
Yellow fever vaccine-associated viscerotropic disease (YEL-AVD) and corticosteroid therapy: eleven United States cases, 1996-2004.
The yellow fever vaccine: a history.
Outbreak news. Yellow fever, Togo.
Knowledge Attitude and Practice (KAP) Study of Yellow Fever among International Students of Tehran University of Medical Sciences, Iran.
Long-Term Protection After Fractional-Dose Yellow Fever Vaccination.
Improving clinical management of patients with severe yellow fever.
Neuroblastoma cell-adapted yellow fever virus: mutagenesis of the E protein locus involved in persistent infection and its effects on virus penetration and spread.
Molecular and phenotypic analysis of a working seed lot of yellow fever virus 17DD vaccine strain produced from the secondary seed lot 102/84 with an additional passage in chicken embryos.
Advances and controversies in yellow fever vaccination.
Insights From 2 Outbreaks in Southeastern Brazil: Yellow Fever Retinopathy.
Assessing the Potential Interactions between Cellular miRNA and Arboviral Genomic RNA in the Yellow Fever Mosquito, <i>Aedes aegypti</i>.
Neurovirulence of yellow fever 17DD vaccine virus to rhesus monkeys.
Recombinant yellow fever viruses elicit CD8+ T cell responses and protective immunity against Trypanosoma cruzi.
The synergistic effect of combined immunization with a DNA vaccine and chimeric yellow fever/dengue virus leads to strong protection against dengue.
Manipulation of the yellow fever virus non-structural genes 2A and 4B and the 3'non-coding region to evaluate genetic determinants of viral dissemination from the Aedes aegypti midgut.
Factors Affecting Short-Range Host-Seeking for the Yellow Fever Mosquito (Diptera: Culicidae).
Detection of the mosquito-borne flaviviruses, West Nile, Dengue, Saint Louis Encephalitis, Ilheus, Bussuquara, and Yellow Fever in free-ranging black howlers (Alouatta caraya) of Northeastern Argentina.
Dissecting Antibodies Induced by a Chimeric Yellow Fever-Dengue, Live-Attenuated, Tetravalent Dengue Vaccine (CYD-TDV) in Naive and Dengue-Exposed Individuals.
Bacteria stimulate hatching of yellow fever mosquito eggs.
The fat body transcriptomes of the yellow fever mosquito Aedes aegypti, pre- and post- blood meal.
Yellow fever vaccine. WHO position paper.
Microorganism-Based Larval Diets Affect Mosquito Development, Size and Nutritional Reserves in the Yellow Fever Mosquito <i>Aedes aegypti</i> (Diptera: Culicidae).
Walter Reed at Camp Lazear: A Paradigm for Contemporary Clinical Research.
Acute Liver Failure Secondary to Yellow Fever: A Challenging Scenario.
Liver Transplantation for Fulminant Hepatitis Attributed to Yellow Fever.
Yellow fever: is Asia prepared for an epidemic?
Limited replication of yellow fever 17DD and 17D-Dengue recombinant viruses in rhesus monkeys.
A single amino acid substitution in the envelope protein of chimeric yellow fever-dengue 1 vaccine virus reduces neurovirulence for suckling mice and viremia/viscerotropism for monkeys.
Yellow fever in Africa  and South America, 2006.
Evaluation of accuracy and reliability of the plaque reduction neutralization test (micro-PRNT) in detection of yellow fever virus antibodies.
Characterization of main cytokine sources from the innate and adaptive immune responses following primary 17DD yellow fever vaccination in adults.
Retinal maculopathy in an adult with yellow fever.
Yellow Fever.
Quality improvement in travel medicine: a programme for yellow fever vaccination centres in England, Wales and Northern Ireland.
Out of Africa: a molecular perspective on the introduction of yellow fever virus into the Americas.
Characterization of the oxysterol-binding protein gene family in the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
Dengue and the risk of urban yellow fever reintroduction in São Paulo State, Brazil.
Uncommon presentation of pityriasis rosea after yellow fever inoculation.
Current status of the Arilvax; yellow fever vaccine.
Gustatory receptor neuron responds to DEET and other insect repellents in the yellow-fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
NHE8 is an intracellular cation/H+ exchanger in renal tubules of the yellow fever mosquito Aedes aegypti.
[Serologic survey for yellow fever and other arboviruses among inhabitants of Rio Branco, Brazil, before and three months after receiving the yellow fever 17D vaccine].
Aedes aegypti in Brazil: genetically differentiated populations with high susceptibility to dengue and yellow fever viruses.
[Centenary of the discovery of yellow fever virus and its transmission by a mosquito (Cuba 1900-1901)].
Mapping Yellow Fever Virus in Brazil.
Ultrastructural Analysis of Chikungunya Virus Dissemination from the Midgut of the Yellow Fever Mosquito, <i>Aedes aegypti</i>.
Vaccination coverage survey versus administrative data in the assessment of mass yellow fever immunization in internally displaced persons--Liberia, 2004.
Correction to: Meningomyeloradiculitis following yellow fever 17D vaccination: a case report.
Yellow fever situation in Africa and South America, 2005.
Evaluation of yellow fever vaccination centers in Canada.
Yellow fever.
Detection of yellow fever virus: a comparison of quantitative real-time PCR and plaque assay.
Fulminant hepatitis and multisystem organ failure following yellow fever vaccination: description of a fatal case.
Localized bullous fixed drug eruption following yellow fever vaccine.
Human immune memory to yellow fever and smallpox vaccination.
Genetic structure and phylogeography of Aedes aegypti, the dengue and yellow-fever mosquito vector in Bolivia.
Understanding the role of innate immunity in the mechanism of action of the live attenuated Yellow Fever Vaccine 17D.
MAC-ELISA and ELISA inhibition methods for detection of antibodies after yellow fever vaccination.
RE: Non-specific effects of co-administration of live measles, yellow fever and pentavalent vaccines on mortality?
Development of a membrane adsorber based capture step for the purification of yellow fever virus.
Characterization of an enantioselective odorant receptor in the yellow fever mosquito Aedes aegypti.
A case of yellow fever in a brown howler (Alouatta fusca) in Southern Brazil.
Fulminant hepatic failure in northern Brazil: morphological, immunohistochemical and pathogenic aspects of Lábrea hepatitis and yellow fever.
A newly discovered flavivirus in the yellow fever virus group displays restricted replication in vertebrates.
Sequential Infection with Common Pathogens Promotes Human-like Immune Gene Expression and Altered Vaccine Response.
Reconsideration of histopathology and ultrastructural aspects of the human liver in yellow fever.
Restricted replication and lysosomal trafficking of yellow fever 17D vaccine virus in human dendritic cells.
Does yellow fever 17D vaccine protect against melanoma?
Serotonin-induced high intracellular pH aids in alkali secretion in the anterior midgut of larval yellow fever mosquito Aedes aegypti L.
Characterization of Sepik and Entebbe bat viruses closely related to yellow fever virus.
Rio de Janeiro against Aedes aegypti: yellow fever in 1908 and dengue in 2008 - editorial.
[Microeconomic evaluation of a mass preventive immunisation campaign against meningococcal meningitis and yellow fever in Senegal in 1997].
17D Yellow Fever Virus Vaccine.
Recombinant yellow fever vaccine virus 17D expressing simian immunodeficiency virus SIVmac239 gag induces SIV-specific CD8+ T-cell responses in rhesus macaques.
[Yellow Fever].
Development of a SYBR green I based RT-PCR assay for yellow fever virus: application in assessment of YFV infection in Aedes aegypti.
Late vaccination against yellow fever of travelers visiting endemic countries.
Synthesis and structure-activity relationships of carbohydrazides and 1,3,4-oxadiazole derivatives bearing an imidazolidine moiety against the yellow fever and dengue vector, Aedes aegypti.
Progress in the control of yellow fever in Africa.
Localization and role of inward rectifier K(+) channels in Malpighian tubules of the yellow fever mosquito Aedes aegypti.
The US-Certified Yellow Fever Vaccination Center Registry: a tool for travelers, state health departments, and vaccine providers.
Yellow fever outbreak, southern Sudan, 2003.
Corrigendum: RNA-Seq Comparison of Larval and Adult Malpighian Tubules of the Yellow Fever Mosquito <i>Aedes aegypti</i> Reveals Life Stage-Specific Changes in Renal Function.
A Blood Meal Enhances Innexin mRNA Expression in the Midgut, Malpighian Tubules, and Ovaries of the Yellow Fever Mosquito Aedes aegypti.
Evidence of human leptospirosis cases in a cohort of febrile patients in Bangui, Central African Republic: a retrospective study, 2012-2015.
Case of yellow fever vaccine--associated viscerotropic disease with prolonged viremia, robust adaptive immune responses, and polymorphisms in CCR5 and RANTES genes.
An Overview of Yellow Fever Virus Disease.
Pathogenesis and pathophysiology of yellow fever.
[Biological and pathological data in a case of yellow fever imported from the Gambia].
Pharmacological and Genetic Evidence for Gap Junctions as Potential New Insecticide Targets in the Yellow Fever Mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
Imidacloprid impairs the post-embryonic development of the midgut in the yellow fever mosquito Stegomyia aegypti (=Aedes aegypti).
Alterations in the Aedes aegypti transcriptome during infection with West Nile, dengue and yellow fever viruses.
Clinical and immunological insights on severe, adverse neurotropic and viscerotropic disease following 17D yellow fever vaccination.
Repellency of the Origanum onites L. essential oil and constituents to the lone star tick and yellow fever mosquito.
Genetic stability of a dengue vaccine based on chimeric yellow fever/dengue viruses.
Coagulation factors, fibrinogen and plasminogen activator inhibitor-1, are differentially regulated by yellow fever virus infection of hepatocytes.
Flight height preference for oviposition of mosquito (Diptera: Culicidae) vectors of sylvatic yellow fever virus near the hydroelectric reservoir of Simplício, Minas Gerais, Brazil.
Carlos Juan Finlay (1833-1915): of mosquitoes and yellow fever.
Age-related risk of adverse events following yellow fever vaccination in Australia.
Fluid absorption in the isolated midgut of adult female yellow fever mosquitoes (Aedes aegypti).
A Belgian traveler who acquired yellow fever in the Gambia.
Yellow fever vaccine as a vehicle to better travel medicine.
Genome-wide RNA profiling of long-lasting stem cell-like memory CD8 T cells induced by Yellow Fever vaccination in humans.
Functional implications of the peptidoglycan recognition proteins in the immunity of the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
[New Orleans: jazz and yellow fever].
Yellow fever vaccine. Recommendations of the Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices (ACIP), 2002.
Viscerotropic and neurotropic disease following vaccination with the 17D yellow fever vaccine, ARILVAX.
History of thymoma and yellow fever vaccination.
The molecular and immunochemical expression of innexins in the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti: insights into putative life stage- and tissue-specific functions of gap junctions.
Spatiotemporal distribution of diurnal yellow fever vectors (Diptera: Culicidae) at two sylvan interfaces in Kenya, East Africa.
Determinants of Compliance of Travelers with Vaccination and Malaria Prophylaxis at a Travel Clinic.
Yellow Fever and Traveling Athletes: Is Competing in Brazil Safe?
The small nuclear ribonucleoprotein U1A interacts with NS5 from yellow fever virus.
Detection of Th1/Th2 cytokine signatures in yellow fever 17DD first-time vaccinees through ELISpot assay.
Mathematical modeling based on ordinary differential equations: A promising approach to vaccinology.
Efficient transposition of the youngest miniature inverted repeat transposable element family of yellow fever mosquito in yeast.
Comparative phylogenies of yellow fever isolates from Peru and Brazil.
Docking Studies of Adenosine Analogues with NS5 Methyltransferase of Yellow Fever Virus.
Yellow fever and public health in Brazil.
RNA-Seq Comparison of Larval and Adult Malpighian Tubules of the Yellow Fever Mosquito <i>Aedes aegypti</i> Reveals Life Stage-Specific Changes in Renal Function.
Max Theiler (1899-1972): Creator of the yellow fever vaccine.
Yellow fever and Japanese encephalitis vaccines: indications and complications.
In vitro and in vivo antiviral properties of sulfated galactomannans against yellow fever virus (BeH111 strain) and dengue 1 virus (Hawaii strain).
Multicolored silver nanoparticles for multiplexed disease diagnostics: distinguishing dengue, yellow fever, and Ebola viruses.
Looking back at yellow fever in Angola.
Larvicidal effects of fungal Meroterpenoids in the control of Aedes aegypti L., the main vector of dengue and Yellow fever.
De novo assembly and annotation of the Asian tiger mosquito (Aedes albopictus) repeatome with dnaPipeTE from raw genomic reads and comparative analysis with the yellow fever mosquito (Aedes aegypti).
Multi-parameter approach to evaluate the timing of memory status after 17DD-YF primary vaccination.
Biological and immunological characterization of recombinant Yellow Fever 17D viruses expressing a Trypanosoma cruzi Amastigote Surface Protein-2 CD8+ T cell epitope at two distinct regions of the genome.
Docking studies towards exploring antiviral compounds against envelope protein of yellow fever virus.
Differential cytokine responses from primary human Kupffer cells following infection with wild-type or vaccine strain yellow fever virus.
Interim Canadian Recommendations for the use of fractional dose of yellow fever vaccine during a vaccine shortage: Now in effect.
Identification and initial characterization of matrix metalloproteinases in the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
Yellow fever outbreak, Imatong, southern Sudan.
Evaluation of an indirect immunofluorescence assay for detection of immunoglobulin M (IgM) and IgG antibodies against yellow fever virus.
Comparative study on in vitro activities of citral, limonene and essential oils from Lippia citriodora and L. alba on yellow fever virus.
Wild terrestrial rainforest mammals as potential reservoirs for flaviviruses (yellow fever, dengue 2 and St Louis encephalitis viruses) in French Guiana.
Immunogenicity of seven new recombinant yellow fever viruses 17D expressing fragments of SIVmac239 Gag, Nef, and Vif in Indian rhesus macaques.
Outbreak of jaundice and hemorrhagic fever in the Southeast of Brazil in 2001: detection and molecular characterization of yellow fever virus.
Outbreak news. Yellow fever, Republic of the Congo.
Erratum: Efficacy of Some Wearable Devices Compared with Spray-On Insect Repellents for the Yellow Fever Mosquito, Aedes aegypti (L.) (Diptera: Culicidae).
Entomological investigation of a sylvatic yellow fever area in São Paulo State, Brazil.
An integrated linkage, chromosome, and genome map for the yellow fever mosquito Aedes aegypti.
Yellow fever in the Americas.
Mutation and docking studies on NS2b-NS3 complex from yellow fever virus towards drug discovery.
Larvicidal and oviposition-altering activity of monoterpenoids, trans-anithole and rosemary oil to the yellow fever mosquito Aedes aegypti (Diptera: Culicidae).
Enzootic transmission of yellow fever virus in Peru.
Binding of a fluorescence reporter and a ligand to an odorant-binding protein of the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
US$58 million grant to fight yellow fever in Africa.
Physiological recordings and RNA sequencing of the gustatory appendages of the yellow-fever mosquito Aedes aegypti.
Toxicity of Compounds Isolated from White Snakeroot (Ageratina altissima) to Adult and Larval Yellow Fever Mosquitoes (Aedes aegypti).
Yellow fever 17-D vaccine is neurotropic and produces encephalitis in immunosuppressed hamsters.
Yellow fever in Africa: public health impact and prospects for control in the 21st century.
An RNA pseudoknot is required for production of yellow fever virus subgenomic RNA by the host nuclease XRN1.
Inhibitory effect of essential oils obtained from plants grown in Colombia on yellow fever virus replication in vitro.
Live attenuated yellow fever 17D infects human DCs and allows for presentation of endogenous and recombinant T cell epitopes.
Experimental yellow fever virus infection in the golden hamster (Mesocricetus auratus) III. Clinical laboratory values.
Yellow fever resurgent.
Yellow Fever Outbreak: O Vector Control, Where Art Thou?
Outbreak news.  Yellow fever, Guinea.
Suspected yellow fever vaccine-associated viscerotropic adverse events (1973 and 1978), United States.
Broad neutralization of wild-type dengue virus isolates following immunization in monkeys with a tetravalent dengue vaccine based on chimeric yellow fever 17D/dengue viruses.
Immunogenicity and safety of BERNA-YF compared with two other 17D yellow fever vaccines in a phase 3 clinical trial.
Occurrence of Autoimmune Diseases Related to the Vaccine against Yellow Fever.
Annotation and expression profiling of apoptosis-related genes in the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
The Strica Homolog AaCASPS16 Is Involved in Apoptosis in the Yellow Fever Vector, Aedes albopictus.
Yellow fever virus 17D envelope and NS3 proteins are major targets of the antiviral T cell response in mice.
[Ataxia as an adverse reaction to yellow fever vaccine].
Neuroadapted yellow fever virus strain 17D: a charged locus in domain III of the E protein governs heparin binding activity and neuroinvasiveness in the SCID mouse model.
Bleedings, purges, and vomits: Dr. Benjamin Rush's republican medicine, the bilious remitting yellow-fever epidemic of 1793, and the non-origin of the law of informed consent.
Identification of life-stage and tissue-specific splice variants of an inward rectifying potassium (Kir) channel in the yellow fever mosquito Aedes aegypti.
BCG Vaccination Protects against Experimental Viral Infection in Humans through the Induction of Cytokines Associated with Trained Immunity.
Outbreak news. Yellow fever, Guinea.
[The backstage story of the discovery of the yellow fever vaccination. 1966].
Booster dose after 10 years is recommended following 17DD-YF primary vaccination.
Immunogenicity and protective efficacy of a recombinant yellow fever vaccine against the murine malarial parasite Plasmodium yoelii.
JAMA patient page. Yellow fever.
Human impacts have shaped historical and recent evolution in Aedes aegypti, the dengue and yellow fever mosquito.
Activation of the cytokine network and unfavorable outcome in patients with yellow fever.
Retention of a recombinant GFP protein expressed by the yellow fever 17D virus in the E/NS1 intergenic region in the endoplasmic reticulum.
The global distribution of yellow fever and dengue.
Yellow fever vaccine and egg allergy: really a problem?
Neuropeptides in the antennal lobe of the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
Neuroblastoma cell-adapted yellow fever 17D virus: characterization of a viral variant associated with persistent infection and decreased virus spread.
Activation/modulation of adaptive immunity emerges simultaneously after 17DD yellow fever first-time vaccination: is this the key to prevent severe adverse reactions following immunization?
Live attenuated chimeric yellow fever dengue type 2 (ChimeriVax-DEN2) vaccine: Phase I clinical trial for safety and immunogenicity: effect of yellow fever pre-immunity in induction of cross neutralizing antibody responses to all 4 dengue serotypes.
Arbovirus investigation in patients from Mato Grosso during Zika and Chikungunya virus introdution in Brazil, 2015-2016.
Yellow fever vaccine safety: a reality or a myth?
Clinical and epidemiological characteristics of yellow fever in Brazil: analysis of reported cases 1998-2002.
Impact of Wolbachia on infection with chikungunya and yellow fever viruses in the mosquito vector Aedes aegypti.
Epidemiology and ecology of yellow fever virus.
Phoenix dactylifera L. spathe essential oil: chemical composition and repellent activity against the yellow fever mosquito.
Aedes Dronc: a novel ecdysone-inducible caspase in the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
Outbreak news. Yellow fever, Liberia.
Efficacy of post-exposure treatment of yellow fever with ribavirin in a hamster model of the disease.
Early IFN-gamma production after YF 17D vaccine virus immunization in mice and its association with adaptive immune responses.
Phenotypic and molecular analyses of yellow fever 17DD vaccine viruses associated with serious adverse events in Brazil.
Walter Reed and yellow fever: Reed W. J Hyg 1902; 2: 101-119.
The effect of bacterial challenge on ferritin regulation in the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
Carlos Finlay: discoverer of the vector of yellow fever.
Epidemic of jungle yellow fever in Brazil, 2000: implications of climatic alterations in disease spread.
Yellow fever vaccine: an updated assessment of advanced age as a risk factor for serious adverse events.
Aedes FADD: a novel death domain-containing protein required for antibacterial immunity in the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
Imaginal discs--a new source of chromosomes for genome mapping of the yellow fever mosquito Aedes aegypti.
Experience- and age-mediated oviposition behaviour in the yellow fever mosquito Stegomyia aegypti (=Aedes aegypti).
Expression of foreign protein epitopes at the surface of recombinant yellow fever 17D viruses based on three-dimensional modeling of its envelope protein.
[Travel vaccinations].
Human effector and memory CD8+ T cell responses to smallpox and yellow fever vaccines.
Yellow fever vaccination and Kawasaki disease.
Structure of yellow fever virus envelope protein domain III.
Yellow fever vaccination as a model to study the response to stimulation of the inflammation system.
Identification of inhibitors of yellow fever virus replication using a replicon-based high-throughput assay.
Volatile semiochemical-conditioned attraction of the male yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti, to human hosts.
nanos gene control DNA mediates developmentally regulated transposition in the yellow fever mosquito Aedes aegypti.
Yellow fever: readily prevented but difficult to treat.
Non-specific effects of childhood vaccinations - A case control study nested into a Health and Demographic Surveillance System in rural Burkina Faso.
Monitoring adverse events following yellow fever vaccination using an integrated telephone and Internet-based system.
Alteration of clinical outcome and histopathology of yellow fever virus infection in a hamster model by previous infection with heterologous flaviviruses.
The centennial of the Yellow Fever Commission and the use of informed consent in medical research.
Yellow fever: an update.
Molecular phylogeny of edge hill virus supports its position in the yellow Fever virus group and identifies a new genetic variant.
[Yellow fever epidemiology in Brazil].
Immunogenicity of the CYD tetravalent dengue vaccine using an accelerated schedule: randomised phase II study in US adults.
Mathematical modeling provides kinetic details of the human immune response to vaccination.
Fatal myeloencephalitis following yellow fever vaccination in a case with HIV infection.
Inadequate protection against yellow fever of children visiting endemic areas.
The risk of yellow fever in a dengue-infested area.
Shortage of vaccines during a yellow fever outbreak in Guinea.
The Attenuated Live Yellow Fever Virus 17D Infects the Thymus and Induces Thymic Transcriptional Modifications of Immunomodulatory Genes in C57BL/6 and BALB/C Mice.
Neurologic disease associated with 17D-204 yellow fever vaccination: a report of 15 cases.
A transgenic sensor strain for monitoring the RNAi pathway in the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
Genetic divergence and dispersal of yellow fever virus, Brazil.
[An epidemic risk of yellow fever in Burkina Faso despite a rapid immunisation riposte: role of a multidisciplinary investigation team].
Prevention of yellow fever in persons traveling to the tropics.
First report on invasion of yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti, at Narita International Airport, Japan in August 2012.
An open randomized study of inactivated hepatitis A vaccine administered concomitantly with typhoid fever and yellow fever vaccines.
Regulation of the ribonucleotide reductase small subunit (R2) in the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
[Of mice, vaccines and men: the Rockefeller Foundation Yellow Fever Program in Columbia, 1932-1948].
[Pauline Bonaparte in Santo Domingo during the yellow fever epidemic].
Stability of yellow fever virus under recombinatory pressure as compared with chikungunya virus.
[Yellow fever in Venezuela].
IMOJEV(®): a Yellow fever virus-based novel Japanese encephalitis vaccine.
A derivate of the antibiotic doxorubicin is a selective inhibitor of dengue and yellow fever virus replication in vitro.
[Construction of recombinant yellow fever virus 17D containing 2A fragment as a vaccine vector].
Invasion of Wolbachia at the residential block level is associated with local abundance of Stegomyia aegypti, yellow fever mosquito, populations and property attributes.
Yellow fever.
Max Theiler--Nobel Laureate for yellow fever vaccine.
Neutralizing antibody response to booster vaccination with the 17d yellow fever vaccine.
Risk assessment of yellow fever urbanization in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
NMR assignments of the yellow fever virus envelope protein domain III.
[Investigation surrounding a fatal case of yellow fever in Côte d'Ivoire in 1999].
Larval nutritional stress affects vector immune traits in adult yellow fever mosquito Aedes aegypti (Stegomyia aegypti).
[Detection and management of the yellow fever epidemic in the Ivory Coast, 2001].
Vaccinations for international travellers travelling from Greece.
Vector competence of Brazilian Aedes aegypti and Ae. albopictus for a Brazilian yellow fever virus isolate.
Yellow fever virus infection in Syrian golden hamsters: relationship between cytokine expression and pathologic changes.
Furor therapeuticus: Benjamin Rush and the Philadelphia yellow fever epidemic of 1793.
Yellow fever vaccine induces integrated multilineage and polyfunctional immune responses.
[Serological diagnosis of dengue and yellow fever infections in suspected cases from Pará State, Brazil, 1999].
Mapping the risk of yellow Fever infection.
Global risk mapping for major diseases transmitted by Aedes aegypti and Aedes albopictus.
Yellow fever 17D as a vaccine vector for microbial CTL epitopes: protection in a rodent malaria model.
Evaluation of yellow fever virus 17D strain as a new vector for HIV-1 vaccine development.
The single kinin receptor signals to separate and independent physiological pathways in Malpighian tubules of the yellow fever mosquito.
"Venerate the Lancet": Benjamin Rush's yellow fever therapy in context.
Zika, Chikungunya, and Other Emerging Vector-Borne Viral Diseases.
Men with low vitamin A stores respond adequately to primary yellow fever and secondary tetanus toxoid vaccination.
Amplified fragment length polymorphism mapping of quantitative trait loci for malaria parasite susceptibility in the yellow fever mosquito Aedes aegypti.
[Yellow fever virus].
Characterization of the antigen distribution and tissue tropisms of three phenotypically distinct yellow fever virus variants in orally infected Aedes aegypti mosquitoes.
The yellow fever outbreak of 1804 in Leghorn.
[Mosquito-transmitted infections].
[Adverse effects of attenuated yellow fever vaccine with multiple organ injury--a case report].
Construction and biological properties of yellow fever 17D/dengue type 1 recombinant virus.
Effects of yellow fever vaccination.
[From miasmas to mosquitoes: medical thought on yellow fever in Yucatan, 1890-1920].
Large genetic differentiation and low variation in vector competence for dengue and yellow fever viruses of Aedes albopictus from Brazil, the United States, and the Cayman Islands.
Influence of the IL-1Ra gene polymorphism on in vivo synthesis of IL-1Ra and IL-1beta after live yellow fever vaccination.
[Molecular detection of yellow fever virus in human sera and mice brains].
Correction: Recombinant Yellow Fever Viruses Elicit CD8+ T Cell Responses and Protective Immunity against Trypanosoma cruzi.
Comparative toxicity effect of bush tea leaves (Hyptis suaveolens) and orange peel (Citrus sinensis) oil extract on larvae of the yellow fever mosquito Aedes aegypti.
Heparan sulfate-mediated binding of infectious dengue virus type 2 and yellow fever virus.
Yellow fever 17D vaccine safety and immunogenicity in the elderly.
Killed in action: microbiologists and clinicians as victims of their occupation. Part 2: Yellow fever and bartonellosis.
Outbreak news. Yellow fever, Côte d'Ivoire.
Phylogeography of Aedes aegypti (yellow fever mosquito) in South Florida: mtDNA evidence for human-aided dispersal.
Centennial year of yellow fever eradication in New Orleans and the United States, 1905-2005.
The yellow fever situation in Africa and South America in 2004.
Bioassay-guided investigation of two Monarda essential oils as repellents of yellow fever mosquito Aedes aegypti.
Yellow Fever vaccination and vestibular schwannoma: a dangerous combination.
Comparative safety and immunogenicity of two yellow fever 17D vaccines (ARILVAX and YF-VAX) in a phase III multicenter, double-blind clinical trial.
Yellow Fever virus NS3 plays an essential role in virus assembly independent of its known enzymatic functions.
[Massive liver cell necrosis and yellow fever].
Experimental infection of Culex annulirostris, Culex gelidus, and Aedes vigilax with a yellow fever/Japanese encephalitis virus vaccine chimera (ChimeriVax-JE).
Antibody responses against wild-type yellow fever virus and the 17D vaccine strain: characterization with human monoclonal antibody fragments and neutralization escape variants.
Serological evidence of Flavivirus circulation in human populations in Northern Kenya: an assessment of disease risk 2016-2017.
Attenuation of recombinant yellow fever 17D viruses expressing foreign protein epitopes at the surface.
Oral susceptibility to yellow fever virus of Aedes aegypti from Brazil.
Yellow fever vaccine is safe and effective in HIV-infected patients.
Infectious Disease: Mosquito-Borne Viral Illnesses.
Yellow fever virus infectivity for Bolivian Aedes aegypti mosquitoes.
Production of yellow fever virus in microcarrier-based Vero cell cultures.
Yellow fever virus NS2B-NS3 protease: characterization of charged-to-alanine mutant and revertant viruses and analysis of polyprotein-cleavage activities.
Behavioral fever decreases metabolic response to lipopolysaccharide in yellow Cururu toads (Rhinella icterica).
Transcellular and paracellular pathways of transepithelial fluid secretion in Malpighian (renal) tubules of the yellow fever mosquito Aedes aegypti.
Acute disseminated encephalomyelitis: yellow fever vaccination.
West Nile virus infection and serologic response among persons previously vaccinated against yellow fever and Japanese encephalitis viruses.
[Producing an immunizing agent: images from the production of a yellow fever vaccine].
STATEMENT FOR TRAVELLERS AND YELLOW FEVER: An Advisory Committee Statement (ACS) Committee to Advise on Tropical Medicine and Travel (CATMAT).
Analysis of a complex vertical copulatory-courtship display in the yellow fever vector Sabethes chloropterus.
Rarity of adverse effects after 17D yellow-fever vaccination.
A protocol for collecting and staining hemocytes from the yellow fever mosquito Aedes aegypti.
Serious adverse events associated with yellow fever 17DD vaccine in Brazil: a report of two cases.
Origin and differentiation of human memory CD8 T cells after vaccination.
Production of pseudoinfectious yellow fever virus with a two-component genome.
Yellow fever virus NS2B/NS3 protease: hydrolytic properties and substrate specificity.
Oral delivery of double-stranded RNA in larvae of the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti: implications for pest mosquito control.
Roles of PKC and phospho-adducin in transepithelial fluid secretion by Malpighian tubules of the yellow fever mosquito.
[Culicidae insect fauna from rural zone in Amazonas State with incidence of sylvatic yellow fever].
The epidemiology of yellow fever in Africa.
Yellow fever, Senegal (update).
Safety and efficacy of chimeric yellow Fever-dengue virus tetravalent vaccine formulations in nonhuman primates.
Ecdysis triggering hormone signaling in the yellow fever mosquito Aedes aegypti.
Comparison of three neurotropic viruses reveals differences in viral dissemination to the central nervous system.
Experimental model of yellow fever in the golden hamster (Mesocricetus auratus).
The anti-yellow fever virus activity of ribavirin is independent of error-prone replication.
Genomic organization and splicing evolution of the doublesex gene, a Drosophila regulator of sexual differentiation, in the dengue and yellow fever mosquito Aedes aegypti.
Cell-specific type I IFN signatures in autoimmunity and viral infection: what makes the difference?
Broadening the horizons for yellow fever: new uses for an old vaccine.
Aedes (Stegomyia) aegypti in the continental United States: a vector at the cool margin of its geographic range.
The Gr family of candidate gustatory and olfactory receptors in the yellow-fever mosquito Aedes aegypti.
Observations on the yellow fever of Natchez and of the South-west in 1842.
Interaction between the yellow fever virus nonstructural protein NS3 and the host protein Alix contributes to the release of infectious particles.
Maryland and yellow fever: two histories intertwined.
Strong alkalinization in the anterior midgut of larval yellow fever mosquitoes (Aedes aegypti): involvement of luminal Na+/K+-ATPase.
The transmembrane domains of the prM and E proteins of yellow fever virus are endoplasmic reticulum localization signals.
A note of caution on yellow fever vaccination during maraviroc treatment: a hypothesis on a potential dangerous interaction.
Mosquito-Borne Human Viral Diseases: Why <i>Aedes aegypti</i>?
A CRISPR screen identifies IFI6 as an ER-resident interferon effector that blocks flavivirus replication.
Yellow fever vaccination: be sure the patient needs it.
Conservation of the pentanucleotide motif at the top of the yellow fever virus 17D 3' stem-loop structure is not required for replication.
The suitability of yellow fever and Japanese encephalitis vaccines for immunization against West Nile virus.
Yellow fever in Pará State, Amazon region of Brazil, 1998-1999: entomologic and epidemiologic findings.
Researchers employ systems biology approach to predict adaptive immune response to yellow fever vaccine.
Intriguing olfactory proteins from the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
Evolution of insect arylalkylamine N-acetyltransferases: structural evidence from the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
Safety of live vaccinations on immunosuppressive therapy in patients with immune-mediated inflammatory diseases, solid organ transplantation or after bone-marrow transplantation - A systematic review of randomized trials, observational studies and case reports.
Fever and multisystem organ failure associated with 17D-204 yellow fever vaccination: a report of four cases.
[Paul-Louis Simond and yellow fever].
[Reemergence of yellow fever in West Africa: lessons from the past, advocacy for a control program].
Genetic relationships and evolution of genotypes of yellow fever virus and other members of the yellow fever virus group within the Flavivirus genus based on the 3' noncoding region.
Yellow fever 17D virus: pseudo-revertant suppression of defective virus penetration and spread by mutations in domains II and III of the E protein.
Mosquito-Borne Diseases.
[Recent knowledge on the pathogenesis of yellow fever and questions for the future].
[Present status of an arbovirus infection: yellow fever, its natural history of hemorrhagic fever, Rift Valley fever].
Evolutionary analysis of the kinesin light chain genes in the yellow fever mosquito Aedes aegypti: gene duplication as a source for novel early zygotic genes.
Phosphorylation of yellow fever virus NS5 alters methyltransferase activity.
Rare case of fatal yellow fever vaccine-associated viscerotropic disease.
SLC7 amino acid transporters of the yellow fever mosquito Aedes aegypti and their role in fat body TOR signaling and reproduction.
A list of mosquito species of the Brazilian State of Pernambuco, including the first report of Haemagogus janthinomys (Diptera: Culicidae), yellow fever vector and 14 other species (Diptera: Culicidae).
Exchanging the yellow fever virus envelope proteins with Modoc virus prM and E proteins results in a chimeric virus that is neuroinvasive in SCID mice.
Isolation of yellow fever virus from nulliparous Haemagogus (Haemagogus) janthinomys in eastern Amazonia.
Herpes zoster after yellow fever vaccination.
THAP and ATF-2 regulated sterol carrier protein-2 promoter activities in the larval midgut of the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
Identification of early zygotic genes in the yellow fever mosquito Aedes aegypti and discovery of a motif involved in early zygotic genome activation.
The transmission of yellow fever to Macacus rhesus. 1928.
Experimental yellow fever virus infection in the Golden Hamster (Mesocricetus auratus). I. Virologic, biochemical, and immunologic studies.
Brain development in the yellow fever mosquito Aedes aegypti: a comparative immunocytochemical analysis using cross-reacting antibodies from Drosophila melanogaster.
Urbanisation of yellow fever in Santa Cruz, Bolivia.
Experimental yellow fever virus infection in the Golden hamster (Mesocricetus auratus). II. Pathology.
Role of an apical K,Cl cotransporter in urine formation by renal tubules of the yellow fever mosquito (Aedes aegypti).
Polarized light and oviposition site selection in the yellow fever mosquito: no evidence for positive polarotaxis in Aedes aegypti.
Travel Characteristics and Pretravel Health Care Among Pregnant or Breastfeeding U.S. Women Preparing for International Travel.
[Yellow fever and its control].
Serological Evidence of Contrasted Exposure to Arboviral Infections between Islands of the Union of Comoros (Indian Ocean).
Multiple evanescent white dot syndrome following simultaneous hepatitis-A and yellow fever vaccination.
Surface expression of an immunodominant malaria protein B cell epitope by yellow fever virus.
Identification and characterization of two arylalkylamine N-acetyltransferases in the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
[For a new history of yellow fever and the yellow fever vaccine in Brazil].
Identification of odorant-binding proteins of the yellow fever mosquito Aedes aegypti: genome annotation and comparative analyses.
Effects of yellow fever vaccination.
Travel and yellow fever vaccine.
Fine mapping of a cis-acting sequence element in yellow fever virus RNA that is required for RNA replication and cyclization.
[Water and culicid transmission: yellow fever in                    the Sao Paulo Medical and Surgical Society].
Identification of a chemosensory receptor from the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti, that is highly conserved and expressed in olfactory and gustatory organs.
Identification of pathogens for differential diagnosis of fever with jaundice in the Central African Republic: a retrospective assessment, 2008-2010.
Facing up to re-emergence of urban yellow fever.
Neuroadapted yellow fever virus 17D: determinants in the envelope protein govern neuroinvasiveness for SCID mice.
The Fielding H. Garrison Lecture: "Break-Bone" Fever in Philadelphia, 1780: Reflections on the History of Disease.
Quantitative structure-activity relationship of botanical sesquiterpenes: spatial and contact repellency to the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
Single-cell tracking of flavivirus RNA uncovers species-specific interactions with the immune system dictating disease outcome.
Construction of yellow fever-influenza A chimeric virus particles.
The French neurotropic vaccine strain of yellow fever virus accumulates mutations slowly during passage in cell culture.
Yellow fever vaccine.
Adverse events associated with 17D-derived yellow fever vaccination--United States, 2001-2002.
Characterization of the yellow fever mosquito sterol carrier protein-2 like 3 gene and ligand-bound protein structure.
[Aedes albopictus (S) in the region of São José do Rio Preto, SP, Brazil: a study of its infestation in an area where Aedes aegypti was already established and a discussion of its role as a possible vector of dengue and yellow fever].
Transgene-mediated suppression of dengue viruses in the salivary glands of the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
Yellow fever vaccine.
Yellow fever vaccine YF-17D activates multiple dendritic cell subsets via TLR2, 7, 8, and 9 to stimulate polyvalent immunity.
Yellow fever virus NS3 protease: peptide-inhibition studies.
[Many physicians gave their lives to solve the mystery of yellow fever].
Sylvatic yellow fever outbreak in Bolivia.
Yellow fever vaccination of human immunodeficiency virus-infected patients: report of 2 cases.
Statement for Travellers and Yellow Fever: Committee to Advise on Tropical Medicine and Travel.
Immunological features underlying viral hemorrhagic fevers.
Politics of Participation: Walter Reed's Yellow-Fever Experiments.
Attenuation and immunogenicity of recombinant yellow fever 17D-dengue type 2 virus for rhesus monkeys.
3',5'Di-O-trityluridine inhibits in vitro flavivirus replication.
Functional requirements of the yellow fever virus capsid protein.
Impact of yellow fever on the developing world.
Comparison of immunoreactivity to serotonin, FMRFamide and SCPb in the gut and visceral nervous system of larvae, pupae and adults of the yellow fever mosquito Aedes aegypti.
Interindividual variation in the response by fibrinogen, C-reactive protein and interleukin-6 to yellow fever vaccination.
Yellow fever.
Fatal yellow fever in a traveler returning from Amazonas, Brazil, 2002.
Development and applications of transgenesis in the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
Infectious Diseases. Yellow fever mosquito shows up in Northern Europe.
Skin reaction to yellow fever vaccine after immunization with rabies vaccine of chick embryo cell culture origin.
Expression profiling and comparative analyses of seven midgut serine proteases from the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
[Sweeping method to scan breeding places for dengue and urban yellow fever vectors].
A caspase-like decoy molecule enhances the activity of a paralogous caspase in the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
Effect of body size and sugar meals on oviposition of the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti (Diptera: Culicidae).
Influence of blood meal on the responsiveness of olfactory receptor neurons in antennal sensilla trichodea of the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
Yellow fever virus encephalitis: properties of the brain-associated T-cell response during virus clearance in normal and gamma interferon-deficient mice and requirement for CD4+ lymphocytes.
The anterior midgut of larval yellow fever mosquitoes (Aedes aegypti): effects of amino acids, dicarboxylic acids, and glucose on the transepithelial voltage and strong luminal alkalinization.
Clinical and laboratory features of dengue virus-infected travellers previously vaccinated against yellow fever.
Yellow fever and the church.
Yellow fever virus/dengue-2 virus and yellow fever virus/dengue-4 virus chimeras: biological characterization, immunogenicity, and protection against dengue encephalitis in the mouse model.
Yellow fever vaccine: a successful vaccination of an immunocompromised patient.
The Roman Catholic Church of Charleston and the yellow fever epidemics of 1838 and 1852.
Yellow fever mosquito sterol carrier protein-2 gene structure and transcriptional regulation.
[A yellow fever not very colored].
Antibody response to 17D yellow fever vaccine in Ghanaian infants.
Viral complacency.
Low frequency of side effects following an incidental 25 times concentrated dose of yellow fever vaccine.
Characterization of an infectious clone of the wild-type yellow fever virus Asibi strain that is able to infect and disseminate in mosquitoes.
Infectious disease risk and international tourism demand.
A review of successful flavivirus vaccines and the problems with those flaviviruses for which vaccines are not yet available.
High fidelity of yellow fever virus RNA polymerase.
<i>Aedes vittatus</i> (Bigot) mosquito: An emerging threat to public health.
Role of the yellow fever virus structural protein genes in viral dissemination from the Aedes aegypti mosquito midgut.
Administration of time-expired yellow fever vaccine: public health response and results of a serological investigation.
Yellow fever, Senegal--update.
Vertical transmission of the yellow fever virus by Aedes aegypti (Diptera, Culicidae): dynamics of infection in F1 adult progeny of orally infected females.
The etiology of yellow fever: an additional note . 1901.
The etiology of yellow fever-- a preliminary note. 1900.
Laboratory vector competence experiments with yellow fever virus and five South African mosquito species including Aedes aegypti.
First case of yellow fever in French Guiana since 1902.
A note on the interval between infecting and secondary cases of yellow fever from the records of the yellow fever at Orwood and Taylor, Mississippi in 1898.
Experimental yellow fever. 1901.
Aedes aegypti in the Black Sea: recent introduction or ancient remnant?
Reference gene selection for quantitative real-time PCR analysis in virus infected cells: SARS corona virus, Yellow fever virus, Human Herpesvirus-6, Camelpox virus and Cytomegalovirus infections.
[Antibody responses in Japanese volunteers after immunization with yellow fever vaccine].
Dengue Virus Seroconversion in Travelers to Dengue-Endemic Areas.
Construction and applications of yellow fever virus replicons.
Current and future distribution of Aedes aegypti and Aedes albopictus (Diptera: Culicidae) in WHO Eastern Mediterranean Region.
Recent immunization against measles does not interfere with the sero-response to yellow fever vaccine.
[Poison and the mosquito: epistemological aspects of the etiology and prophylactics of yellow fever].
[A simulation model for the control of the Aedes aegypti, the mosquito vector of dengue and yellow fever, by the crustacean Mesocyclops spp].
[Mosquitos and the State in the report by the head of the Rural Sanitation and Prophylaxis Service of Bahia, 1922].
Yellow fever virus strains Asibi and 17D-204 infect human umbilical cord endothelial cells and induce novel changes in gene expression.
Evocation to the Dr. Carlos J. Finlay Barres on the centennial of his death.
Fatal yellow fever in a traveler returning from Amazonas, Brazil, 2002.
Functional classification and central nervous projections of olfactory receptor neurons housed in antennal trichoid sensilla of female yellow fever mosquitoes, Aedes aegypti.
Vaccinations and malaria prophylaxis for long-term travellers travelling from Greece: a prospective, questionnaire-based analysis.
Quality of travel health advice in a French travel medicine and vaccine center: a prospective observational study.
Public health crises in Baltimore. Parallels between the Yellow Fever epidemic of the late 1700s and the spread of AIDS in the 1980s.
A stable full-length yellow fever virus cDNA clone and the role of conserved RNA elements in flavivirus replication.
Identification of two sterol carrier protein-2 like genes in the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
State of the Globe: Yellow Fever is Still Around and Active!
Leaking Containers: Success and Failure in Controlling the Mosquito Aedes aegypti in Brazil.
Incubation periods of mosquito-borne viral infections: a systematic review.
Characterization of Aedes Dredd: a novel initiator caspase from the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
[The standardization of the plaque reduction technic for differentiating a dengue infection from a yellow fever infection].
Human endogenous retroviruses and cancer prevention: evidence and prospects.
Adverse events following yellow fever vaccination.
Germ line transformation of the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti, mediated by transpositional insertion of a piggyBac vector.
Comparison of the immunogenicity and safety of two 17D yellow fever vaccines.
Yellow fever and geopolitics: environment, epidemics, and the struggles for empire in the American tropics, 1650-1900.
Microsatellite isolation and linkage group identification in the yellow fever mosquito Aedes aegypti.
Mutation in a 17D-204 vaccine substrain-specific envelope protein epitope alters the pathogenesis of yellow fever virus in mice.
Identification and characterization of the catalytic subunit of phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase in the yellow fever mosquito Aedes aegypti.
Gustatory receptor expression in the labella and tarsi of Aedes aegypti.
Surveillance of Aedes aegypti indoors and outdoors using Autocidal Gravid Ovitraps in South Texas during local transmission of Zika virus, 2016 to 2018.
Historical Perspectives on Flavivirus Research.
First recorded outbreak of yellow fever in Kenya, 1992-1993. II. Entomologic investigations.
Heterogeneous nature of the genome of the ARILVAX yellow fever 17D vaccine revealed by consensus sequencing.
Larval feeding duration affects ecdysteroid levels and nutritional reserves regulating pupal commitment in the yellow fever mosquito Aedes aegypti (Diptera: Culicidae).
Revised surveillance case definitions.
Mosquito-borne hemorrhagic fevers.
Imported yellow fever in a United States citizen.
Molecular detection and characterization of yellow fever virus in blood and liver specimens of a non-vaccinated fatal human case.
The use of yellow fever virus modified by in vitro cultivation for human immunization. J. Exp. Med. 65, 787-800 (1937)
Construction, characterization and immunogenicity of recombinant yellow fever 17D-dengue type 2 viruses.
Purification of flavivirus VLPs by a two-step chomatographic process.
Vaccines licensed and in clinical trials for the prevention of dengue.
Integrated Aedes management for the control of Aedes-borne diseases.
Yellow Fever Immunizations: Indications and Risks.
[The "plague" of Barcelona. Yellow fever epidemic of 1821].
Epilogue: the U.S. Army Yellow Fever Board of 1900.
Yellow fever, 1998-1999.
[Sanitary battles and scientific clashes: Emilio Ribas and yellow fever in Sao Paulo].
The etiology of yellow fever: a supplemental note. 1902.
The mosquito hypothetically considered as the agent of transmission of yellow fever. 1881.
Introduction: yellow fever before 1900.
[Reflection on 2 current viral diseases: yellow fever and dengue].
Molecular characterization of insulin-like peptides in the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti: expression, cellular localization, and phylogeny.
Molecular and biological changes associated with HeLa cell attenuation of wild-type yellow fever virus.
Molecular pathogenesis of viral hemorrhagic fever.
Duration of infectivity and RNA of Venezuelan equine encephalitis, West Nile, and yellow fever viruses dried on filter paper and maintained at room temperature.
An epidemic of sylvatic yellow fever in the southeast region of Maranhao State, Brazil, 1993-1994: epidemiologic and entomologic findings.
Molecular characterization of sodium/proton exchanger 3 (NHE3) from the yellow fever vector, Aedes aegypti.
Identification and mapping of the promoter for the gene encoding the ferritin heavy-chain homologue of the yellow fever mosquito Aedes aegypti.
Phylogenetic and evolutionary relationships among yellow fever virus isolates in Africa.
Rapid detection and quantification of RNA of Ebola and Marburg viruses, Lassa virus, Crimean-Congo hemorrhagic fever virus, Rift Valley fever virus, dengue virus, and yellow fever virus by real-time reverse transcription-PCR.
Stability-related studies on 17D yellow fever vaccine.
A century of the US Army yellow fever research.
Hepatitis and death following vaccination with 17D-204 yellow fever vaccine.
Advanced age a risk factor for illness temporally associated with yellow fever vaccination.
Effect of insulin and 20-hydroxyecdysone in the fat body of the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
Efficient transformation of the yellow fever mosquito Aedes aegypti using the piggyBac transposable element vector pBac[3xP3-EGFP afm].
Jungle yellow fever, Rio de Janeiro.
New tools for surveillance of adult yellow fever mosquitoes: comparison of trap catches with human landing rates in an urban environment.
Transmission of yellow fever by the culex mosquito: a look back.
Development and preliminary evaluation of a multiplexed amplification and next generation sequencing method for viral hemorrhagic fever diagnostics.
Synergistic in vitro interactions between alpha interferon and ribavirin against bovine viral diarrhea virus and yellow fever virus as surrogate models of hepatitis C virus replication.
Emerging Infectious Diseases.
Cloning and characterization of a dopachrome conversion enzyme from the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
Delivering at the country level: the International Coordinating Group on Vaccine Provision and its impact in 2016 and 2017.
Host-range restriction of chimeric yellow fever-West Nile vaccine in fish crows (Corvus ossifragus).
Declining Prevalence of Disease Vectors Under Climate Change.
Identification and characterization of juvenile hormone esterase gene from the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
[The city in the face of contagion: political measures and administrative dictates in the 1804 yellow fever epidemic in Alicante].
Neuropeptide F and its expression in the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
Response to Sheldon Watts: "Yellow fever immunities in West Africa and the Americas in the age of slavery and beyond.".
[Pulmonary adiaspiromycosis: casual finding in a patient who died of yellow fever].
Current Assessment of Yellow Fever and Yellow Fever Vaccine.
Human cytotoxic T lymphocyte responses to live attenuated 17D yellow fever vaccine: identification of HLA-B35-restricted CTL epitopes on nonstructural proteins NS1, NS2b, NS3, and the structural protein E.
The 1878 yellow fever epidemic in Memphis.
Yellow fever.
The effect of lactic acid on odour-related host preference of yellow fever mosquitoes.
Re-emergence of yellow fever in Senegal in 1995.
Race, commerce, and the literature of yellow fever in early national Philadelphia.
A genetic correlation between age at pupation and melanization immune response of the yellow fever mosquito Aedes aegypti.
Spectrum of disease outcomes in mice infected with YFV-17D.
Assessment of IgG antibodies against yellow fever virus after vaccination with 17D by different assays: neutralization test, haemagglutination inhibition test, immunofluorescence assay and ELISA.
Beauperthuy and yellow fever.
Identification and characterization of avian retroviruses in chicken embryo-derived yellow fever vaccines: investigation of transmission to vaccine recipients.
Genetic lineages in the yellow fever mosquito Aedes (Stegomyia) aegypti (Diptera: Culicidae) from Peru.
Stage- and cell-specific expression of ecdysone receptors and ecdysone-induced transcription factors during midgut remodeling in the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
Fever, jaundice, and multiple organ system failure associated with 17D-derived yellow fever vaccination, 1996-2001.
Molecular characterization of a hamster viscerotropic strain of yellow fever virus.
Antennal expressed genes of the yellow fever mosquito (Aedes aegypti L.); characterization of odorant-binding protein 10 and takeout.
Neuroadapted yellow fever virus 17D: genetic and biological characterization of a highly mouse-neurovirulent virus and its infectious molecular clone.
Chimeric yellow fever virus 17D-Japanese encephalitis virus vaccine: dose-response effectiveness and extended safety testing in rhesus monkeys.
[Guideline for fecal bacteriotherapy to treat recurrent Clostridium difficile colitis].
Contract between Antonio Benigno and Yellow Fever Board, November 26, 1900 .
Molecular tools to create new strains for mosquito sexing and vector control.
Fatal yellow fever in a traveler returning from Venezuela, 1999.
Carbon dioxide instantly sensitizes female yellow fever mosquitoes to human skin odours.
From the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Adverse events associated with 17D-derived yellow fever vaccination--United States, 2001-2002.
Stranger's fever in Charleston, South Carolina: a mistaken diagnosis?
First recorded outbreak of yellow fever in Kenya, 1992-1993. I. Epidemiologic investigations.
[Study on E protein epitopes and primary identification of main yellow virus].
Antigenic variants of yellow fever virus with an altered neurovirulence phenotype in mice.
Functional analysis of AeSCP-2 using gene expression knockdown in the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
Regulation of the ferritin heavy-chain homologue gene in the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
Yellow fever outbreak in Kaffrine, Senegal 1996: epidemiological and entomological findings.
Yellow fever, 1996-1997. Part II.
Where economics and epidemics collide: migrant workers and emerging infections.
Selective expansion of myeloid and NK cells in humanized mice yields human-like vaccine responses.
The early use of yellow fever virus strain 17D for vaccine production in Brazil--a review.
Recombinant chimeric yellow fever-dengue type 2 virus is immunogenic and protective in nonhuman primates.
[The immune state against yellow fever vaccinal virus (17D) in 2 populations of Bahia State, Brazil].
How to design effective vaccines: lessons from an old success story.
Species composition, co-occurrence, association and affinity indices of mosquito larvae (Diptera: Culicidae) in Mazandaran Province, northern Iran.
Development of viremia and humoral and cellular parameters of immune activation after vaccination with yellow fever virus strain 17D: a model of human flavivirus infection.
Yellow fever: a decade of reemergence.
[Molecular epidemiology of yellow fever].
Chikungunya Fever in Traveler from Angola to Japan, 2016.
From the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Fatal yellow fever in a traveler returning from Venezuela, 1999.
Yellow fever threat in India.
Viremia and immunogenicity in nonhuman primates of a tetravalent yellow fever-dengue chimeric vaccine: genetic reconstructions, dose adjustment, and antibody responses against wild-type dengue virus isolates.
Ecdysteroid titers and developmental expression of ecdysteroid-regulated genes during metamorphosis of the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti (Diptera: Culicidae).
The spread of Zika and the potential for global arbovirus syndemics.
Epidemic focus.
The early cellular signatures of protective immunity induced by live viral vaccination.
[From pirates to virus: the Oropesa's journey].
Replication of chimeric yellow fever virus-dengue serotype 1-4 virus vaccine strains in dendritic and hepatic cells.
Arboviral diseases in the Western Brazilian Amazon: a perspective and analysis from a tertiary health & research center in Manaus, State of Amazonas.
Temporal distribution and insecticide resistance profile of two major arbovirus vectors Aedes aegypti and Aedes albopictus in Yaoundé, the capital city of Cameroon.
Mutations in the yellow fever virus nonstructural protein NS2A selectively block production of infectious particles.
Yellow fever immunities in West Africa and the Americas in the age of slavery and beyond: a reappraisal.
Identification and characterization of the host protein DNAJC14 as a broadly active flavivirus replication modulator.
Viral hemorrhagic fever-induced acute kidney injury.
Expression of a sterol carrier protein-x gene in the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
Yellow fever vector live-virus vaccines: West Nile virus vaccine development.
Formation and loss of large, unstable tandem arrays of the piggyBac transposable element in the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
The yellow fever 17D vaccine virus as a vector for the expression of foreign proteins: development of new live flavivirus vaccines.
In vivo synthesis of tumor necrosis factor-alpha in healthy humans after live yellow fever vaccination.
Molecular basis for attenuation of neurovirulence of a yellow fever Virus/Japanese encephalitis virus chimera vaccine (ChimeriVax-JE).
Protective immunity following vaccination: how is it defined?
Yellow fever: politics and class relations in Philadelphia, 1793-1805.
Recombinant, chimaeric live, attenuated vaccine (ChimeriVax) incorporating the envelope genes of Japanese encephalitis (SA14-14-2) virus and the capsid and nonstructural genes of yellow fever (17D) virus is safe, immunogenic and protective in non-human primates.
[Yellow fever].
Yellow fever in Kenya: the need for a country-wide surveillance programme.
The cost of immunity in the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti depends on immune activation.
Critical period for pupal commitment in the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
Homogeneity of yellow fever virus strains isolated during an epidemic and a post-epidemic period in West Africa.
"A Little Seasoning Would Aid in the Digestion of Our Factums": Wit, Evidence, and the Evolving Form of Medical Debate in New Orleans, 1853-1868.
Stage-specific expression of two actin genes in the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
The journal 150 & 100 years ago. Yellow fever.
[Presence of Haemagogus equinus Theobald, 1903 (Diptera: Culicidae), in Soledad and Malambo, in the Province of Atlántico, Colombia].
The battle of yellow jack: a comparative look at preventive medicine during the American Civil War.
Isolations of yellow fever virus from Haemagogus leucocelaenus in Rio Grande do Sul State, Brazil.
Yellow fever virus replicons as an expression system for hepatitis C virus structural proteins.
Role of the transmembrane domains of prM and E proteins in the formation of yellow fever virus envelope.
[Neuritis of the optic nerve after vaccinations against hepatitis A, hepatitis B and yellow fever].
Mechanisms of K+ transport across basolateral membranes of principal cells in Malpighian tubules of the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
Update on yellow fever in the Americas.
Construction, safety, and immunogenicity in nonhuman primates of a chimeric yellow fever-dengue virus tetravalent vaccine.
Evaluating scenarios of locations and capacities for vaccine storage in Nigeria.
[Yellow fever in the Ribeirão Preto region at the turn of the 19th century: its scientific importance and economic repercussions].
Travel to Brazil: analysis of data from the Boston Area Travel Medicine Network (BATMN) and relevance to travelers attending world cup and olympics.
Hideyo Noguchi's last stand: the Yellow Fever Commission in Accra, Africa (1927-8).
[Yellow fever vaccination as prophylaxis of herpes labialis].
Overdose of yellow fever vaccine: a preventable error?
Vectorborne diseases in West Africa: geographic distribution and geospatial characteristics.
Enhancing the antiviral potency of ER α-glucosidase inhibitor IHVR-19029 against hemorrhagic fever viruses in vitro and in vivo.
The Philadelphia yellow fever epidemic of 1793.
Partial genomic sequence determination of yellow fever virus strain associated with a recent epidemic in Gabon.
Travellers' profile, travel patterns and vaccine practices--a 10-year prospective study in a Swiss Travel Clinic.
Safety of live vaccines on immunosuppressive or immunomodulatory therapy-a retrospective study in three Swiss Travel Clinics.
High efficiency, site-specific excision of a marker gene by the phage P1 cre-loxP system in the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
A Small-Molecule Oligosaccharyltransferase Inhibitor with Pan-flaviviral Activity.
Yellow fever vaccine.
Compatible concurrent administration of yellow fever 17D vaccine with oral, live, attenuated p6olera CVD103-HgR and typhoid ty21a vaccines.
A comparative approach to the French medical missions in Brazil and in sub-Saharan Africa before the Second World War.
Analysis of the wild-type and mutant genes encoding the enzyme kynurenine monooxygenase of the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
The yellow fever 17D vaccine virus: molecular basis of viral attenuation and its use as an expression vector.
Interaction of yellow fever virus French neurotropic vaccine strain with monkey brain: characterization of monkey brain membrane receptor escape variants.
[The city and the death: yellow fever and its impact on funeral customs in Rio de Janeiro (1849-50)].
Human leukocyte antigen (HLA) class I restricted epitope discovery in yellow fewer and dengue viruses: importance of HLA binding strength.
Characterization of hemocytes from the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
[Effectiveness of the yellow fever vaccine 17D: an epidemiologic evaluation in health services].
Ebola in a stew of fear.
Ammonia as an attractive component of host odour for the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
Possible contributing factors to the paucity of yellow fever epidemics in the Ashanti region of Ghana, west Africa.
[Aedes albopictus in rural zone of Brazil and its implication in the wild yellow fever transmission].
Yellow fever, Bolivia.
Nucleotide sequence variation of the envelope protein gene identifies two distinct genotypes of yellow fever virus.
[Yellow fever].
Yellow fever vaccination.
Vaccines for travelers.
Yellow nail syndrome following multiple orthopedic surgeries: a case report.
Flaviviruses and flavivirus vaccines.
Review of adverse events reported following use of yellow fever vaccine--Canada, 1987-2000.
Inadvertent use of time-expired yellow fever vaccine should be followed by revaccination.
Vaccination and antiviral treatment of neglected diseases caused by flaviviral infections.
Saliva of the Yellow Fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti, modulates murine lymphocyte function.
Effects of yellow fever vaccination.
Yellow fever.
Evidence for interferon production and its correlation with YF 17DD vaccine virus yields in primary chick embryo cells.
Effects of yellow fever vaccination.
Recombinant yellow fever viruses are effective therapeutic vaccines for treatment of murine experimental solid tumors and pulmonary metastases.
Jungle yellow fever: clinical and laboratorial studies emphasizing viremia on a human case.
Gibraltar's 1804 yellow fever scourge: the search for scapegoats.
Need for vaccination against yellow fever.
False-Positive Monospot in a Returning Traveler with Dengue Fever.
Yellow fever virus NS2B-NS3 protease: charged-to-alanine mutagenesis and deletion analysis define regions important for protease complex formation and function.
Flavivirus NS5 Prevents the InSTATement of IFN.
Comparative genome analysis of the yellow fever mosquito Aedes aegypti with Drosophila melanogaster and the malaria vector mosquito Anopheles gambiae.
Hideyo Noguchi Syphilis, Oraya Fever and Leptospira.
Oropouche Fever: A Review.
Lassa Fever: Epidemiology, Clinical Features, Diagnosis, Management and Prevention.
Stable transformation of the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti, with the Hermes element from the housefly.
Yellow fever: an emerging threat for Kenya and other east African countries.
[Not Available].
Characterization of the Sialokinin I gene encoding the salivary vasodilator of the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
The epidemic that never was: yellow fever in Hawaii.
Serological reactions in Rhesus monkeys inoculated with the 17D strain of yellow fever virus.
Characterizing the acceptability of a vaccine for West Nile virus by public health practitioners.
Neutralizing and haemagglutination-inhibiting antibodies to yellow fever 17 years after vaccination with 17D vaccine.
Replication of yellow fever virus in the mouse central nervous system: comparison of neuroadapted and non-neuroadapted virus and partial sequence analysis of the neuroadapted strain.
Quantum associative memory with linear and non-linear algorithms for the diagnosis of some tropical diseases.
Identification of germline transcriptional regulatory elements in Aedes aegypti.
Ribonucleotide reductase subunits from the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti: cloning and expression.
Immunogenicity, genetic stability, and protective efficacy of a recombinant, chimeric yellow fever-Japanese encephalitis virus (ChimeriVax-JE) as a live, attenuated vaccine candidate against Japanese encephalitis.
Genetic Determinants of the Re-Emergence of Arboviral Diseases.
First evidence of natural vertical transmission of yellow fever virus in Aedes aegypti, its epidemic vector.
Dengue and chikungunya among outpatients with acute undifferentiated fever in Kinshasa, Democratic Republic of Congo: A cross-sectional study.
Drug development: Searching for patterns.
Intra-nasal infection of macaques with Yellow Fever (YF) vaccine strain 17D: a novel and economical approach for YF vaccination in man.
What We Are Watching-Top Global Infectious Disease Threats, 2013-2016: An Update from CDC's Global Disease Detection Operations Center.
The sample processing time interval as an influential factor in flow cytometry analysis of lymphocyte subsets.
Viral hemorrhagic fever in the tropics: Report from the task force on tropical diseases by the World Federation of Societies of Intensive and Critical Care Medicine.
Yellow fever vaccines.
In vitro potency assay for yellow fever vaccines: comparison of three vero cell lines sources.
Management of Diabetic Ketoacidosis with Dengue Hemorrhagic Fever.
[Yellow fever--not only of historical interest. A dormant epidemic. Travel Medicine Series, 4: Risk of disease reservoirs in tropical metropolis].
Bioactivity of selected plant essential oils against the yellow fever mosquito Aedes aegypti larvae.
Diagnosis of viral hemorrhagic fevers in travelers returning from west Africa.
The effects of climate change and globalization on mosquito vectors: evidence from Jeju Island, South Korea on the potential for Asian tiger mosquito (Aedes albopictus) influxes and survival from Vietnam rather than Japan.
South Carolina's last yellow fever epidemic: Manning Simons at Port Royal, 1877.
Population genetics of the yellow fever mosquito in Trinidad: comparisons of amplified fragment length polymorphism (AFLP) and restriction fragment length polymorphism (RFLP) markers.
[Yellow fever epidemic in the extreme North of Cameroon in 1990: first yellow fever virus isolation in Cameroon].
[Current situation of yellow fever in Latin America].
Yellow fever haemagglutination-inhibiting, neutralising and IgM antibodies in vaccinated and unvaccinated residents of Ibadan, Nigeria.
Present status of yellow fever: memorandum from a PAHO meeting.
Yellow fever in the Americas.
[Sylvatic yellow fever in Africa recent advances and present approach (author's transl)].
A yellow fever epizootic in Zika forest, Uganda, during 1972: Part 1: Virus isolation and sentinel monkeys.
[Serological and entomological study on yellow fever in Sierra Leone].
Isolation and characterization of the gene encoding a novel factor Xa-directed anticoagulant from the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
Improving the built environment in urban areas to control <i>Aedes aegypti</i>-borne diseases.
Should yellow fever vaccine be included in the expanded program of immunization in Africa? A cost-effectiveness analysis for Nigeria.
Yellow fever outbreak in Ipetu-Ijesa: response after mass vaccination.
Replication, tissue tropisms and transmission of yellow fever virus in Aedes albopictus.
1987 yellow fever epidemics in Oyo State, Nigeria: a survey for yellow fever virus haemagglutination inhibiting antibody in residents of two communities before and after the epidemics.
Investigation of a possible yellow fever epidemic and serosurvey for flavivirus infections in northern Cameroon, 1984.
[Evaluation of thermostable yellow fever vaccine from the Pasteur Institute on international travellers].
The known and the unknown in yellow fever ecology and epidemiology.
[Several yellow fever cases in an endemic area in Ivory Coast: serological and epidemiological evidence (author's transl)].
An epidemic of yellow fever in central Brazil. 1972-1973. I. Epidemiological studies.
A clinicopathological study of human yellow fever.
Epidemiological aspects of the 1969 yellow fever epidemic in Nigeria.
Mutagenesis of the signal sequence of yellow fever virus prM protein: enhancement of signalase cleavage In vitro is lethal for virus production.
Complete nucleotide sequence and phylogeny of an American strain of yellow fever virus, TRINID79A.
Mutagenesis of the RGD motif in the yellow fever virus 17D envelope protein.
Tolerance and immunogenicity of the simultaneous administration of virosome hepatitis A and yellow fever vaccines.
Automated measurement of oxygen consumption by the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
Sylvatic cycles of arboviruses in non-human primates.
Successes and failures of sixty years of vector control in French Guiana: what is the next step?
Cell-mediated immunity induced by chimeric tetravalent dengue vaccine in naive or flavivirus-primed subjects.
[Yellow fever: the epidemiological and control aspects].
Yellow fever.
Does restricted distribution limit access and coverage of yellow fever vaccine in the United States?
One decade on.
International travel by persons with medical comorbidities: understanding risks and providing advice.
Yellow fever vaccination in the Americas.
[Epidemiology of imported infectious diseases in China, 2013-2016].
The effect of chloroquine prophylaxis on yellow fever vaccine antibody response: comparison of plaque reduction neutralization test and enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay.
Dobrava virus carried by the yellow-necked field mouse Apodemus flavicollis, causing hemorrhagic fever with renal syndrome in Romania.
Linking yellow fever vaccination centre registration and training in travel medicine.
Isolation and expression of a sterol carrier protein-2 gene from the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
[Yellow fever virus, dengue 2 and other arboviruses isolated from mosquitos, in Burkina Faso, from 1983 to 1986. Entomological and epidemiological considerations].
Study of combined vaccination against yellow fever and measles in infants from six to nine months.
Arbovirus studies in Luanda, Angola. 1. Virological and serological studies during a yellow fever epidemic.
Epidemic yellow fever caused by an incompetent mosquito vector.
Epidemic yellow fever in eastern Nigeria, 1986.
[Epidemiology of hepatitis A and B and yellow fever in Zaire].
History of epidemiological aspects of yellow fever.
[A comparison of the serological effects of classical cholera vaccine and of purified fraction vaccine, with or without simultaneous yellow fever vaccine (author's transl)].
Global Advisory Committee on Vaccine Safety, 30 November – 1 December 2016.
Detection of the Northeastern African Rift Valley Fever Virus Lineage During the 2015 Outbreak in Mauritania.
Yellow fever vaccination and risk of spontaneous abortion.
Presence of Aedes (Stegomyia) aegypti (Linnaeus, 1762) and its natural infection with dengue virus at unrecorded heights in Colombia.
[Yellow fever].
Analysis of a yellow fever virus isolated from a fatal case of vaccine-associated human encephalitis.
Seroepidemiological survey for yellow fever antibodies in domestic animals.
[Epidemic of yellow fever in the southeastern region of Upper Volta (October-December, 1983). Epidemiological study. Preliminary results].
The effect of immune globulin on the response to trivalent oral poliovirus and yellow fever vaccinations.
Differentiation of strains of yellow fever virus in gamma-irradiated mice.
Marylanders defeat Philadelphia: yellow fever updated.
Concurrent and consecutive infection and immunisation with yellow fever and UGMP-359 viruses.
Chimeric yellow fever/dengue virus as a candidate dengue vaccine: quantitation of the dengue virus-specific CD8 T-cell response.
Mariner transposition and transformation of the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
Vitelline envelope genes of the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
Yellow fever vaccination in Malaya by subcutaneous injection and multiple puncture. Neutralizing antibody responses in persons with and without pre-existing antibody to related viruses.
Combined smallpox-17D yellow fever vaccine for scratch vaccination.
The yellow fever situation in Africa.
MsqTc3, a Tc3-like transposon in the yellow fever mosquito Aedes aegypti.
Immunological studies with group B arthropod-borne viruses. IV. Persistence of yellow fever antibodies following vaccination with 17D strain yellow fever vaccine.
YELLOW FEVER VACCINATION IN MALAYA BY SUBCUTANEOUS INJECTION AND MULTIPLE PUNCTURE. HAEMAGGLUTININ-INHIBITING ANTIBODY RESPONSES IN PERSONS WITH AND WITHOUT PRE-EXISTING ANTIBODY.
Early history of laboratory breeding of Aedes aegypti (Diptera: Culicidae) focusing on the origins and use of selected strains.
Structural and Nonstructural Genes Contribute to the Genetic Diversity of RNA Viruses.
Travel-related mosquito-transmitted disease questionnaire survey among health professionals in Taiwan.
[Not Available].
Dynamic modeling of vaccinating behavior as a function of individual beliefs.
Acute neck pain caused by pseudogout attack of calcified cervical yellow ligament: a case report.
Threat of dengue haemorrhagic fever after yellow fever vaccination.
[Global warming: trailblazer for tropical infections in Germany?].
Safety and efficacy of yellow fever vaccine in children less thanone-year-old.
The 1970 yellow fever epidemic in Okwoga District Benue Plateau State, Nigeria. 2. Immunity survey to determine geographic limits and origins of the epidemic.
Antibody-dependent enhancement of yellow fever and Japanese encephalitis virus neurovirulence.
[Chikungunya fever - A new global threat].
Yellow fever 17D vaccine virus isolated from healthy vaccinees accumulates very few mutations.
Genetic variability among yellow fever virus 17D substrains.
Isolation, characterization, and functional expression of kynurenine aminotransferase cDNA from the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti(1).
[Can genetically modified mosquitos help in the battle against viral diseases?].
Debating Diseases in Nineteenth-Century Colombia: Causes, Interests, and the Pasteurian Therapeutics.
Phenotypic analysis of yellow fever virus derived from complementary DNA.
Human fatal yellow fever. Immunohistochemical detection of viral antigens in the liver, kidney and heart.
Urban yellow fever epidemic in western Nigeria, 1987.
Hideyo Noguchi's research on yellow fever (1918-1928) in the pre-electron microscopic era.
Passage of yellow fever virus: its effect on infection and transmission rates in Aedes aegypti.
[Evaluation of immunological and entomotological indices of yellow fever in Pointe-Noire, People's Republic of Congo].
The in vivo differentiation of strains of yellow fever virus in mice.
A yellow fever epizootic in Zika Forest, Uganda, during 1972: Part 2: Monkey serology.
Clinical features of yellow fever cases at Vom Christian Hospital during the 1969 epidemic on the Jos Plateau, Nigeria.
Yellow fever outbreak in Ipetu-Ijesa: response after mass vaccination.
Yellow fever epidemics and mortality in the United States, 1693-1905.
[Use of stabilized yellow fever vaccine 17D at the time of the yellow fever epidemic in Burkina Faso in 1983].
Virological and serological studies of a suspected yellow fever virus outbreak in Mabudi area of Benue Plateau State of Nigeria.
Effect of the synergist, piperonyl butoxide, on the development of deltamethrin resistance in yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti L. (Diptera: Culicidae).
Interaction of Flavivirus with their mosquito vectors and their impact on the human health in the Americas.
Differing infection patterns of dengue and yellow fever viruses in a human hepatoma cell line.
Urbanization is a main driver for the larval ecology of Aedes mosquitoes in arbovirus-endemic settings in south-eastern Côte d'Ivoire.
[Vaccinations for international travelers].
[Yellow fever in Brazil: memories of a medical doctor from the Rockefeller Foundation].
Acute kidney injury due to tropical infectious diseases and animal venoms: a tale of 2 continents.
An allergic reaction following typhus-fever vaccine and yellow-fever vaccine due to egg yolk sensitivity.
A Multiplex PCR/LDR Assay for the Simultaneous Identification of Category A Infectious Pathogens: Agents of Viral Hemorrhagic Fever and Variola Virus.
Historical Perspective: What Constitutes Discovery (of a New Virus)?
The Statesmanship of William Crawford Gorgas, M.D., Surgeon General, Medical Corps, United States Army.
RESPONSE OF VOLTA CHILDREN TO JET INOCULATION OF COMBINED LIVE MEASLES, SMALLPOX AND YELLOW FEVER VACCINES.
Changed virulence of the yellow fever virus vaccine strain 17D by a single mouse passage.
Evidence for two distinct members of the amylase gene family in the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
Hot temperatures can force delayed mosquito outbreaks via sequential changes in Aedes aegypti demographic parameters in autocorrelated environments.
[Application of the plaque method in cell cultures in the study of yellow fever 17-D vaccine virus].
[Virulence of a yellow fever virus vaccine for the chick embryo].
The preparation of 17D virus yellow fever vaccine in mouse brain.
A regional reconnaissance on yellow fever in the Sudan; with special reference to primate hosts.
The yellow fever epidemic of Savannah in 1820, with a sketch of Dr. William Coffee Daniell.
Travel health attitudes among Turkish business travellers to African countries.
[Aedes aegypti L. and Aedes albopictus Skuse mosquitoes are a new biological threat to the south of Russia].
Arboviruses and lemurs in Madagascar: experimental infection of Lemur fulvus with yellow fever and West Nile viruses.
Systems Biology Reveals NS4B-Cyclophilin A Interaction: A New Target to Inhibit YFV Replication.
The etiology of Ebola virus disease-like illnesses in Ebola virusnegative patients from Sierra Leone.
Neutralizing antibodies against flaviviruses, Babanki virus, and Rift Valley fever virus in Ugandan bats.
International collaborative assay of the international reference preparation of anti-yellow-fever serum.
[The quality standardization of a national vaccine against yellow fever].
CIRCULATING VIRUS, INTERFERON AND ANTIBODY AFTER VACCINATION WITH THE 17-D STRAIN OF YELLOW-FEVER VIRUS.
Global Spread of Hemorrhagic Fever Viruses: Predicting Pandemics.
Investigations into yellow fever virus and other arboviruses in the northern regions of Kenya.
Purified mariner (Mos1) transposase catalyzes the integration of marked elements into the germ-line of the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
Biological characterization of plaque-size variants of yellow fever virus in mosquitoes and mice.
[Isolation in east Senegal of a yellow fever virus strain from a pool of Aedes belonging to the subgenus Diceromyia].
[A contribution to infection with yellow fever virus 17D in chick embryos (author's transl)].
Epidemiology, immunology, and yellow fever: the Rockefeller Foundation in Brazil, 1923-1939.
Yellow fever outbreak in South Eastern State of Nigeria--virological and serological studies.
Prevalence of chronic comorbidities in dengue fever and West Nile virus: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Healthcare in times of epidemics in Rio de Janeiro in the 19th century].
Potential Risk Areas of <i>Aedes albopictus</i> in South-Eastern Iran: A Vector of Dengue Fever, Zika, and Chikungunya.
Analysis of a ribosomal DNA intergenic spacer region from the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
Molecular and evolutionary analysis of two divergent subfamilies of a novel miniature inverted repeat transposable element in the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
[The risk of urban yellow fever outbreaks in Brazil by dengue vectors. Aedes aegypti and Aedes albopictus].
Engineering blood meal-activated systemic immunity in the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
Yellow fever vaccination and pregnancy: a four-year prospective study.
Sowing the seeds of neo-imperialism: the Rockefeller Foundation's yellow fever campaign in Mexico.
Demonstration of yellow fever and dengue antigens in formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded human liver by immunohistochemical analysis.
Protection of mice against yellow fever virus encephalitis by immunization with a vaccinia virus recombinant encoding the yellow fever virus non-structural proteins, NS1, NS2a and NS2b.
Reduction of yellow fever virus mouse neurovirulence by immunization with a bacterially synthesized non-structural protein (NS1) fragment.
Yellow fever: a medically neglected disease. Report on a seminar.
Protection against yellow fever in monkeys by immunization with yellow fever virus nonstructural protein NS1.
Antibody-mediated early death in vivo after infection with yellow fever virus.
Lethal 17D yellow fever encephalitis in mice. I. Passive protection by monoclonal antibodies to the envelope proteins of 17D yellow fever and dengue 2 viruses.
[Arboviruses and lemurs in Madagascar: experimental infection of Lemur fulvus with attenuated strains of yellow fever virus].
WHO Expert Committee on Yellow Fever. Third report.
Yellow fever immunity surveys in northern Uganda and Kenya and eastern Somalia, 1966-67.
Impact of epidemic yellow fever on life in Louisiana.
Shifting epidemiology of Flaviviridae.
Spread of ZIKV and YFV to China: Potential implications.
Development and evaluation of loop-mediated isothermal amplification assay for detection of Crimean Congo hemorrhagic fever virus in Sudan.
[Stegomyian indices and epidemiological status of yellow fever in a rural area of the Ivory Coast].
Congenital yellow fever virus infection after immunization in pregnancy.
Recombinant vaccinia virus producing the prM and E proteins of yellow fever virus protects mice from lethal yellow fever encephalitis.
[Yellow fever in Western Africa, 1973-1987. Observed facts--studies realized, campaign, prevention and forecast].
Sylvatic yellow fever activity in Trinidad, 1988-1989.
Sensitive and specific monoclonal immunoassay for detecting yellow fever virus in laboratory and clinical specimens.
[Endemic emergence of yellow fever in the Ivory Coast: the place of anti-yellow fever IgM detection in the strategy of surveillance].
Effect of a nuclease-resistant derivative of polyriboinosinic-polyribocytidylic acid complex on yellow fever in rhesus monkeys (Macaca mulatta).
Vectors of the 1969 yellow fever epidemic on the Jos Plateau, Nigeria.
Virulence and pathogenesis of yellow fever virus serially passaged in cell culture.
Yellow fever virus infection. A correlation of complement-fixing antigen with histopathology.
Yellow fever in New Orleans, 1853: abstractions and realities.
The dissemination of 17D yellow fever vaccine in Africans in Kenya in relation to the interpretation of results of protection-test surveys.
Chapare virus, a newly discovered arenavirus isolated from a fatal hemorrhagic fever case in Bolivia.
Benjamin Rush, Edinburgh Medicine and the Rise of Physician Autobiography.
Yellow fever: ecology, epidemiology, and role in the collapse of the Classic lowland Maya civilization.
Jungle yellow fever in the central Amazon.
Polyamines, and effects from reducing their synthesis during egg development in the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
Epidemic focus. Waiting in the wings: Aedes mosquitoes and flavivirus epidemics.
TWO EPISODES OF DENGUE FEVER, CAUSED BY TYPES 4 AND 1 VIRUSES, IN AN INDIVIDUAL PREVIOUSLY IMMUNIZED AGAINST YELLOW FEVER.
Evidence of recent jungle Yellow-Fever activity in Eastern Panama.
The European Virus Archive goes global: A growing resource for research.
[Yellow fever: modern aspects of an ancient malady].
Formation of lipid reserves in fat body and eggs of the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
Why We Vaccinate Sailors.
Risks of travel, benefits of a specialist consult.
Microsatellite loci are not abundant in all arthropod genomes: analyses in the hard tick, Ixodes scapularis and the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
Dispersal of Aedes aegypti: field study in temperate areas using a novel method.
Yellow fever/Japanese encephalitis chimeric viruses: construction and biological properties.
Lipophorin levels in the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti, and the effect of feeding.
Dengue, chikungunya … and the missing entity - Zika fever: A new emerging threat.
ELECTRON MICROSCOPIC AND IMMUNOFLUORESCENT OBSERVATIONS ON MONKEY LIVER AND TISSUE CULTURE CELLS INFECTED WITH THE ASIBI STRAIN OF YELLOW FEVER VIRUS.
[EPIDEMIC OF YELLOW FEVER IN ETHIOPIA (1960-1962). PRELIMINARY STUDY].
A follow-up of immunity after inoculation with 17D yellow fever vaccine.
Immunological studies with group B arthropod-borne viruses. III. Response of human subjects to revaccination with 17D strain yellow fever vaccine.
Milk as a dilution fluid in the titration of yellow fever vaccine.
[Severe complications of the detachment of low placenta inserted in the 6th month after injection of anti-yellow fever vaccine (standard virus living on chick embryo, Rockefeller 17D strain) in a 24-year-old para II].
REQUIREMENTS for biological substances. 3. Requirements for yellow fever vaccine. 4. Requirements for cholera vaccine. Report of a study group.
Yellow fever vaccines, a consideration of different types and their field trials.
Encephalitis following neurotropic yellow fever vaccine administered by scarification in Nigeria: epidemiological and laboratory studies.
Vaccination by scarification with 17D yellow fever vaccine prepared at Yaba, Lagos, Nigeria.
Residuals of yellow fever vaccine after ten years; a medical and legal problem.
A combined yellow fever-smallpox vaccine for cutaneous application.
Yellow fever vaccination, simple or associated with vaccination against smallpox, of the populations of French West Africa by the method of the Pasteur Institute of Dakar.
Yellow fever vaccine inactivation studies.
YELLOW fever vaccine and its preparation.
PREPARATION of the yellow fever vaccine produced by the Pasteur Institute, Dakar.
Skin reaction to yellow fever vaccine.
Quantitation of protein content by biuret method during production of Yellow Fever Vaccine.
Anaphylaxis from yellow fever vaccine.
Field trial of combined yellow fever and measles vaccines among children in Nigeria.
FIELD EXPERIENCE WITH COMBINED LIVE MEASLES, SMALLPOX AND YELLOW FEVER VACCINES.
Immunological studies with group B arthropod-borne viruses. I. Broadened neutralizing antibody spectrum induced by strain 17D yellow fever vaccine in human subjects previously infected with Japanese encephalitis virus.
Infection and nutritional status. II. Effect of mild virus infection induced by 17-D yellow fever vaccine on nitrogen metabolism in children.
[Presentation of apparatus used for the preparation of yellow fever vaccine (17-D strain from the Rockefeller Foundation)].
Reactions following neurotropic yellow fever vaccine given by scarification in Nigeria.
The stability of chick embryo yellow fever vaccine during storage.
The reaction to yellow fever vaccine (17D), particularly in allergic individuals.
[Yellow fever in Central America; nature of jungle yellow fever and its historical antecedents].
A preliminary evaluation of the immunizing power of chick-embryo 17 D yellow fever vaccine inoculated by scarification.
Yellow fever vaccine and a mouse potency test.
Jaundice. IV. Distant appraisal of yellow fever vaccine hepatitis.
DAKAR yellow fever vaccine.
Evaluation of the Leaf Essential Oil from <i>Artemisia vulgaris</i> and Its Larvicidal and Repellent Activity against Dengue Fever Vector <i>Aedes aegypti</i>-An Experimental and Molecular Docking Investigation.
[Epidemics and diseases during the Independence period in Mexico].
Effect of Ebola virus disease on maternal and child health services in Guinea: a retrospective observational cohort study.
Identification of envelope protein epitopes that are important in the attenuation process of wild-type yellow fever virus.
Human antibodies to dengue and yellow fever do not react in diagnostic assays for hepatitis C virus.
The thermal stability of yellow fever vaccines.
Comparison of neurovirulence of different strains of yellow fever virus in mice.
Sentinel surveillance for yellow fever in Kenya, 1993 to 1995.
Membrane and envelope virus proteins co-expressed as lysosome associated membrane protein (LAMP) fused antigens: a potential tool to develop DNA vaccines against flaviviruses.
Structure of hermes integrations in the germline of the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
Unexpected healers: Chinese medicine in the age of global migration (Lima and California, 1850-1930).
Current Comment: Counting the World's Cost.
Genetic differentiation in the yellow fever virus vector, Aedes simpsoni complex, in Africa: sequence variation in the ribosomal DNA internal transcribed spacers of anthropophilic and non-anthropophilic populations.
Flaviviruses and Kidney Diseases.
How four once common diseases were eliminated from the American South.
Vaccinal issues between Belgian and French travelers.
In search of Flavivirus inhibitors part 2: tritylated, diphenylmethylated and other alkylated nucleoside analogues.
The coagulation defect in Rift Valley fever and yellow fever virus infections.
Exposure to yellow fever vaccine in early pregnancy.
Dopamine receptor antagonists as new mode-of-action insecticide leads for control of Aedes and Culex mosquito vectors.
Forecasting dengue fever in Brazil: An assessment of climate conditions.
Arboviruses pathogenic for domestic and wild animals.
Yellow fever 5' noncoding region as a potential element to improve hepatitis C virus production through modification of translational control.
Diary notes on a trip to West Africa in relation to a yellow fever expedition under the auspices of the Rockefeller Foundation, 1926, by Oskar Klotz.
[Traveler's syndromes and medical repatriation].
[The conquest of yellow fever by Carlos J. Finlay and Claudio Delgado].
[Paul-Louis Simond and the Marchoux mission in Brazil].
trans-Complementation of yellow fever virus NS1 reveals a role in early RNA replication.
Combining the sterile insect technique with the incompatible insect technique: I-impact of wolbachia infection on the fitness of triple- and double-infected strains of Aedes albopictus.
Simultaneous administration of hepatitis B and yellow fever vaccines.
ETIOLOGY OF YELLOW FEVER : II. TRANSMISSION EXPERIMENTS ON YELLOW FEVER.
The Hajj: updated health hazards and current recommendations for 2012.
THE USE OF MICE IN TESTS OF IMMUNITY AGAINST YELLOW FEVER.
[Estimation of the survival rate, the relative density and the infection rate of a population of Haemagogus janthinomys Dyar (Diptera, Culicidae) from which strains of yellow fever were isolated in Brazilian Amazon].
[Epidemiological research on cases of yellow fever in the northwestern region of the State of São Paulo, Brazil].
[Yellow fever].
A century of progress in combating yellow fever.
Protection against 17D yellow fever encephalitis in mice by passive transfer of monoclonal antibodies to the nonstructural glycoprotein gp48 and by active immunization with gp48.
Glad tidings from yellow fever research.
Comparative immunoelectron microscopy with monoclonal antibodies on yellow fever virus-infected cells: pre-embedding labelling versus immunocryoultramicrotomy.
Yellow fever vaccine.
[3 cases of yellow fever contracted in Senegal].
[Yellow fever in Senegal from 1976 to 1980 (author's transl)].
Yellow fever in the Gambia, 1978--1979: entomological aspects and epidemiological correlations.
[Yellow fever. History and current status. Yellow fever in Barcelona in 1821].
Survey of the relative prevalence of potential yellow fever vectors in north-west Nigeria.
Lysozymes in yellow fever infection.
The yellow fever epidemic in Luanda in 1971.
Isolation of yellow fever virus from a human liver obtained by autopsy in Surinam.
[History of the Yellow fever in Brazil].
Doctor John Mitchell's yellow fever epidemics.
[A new combined vaccine against yellow fever and measles in infants aged 6 to 24 months in Mali].
THE RELATIONSHIP OF YELLOW FEVER OF THE WESTERN HEMISPHERE TO THAT OF AFRICA AND TO LEPTOSPIRAL JAUNDICE.
NON-FATAL INFECTION OF MICE FOLLOWING INTRACEREBRAL INOCULATION OF YELLOW FEVER VIRUS.
[Evaluation of the immunological and entomological indices of yellow fever in the subprefecture of Taï, Ivory Coast].
Yellow fever and hookworm disease. Impetus for public health in the southern United States.
[Simultaneous vaccination against hepatitis A and yellow fever].
Recombinant baculoviruses expressing yellow fever virus E and NS1 proteins elicit protective immunity in mice.
Yellow fever virus activity--Trinidad and Tobago.
Yellow fever in Swansea, 1865.
Comparison of the enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) with standard tests used to detect yellow fever virus antibodies.
[Experimental transmission of the yellow fever virus by the tick Amblyomma variegatum (F.) (author's transl)].
The metabolic response to yellow fever immunization: protein-sparing modified fast.
An epidemic of yellow fever in Central Brazil, 1972-1973. II. Ecological studies.
Yellow fever in the Gambia, 1978--1979: epidemiologic aspects with observations on the occurrence of orungo virus infections.
Transovarial transmission of yellow fever virus by mosquitoes (Aedes aegypti).
[Yellow fever].
Laboratory studies on the transmission of yellow fever virus by Aedes (Finlaya) notoscriptus (Dipt., Culicidae).
Failure of yellow fever immunization to produce a catabolic response in individuals fully adapted to a protein-sparing modified fast.
Arbovirus studies in Nupeko forest, a possible natural focus of yellow fever virus in Nigeria. I. Description of the area and serological survey of humans and other vertebrate hosts.
The 1970 yellow fever epidemic in Okwoga District, Benue Plateau State, Nigeria. 3. Serological responses in persons with and without pre-existing heterologous group B immunity.
Morphogenesis of yellow fever virus in mouse brain.
Role of macrophages and antibody in resistance of mice against yellow fever virus.
[Relation between viremia and sero-antibodies to the anti-yellow fever vaccination of persons vaccinated with strain 17D-EP].
Response to letter.
Travel medicine and vaccines for HIV-infected travelers.
Vaccination against mosquito borne viral infections: current status.
Novel synthesis of gold nanoparticles using Artemisia vulgaris L. leaf extract and their efficacy of larvicidal activity against dengue fever vector Aedes aegypti L.
The niche reduction approach: an opportunity for optimal control of infectious diseases in low-income countries?
Yellow fever.
INCIDENCE of disease; foreign reports of cholera, plague, smallpox, typhus fever and yellow fever received during the current week.
INCIDENCE of disease; foreign reports; reports of cholera, plague, smallpox, typhus fever, and yellow fever received during the current week.
INCIDENCE of diseases; foreign reports; reports of cholera, plague, smallpox, typhus fever, and yellow fever received during the current week.
INCIDENCE of disease; foreign reports; reports of cholera, plague, smallpox, typhus fever, and yellow fever received during the current week.
INCIDENCE of disease; foreign reports; reports of cholera, plague, smallpox, typhus fever, and yellow fever received during the current week.
INCIDENCE of disease; foreign reports; reports of cholera, plague, smallpox, typhus fever, and yellow fever received during the current week.
INCIDENCE of disease; foreign reports; of cholera, plague, smallpox, typhus fever, and yellow fever received during the current week.
INCIDENCE of disease; foreign reports; reports of cholera, plague, smallpox, typhus fever, and yellow fever received during the current week.
INCIDENCE of disease; foreign reports; reports of cholera, plague, smallpox, typhus fever and yellow fever received during the current week.
Single mutation in the flavivirus envelope protein hinge region increases neurovirulence for mice and monkeys but decreases viscerotropism for monkeys: relevance to development and safety testing of live, attenuated vaccines.
INCIDENCE of disease; foreign reports; reports of cholera, plague, smallpox, typhus fever and yellow fever received during the current week.
INCIDENCE of disease; foreign reports; reports of cholera, plague, smallpox, typhus fever and yellow fever received during the current week.
INCIDENCE of disease; foreign reports; reports of cholera, plague, smallpox, typhus fever and yellow fever received during the current week.
INCIDENCE of disease; foreign reports; reports of cholera, plague, smallpox, typhus fever and yellow fever received during the current week.
Bleeding by numbers. Rush versus Corbbett.
Urban Spread of Flaviviruses: A New Challenge in Solid-organ Transplant Recipients.
To err is human: Clinical incident calls to a national travel health advice line.
Regulatory T cell frequencies and phenotypes following anti-viral vaccination.
Stability of yellow fever vaccine.
Factors influencing standard pretravel health advice--a study in Belgium.
Yellow fever in 1994 and 1995.
Mutation in NS5 protein attenuates mouse neurovirulence of yellow fever 17D vaccine virus.
[Tropical virus not only in the tropics. Treatment, epidemiology and diagnosis of tropical viral infections].
1831: the map that launched the idea of   global health.
Dengue 2 vaccine: dose response in volunteers in relation to yellow fever immune status.
Aedes albopictus (Skuse, 1894) infected with the American-Asian genotype of dengue type 2 virus in Medellín suggests its possible role as vector of dengue fever in Colombia.
Temperature, larval diet, and density effects on development rate and survival of Aedes aegypti (Diptera: Culicidae).
Recent Laboratory Contributions to the Control of Yellow Fever: (Section of Tropical Diseases and Parasitology).
THE SUSCEPTIBILITY OF THE PYGMY ANTEATER, CYCLOPES DIDACTYLUS, TO YELLOW FEVER VIRUS.
ELECTRON MICROSCOPIC STUDY OF SPINAL CORD OF MICE INFECTED WITH YELLOW FEVER VIRUS.
Demonstration of yellow fever virus with the electron microscope.
[Studies on some methods of propagation of yellow fever virus in tissue culture].
Demonstration of yellow fever virus in human cell culture by immunofluorescence.
Immunization experiments in mice with dead or neutralized yellow fever virus.
Some experiments with dilution media for yellow fever virus in virus titrations.
Isolation of yellow fever virus from man and mosquitoes in the Amazon region of Brazil.
Plaque production with yellow fever and related arthropodborne viruses.
[Cultivation of yellow fever virus in human explants].
Effects of yellow fever (17D) and West Nile viruses on the reactions of human appendix and conjunctive cells to several other viruses.
Some data on the immunity of mice to yellow fever virus.
[Virus of yellow fever].
[Study of the sensitivity of the guinea pig to parenteral inoculations of neurotropic yellow fever virus].
The isolation of yellow fever virus from human liver obtained at autopsy.
Encephalitis in infants following vaccination with 17 D yellow fever virus: report of a further case.
Proved and potential vectors of yellow fever in South Africa.
Isolation of the virus as a diagnostic procedure for yellow fever in West Africa.
Electron microscopy of yellow fever virus (17D strain).
[American endemic zone of yellow fever; map].
Progress of sylvan yellow fever wave in Central America; Nicaragua and Honduras.
A review of the results of yellow fever protection-tests on the sera of primates from Kenya.
Yellow fever in Panama; historical and contemporary.
[Yellow fever].
The facultative breeding of Haemagogus spegazzinii falco Kumm et al., the vector of jungle yellow fever in Colombia.
Periodicity in the annual incidence of reported cases of yellow fever during the past fifty years.
Yellow fever in the Caribbean.
[New epidemiological developments on jungle yellow fever in northwestern Argentina; addendum].
[Epidemics of yellow fever in the Central America].
Further studies on the susceptibility of African wild animals to yellow fever.
[Yellow fever in Mexico; past and present].
[Outbreak of jungle yellow fever in Santo Domingo de los Colorados, Ecuador].
A study of the epidemiology of yellow fever in West Nile District, Uganda.
[Epidemiological types of yellow fever and laboratory methods for its study].
The cyclical transmission of yellow fever virus through the grivet monkey, Cercopithecus aethiops centralis Neumann, and the mosquito Aëdes (Stegomyia) africanus Theobald.
The epidemiology of yellow fever in Central Africa.
Additional observations on the duration of humoral immunity following vaccination with the 17D strain of yellow fever virus.
The reaction of certain species of bats to yellow fever virus.
The cultivation of yellow fever virus; observations on the infection of developing chick embryos.
The reaction of woolly opossums (Caluromys laniger) to yellow fever virus.
An experiment with neurotropic yellow fever virus in saimiri monkeys and haemagogus mosquitoes.
The mosquitos of the Kaimosi Forest, Kenya Colony, with special reference to yellow fever.
Studies on susceptibility of marsupialia to different strains of yellow fever virus.
An epidemiological study of jungle yellow fever in an endemic area in Brazil; epidemiology of human infections; investigation of vertebrate hosts and arthropod vectors.
Yellow fever in West Africa, 1942.
MEMORANDUM on yellow fever in British Guiana.
Obatoclax Inhibits Alphavirus Membrane Fusion by Neutralizing the Acidic Environment of Endocytic Compartments.
History of domestication and spread of Aedes aegypti--a review.
EFFECTS OF CORTISONE ON IN VITRO VIRAL INFECTION. I. INHIBITION OF CYTOPATHOGENESIS BY POLIO, RABIES AND YELLOW FEVER VIRUSES IN HUMAN EMBRYONIC CELLS.
SURVEILLANCE FOR SYLVAN YELLOW FEVER ACTIVITY IN PANAMA (1957-1961).
HISTOPATHOLOGY OF THE CENTRAL NERVOUS SYSTEM IN SWISS MICE INTRACEREBRALLY INOCULATED WITH 17-D STRAIN OF YELLOW FEVER VIRUS.
[On the morphology of yellow fever virus (short report)].
[Isolation of the yellow fever virus in the Belgian Congo].
[The cultivation of yellow fever virus 17D on ascites of the Krebs-2-carcinoma].
[Demonstration of yellow fever virus hemagglutinin in human explantate].
Adsorption to ascites cells and eclipse phenomenon of yellow fever virus in ascites-carcinoma.
A plaque technique for the titration of yellow fever virus and antisera.
Culture of yellow fever virus 17D in ascites of Krebs-2-carcinoma.
Laboratory tests on the maintenance of yellow fever virus in certain predatory arthropods.
Isolation of yellow fever virus from Haemagogus lucifer, H. equinus, H. spegazzinii falco, Sabethes chloropterus and Anopheles neivai captured in Panama in the fall of 1956.
The invasion of the brain by yellow fever virus present in the blood of mice.
Isolation of yellow fever virus from Haemagogus mesodentatus, H. equinus and Sabethes chloropterus captured in Guatemala in 1956.
[Possible mosquito vectors of yellow fever virus in Argentina].
Survey of mosquitoes captured in Honduras for yellow fever virus.
Isolation of yellow fever virus from a human patient on the twelfth day of illness.
The isolation of yellow fever virus from the livers of naturally infected red howler monkeys.
Immunity relations between dengue and yellow fever.
Study by electron microscopy of erythrocytes from cave bats (Myotus lucifugus) infected intraperitoneally with yellow fever virus (17 D strain).
Encephalitis in an infant after vaccination with 17 D yellow fever virus.
Particle size of yellow fever virus.
Uganda S and yellow fever viruses; a slight relationship shown by experiments in rhesus monkeys and white mice.
Electron micrographs of erythrocytes from Swiss albino mice infected with yellow fever virus (strain 17D).
A fatal case of yellow fever in a European in Uganda.
[African endemic zone of yellow fever; map].
[Yellow fever in the Americas; places where cases have occurred; 1932-1952; map].
[Epidemiology of yellow fever in Africa; data on its selvatic cycle].
Sylvan yellow fever in Central America.
Public health aspects of the campaign against yellow fever in Central America.
Endemic yellow fever in Panama and neighboring areas.
The transmission of neurotropic yellow fever virus to rats.
Monkeys in relation to the epidemiology of yellow fever in Uganda.
The habits of the mosquito Aëdes (Stegomyia) simpsoni Theobald in relation to the epidemiology of yellow fever in Uganda.
Experiments to test the possibility of transovarial transmission of yellow fever virus in the mosquito Aëdes (Stegomyia) africanus Theobald.
The neutralization of French neurotropic yellow fever virus by sera of Bwamba children.
The survival of yellow fever virus in refrigerated mosquitoes.
A study of the concentration of yellow fever virus which will infect certain species of Aedes mosquitoes.
The susceptibility of howler monkeys to yellow fever virus.
[Pantropic viruses. 5. Yellow fever virus].
[Pantropic viruses. V. Yellow fever virus].
The invasion of small forests by yellow fever virus as indicated by immunity in Cebus monkeys.
Studies on susceptibility of neotropical rodents to different strains of yellow fever virus.
Studies on cyclic passage of yellow fever virus in South American mammals and mosquitoes; marsupials (Metachirus nudicaudatus and Marmosa) in combination with Aedes aegypti as vector.
Jacksonville's yellow fever epidemic. 1888.
The cultivation of yellow fever virus; factors influencing the multiplication of 17D virus in tissue culture.
The laboratory transmission of yellow fever virus by Haemagogus splendens.
The development of the virus of yellow fever in haemagogus mosquitoes.
Studies on cyclic passage of yellow fever virus in South American mammals and mosquitoes; marmosets (Callithrix penicillata and Leontocebus chrysomelas) in combination with Aedes aegypti.
The natural history of yellow fever in Colombia.
Isolation of yellow fever virus from African mosquitoes.
Use of MAC-ELISA for evaluation of yellow fever vaccination.
[Culture of the French strain of viscerotropic yellow fever virus on pig kidney cells].
Structure and location of a ferritin gene of the yellow fever mosquito Aedes aegypti.
Genomic and evolutionary analysis of Feilai, a diverse family of highly reiterated SINEs in the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
First sero-prevalence of dengue fever specific immunoglobulin G antibodies in Western and North-Western provinces of Zambia: a population based cross sectional study.
[New aspects in travel vaccinations].
Rules to 'prime' by.
Secondary structure of the 3'-untranslated region of yellow fever virus: implications for virulence, attenuation and vaccine development.
Simultaneous administration of hepatitis B and yellow fever vaccines.
ETIOLOGY OF YELLOW FEVER : IX. MOSQUITOES IN RELATION TO YELLOW FEVER.
[Rapid immunologic diagnosis of yellow fever. Detection of anti-yellow-fever-virus in the presence of an icterogenic hepatitis contracted in a tropical milieu].
Licensed Dengue Vaccine: Public Health Conundrum and Scientific Challenge.
YELLOW-FEVER panel; report on the first session.
Mutagenesis of the N-linked glycosylation sites of the yellow fever virus NS1 protein: effects on virus replication and mouse neurovirulence.
Yellow fever virus envelope protein has two discrete type-specific neutralizing epitopes.
Engineered resistance in Aedes aegypti to a West African and a South American strain of yellow fever virus.
[Registry and distribution update of the species of the Haemagogus (Diptera: Culicidae) genus in the Caribbean region of Colombia].
Comparison of the genomes of the wild-type French viscerotropic strain of yellow fever virus with its vaccine derivative French neurotropic vaccine.
Discovery of berberine, abamectin and ivermectin as antivirals against chikungunya and other alphaviruses.
Yellow fever infection after recent convalescence from chikungunya fever: report of a fatal case.
Changes in body fluid compartments, tissue water and electrolyte distribution, and lipid concentrations in rhesus macaques with yellow fever.
Safety and immunogenicity of a new inactivated hepatitis A vaccine in concurrent administration with a typhoid fever vaccine or a typhoid fever + yellow fever vaccine.
Expanded programme on immunization (EPI). Inclusion of yellow fever vaccine in the EPI.
Safety and immunogenicity of live oral cholera and typhoid vaccines administered alone or in combination with antimalarial drugs, oral polio vaccine, or yellow fever vaccine.
Wicking assay for the rapid detection of Rift Valley fever viral antigens in mosquitoes (Diptera: Culicidae).
Yellow fever in New Orleans.
Analysis of human skin emanations by gas chromatography/mass spectrometry. 2. Identification of volatile compounds that are candidate attractants for the yellow fever mosquito (Aedes aegypti).
INCIDENCE of disease. Foreign reports: world distribution of cholera, plague, smallpox, typhus fever, and yellow fever.
INCIDENCE of disease. Foreign reports; reports of cholera, plague, smallpox, typhus fever and yellow fever received during the current week.
INCIDENCE of disease. Foreign reports; reports of cholera, plague, smallpox, typhus fever, and yellow fever received during the current week.
INCIDENCE of disease. Foreign reports; reports of cholera, plague, smallpox, typhus fever, and yellow fever received during the current week.
INCIDENCE of disease. Foreign reports; world distribution of cholera, plague, smallpox, typhus fever, and yellow fever.
INCIDENCE of disease. Foreign reports: world distribution of cholera, plague, smallpox, typhus fever, and yellow fever.
INCIDENCE of disease; foreign reports. Reports of cholera, plague, smallpox, typhus fever, and yellow fever received during the current week.
INCIDENCE of disease; reports of cholera, plague, smallpox, typhus fever, and yellow fever received during the current week.
INCIDENCE of disease, foreign reports. Reports of cholera, plague, smallpox, typhus fever, and yellow fever received during the current week.
Novel formulations enhance the thermal stability of live-attenuated flavivirus vaccines.
INCIDENCE of disease. Foreign reports; world distribution of cholera, plague, smallpox, typhus fever, and yellow fever.
INCIDENCE of disease. Foreign reports; reports of cholera, plague, smallpox, typhus fever, and yellow fever received during the current week.
INCIDENCE of disease. Foreign reports; reports of cholera, plague, smallpox, typhus fever, and yellow fever received during the current week.
INCIDENCE of disease. Foreign reports; reports of cholera, plague, smallpox, typhus fever, and yellow fever received during the current week.
INCIDENCE of disease. Foreign reports. Reports of cholera, plague, smallpox, typhus fever and yellow fever received during the current week.
INCIDENCE of disease. Foreign reports; world distribution of cholera, plague, smallpox, typhus fever, and yellow fever.
Neutralizing F(ab')2 fragments of protective monoclonal antibodies to yellow fever virus (YF) envelope protein fail to protect mice against lethal YF encephalitis.
Yellow fever.
Yellow fever: the 1978 outbreak in Trinidad and Tobago.
[Mosquito caused death: the yellow fever epidemics in San Juan of Puerto Rico 1804-1805].
[The epidemiology of yellow fever in Western Africa].
[An epidemic of yellow fever in Peru].
Severe yellow fever with 23-day survival.
Yellow fever in Africa.
Hunting the yellow fever germ: the principle and practice of etiological proof in late nineteenth-century America.
Yellow fever in Ghana, 1977-80.
Classics in infectious diseases. The etiology of yellow fever: a preliminary note. Walter Reed, James Carroll, A. Agramonte, and Jesse W. Lazear, Surgeons, U.S. Army. The Philadelphia Medical Journal 1900.
A new look at yellow fever and malaria.
Effect of diet on the metabolic response to infection: protein-sparing modified fast plus 100 grams glucose and yellow fever immunization.
Indirect fluorescent antibody test for the diagnosis of yellow fever.
[Quantitative determination of the disintegration of nerve cells in the cortex caused by viral encephalitis (17 D-yellow fever), as a basis for the evaluation of the pathological processes in the central nerve system (author's transl)].
[Current status of yellow fever in the world and the importance of aircraft in its possible spread].
[Isolation of the yellow fever virus in Paris from 2 imported human cases].
More about yellow fever.
Yellow fever in the 1790s: the British army in occupied Saint Domingue.
[François Miyeli (1911-1927-1973) and the French strain of yellow fever virus].
Simultaneous vaccination against cholera and yellow fever.
Importance of nonhuman primates in yellow fever epidemiology in Nigeria.
Lymphocytes and yellow fever. I. Transient virus refractory state following vaccination of man with the 17-D strain.
Yellow fever vaccine. I. Development of a vaccine seed free from contaminating avian leukosis viruses.
[Studies on yellow fever in Ethiopia. 6. Epidemiologic study].
[Studies on yellow fever in Ethiopia. 3. Serological and virological studies of the woodland fauna].
[Studies on yellow fever in Ethiopia. I. Introduction- clinical symptoms of yellow fever].
Studies on the livers of yellow-fever-infected African monkeys.
From research to phase III: preclinical, industrial and clinical development of the Sanofi Pasteur tetravalent dengue vaccine.
Host range, amplification and arboviral disease emergence.
[Yellow fever, measles, rubella].
Resurgence of yellow fever.
Unto the least of these: the Howard Association and yellow fever.
Seasonality, biting cycle and parity of the yellow fever vector mosquito Haemagogus janthinomys in Trinidad.
Yellow fever: Victor, Victoria? Conqueror, conquest? Epidemics and research in the last forty years and prospects for the future.
Yellow fever in 1988.
Immunogenicity of a purified fragment of 17D yellow fever envelope protein.
Yellow fever vaccine. Recommendations of the Immunization Practices Advisory Committee (ACIP).
Dr. Carlos Finlay and yellow fever.
The 1987 yellow fever epidemic in Mali: viral and immunological diagnosis.
Studies on yellow fever vaccine. I. Quality-control parameters.
Aedes aegypti and yellow fever virus: the effect of chloroquine on infection and transmission rates.
[A scientific discovery truncated in 1912, that of yellow fever in the jungles of Yucatan].
Neutralizing (54K) and non-neutralizing (54K and 48K) monoclonal antibodies against structural and non-structural yellow fever virus proteins confer immunity in mice.
[Reactions to vaccination against yellow fever].
Leads from the MMWR. Yellow fever vaccine.
A continuing focus of yellow fever in the Apurimac River Valley, Ayacucho, Peru, and the first isolation of yellow fever virus in that country.
Detection of yellow fever virus in serum by enzyme immunoassay.
[Yellow fever (epidemiology and prevention)].
Growth of 17D yellow fever virus in a macrophage-like cell line, U937: role of Fc and viral receptors in antibody-mediated infection.
The conquest of yellow fever: the Rockefeller Foundation.
Persistence of neutralizing antibody 30-35 years after immunization with 17D yellow fever vaccine.
[Yellow fever. Report of a fatal case in the Paris area (author's transl)].
Limitations of the complement-fixation test for distinguishing naturally acquired from vaccine-induced yellow fever infection in flavivirus-hyperendemic areas.
Benefit versus risk factors in immunization against yellow fever.
The sugar connection: a new perspective on the history of yellow fever.
Benjamin Rush, his work on yellow fever and his British connections.
Serum lactate dehydrogenase of normal, stressed, and yellow fever virus-infected rhesus monkeys.
Yellow fever epidemic sites revisited: possible areas of yellow fever endemicity in Ethiopia.
Editorial: Yellow fever--a continuing problem.
Yellow fever vaccine: direct challenge of monkeys given graded doses of 17D vaccine.
Laboratory infection with Zika virus after vaccination against yellow fever.
[Anatomo-pathological diagnosis of yellow fever (apropos of the epidemic in Upper Volta in 1969)].
Recent research on yellow fever in Kenya.
[History of urban and wild yellow fever in the Republic of Argentina].
[The peripheral blood picture of Rhesus monkeys following infection with yellow fever strains of different pathogenicity].
Yellow fever.
Electron-microscope studies on the livers of yellow-fever-infected African monkeys.
Electron-microscope studies on the liver cells of yellow-fever-infected rhesus monkeys.
Cytological and cytochemical studies on the liver cells of yellow-fever-infected rhesus monkeys.
Pathologic studies on suspect animal and human cases of Rift Valley fever from an outbreak in Eastern Africa, 2006-2007.
Yellow fever vaccination during pregnancy and spontaneous abortion: a case-control study.
A clinical study of stabilized 17D strain live attenuated yellow fever vaccine.
Yellow fever vaccine. II. Antigenicity and neurovirulence of a vaccine seed free from avian leukosis virus.
The reaction of a mangabey monkey (Cercocebus galeritus agilis Milne-Edwards) to inoculation with yellow fever virus.
[Dr. Carlos J. Finlay (1833-1915): on the centenary of his decease].
The role of IAP antagonist proteins in the core apoptosis pathway of the mosquito disease vector Aedes aegypti.
Effect of interval between inoculation of live smallpox and yellow-fever vaccines on antigenicity in man.
Low Thymic Activity and Dendritic Cell Numbers Are Associated with the Immune Response to Primary Viral Infection in Elderly Humans.
Stability of 17D yellow fever virus vaccine using different stabilizers.
[Fate of virus vectors of yellow fever, dengue & 3-day fever].
INCIDENCE of disease. Foreign reports; reports of cholera, plague, smallpox, typhus fever, and yellow fever received during the current week.
INCIDENCE of disease. Foreign reports; reports of cholera, plague, smallpox, typhus fever, and yellow fever received during the current week.
INCIDENCE of disease. Foreign reports; reports of cholera, plague, smallpox, typhus fever, yellow fever received during the current week.
INCIDENCE of disease. Foreign reports; world distribution of cholera, plague, smallpox, typhus fever, and yellow fever.
INCIDENCE of disease. Foreign reports; reports of cholera, plague, smallpox, typhus fever, and yellow fever received during the current week.
REPORTS of cholera, plague, smallpox typhus fever, and yellow fever received during the current week.
WORLD distribution of cholera, plague, smallpox, typhus fever and yellow fever.
REPORTS of cholera, plague, smallpox, typhus fever, and yellow fever received during the current week.
REPORTS of cholera, plague, smallpox, typhus fever, and yellow fever received during the current week.
REPORTS of cholera, plague, smallpox, typhus fever, and yellow fever received during the current week.
REPORTS of cholera, plague, smallpox, typhus fever and yellow fever received during current week.
WORLD distribution of cholera, plague, smallpox, typhus fever and yellow fever.
REPORTS of cholera, plague, smallpox, typhus fever, and yellow fever received during the current week.
A factor Xa-directed anticoagulant from the salivary glands of the yellow fever mosquito Aedes aegypti.
Partial inhibition of yellow fever virus replication in vitro with different phosphorothioate oligodeoxyribonucleotides.
Viral exanthems in the tropics.
INCIDENCE of disease. Foreign reports; reports of cholera, plague, smallpox, typhus fever, and yellow fever received during the current week.
INCIDENCE of disease. Foreign reports; reports of cholera, plague, smallpox, typhus fever, and yellow fever received during the current week.
INCIDENCE of disease. Foreign reports; reports of cholera, plague, smallpox, typhus fever, and yellow fever received during the current week.
INCIDENCE of disease: Foreign reports; world distribution of cholera, plague, smallpox, typhus fever, and yellow fever.
INCIDENCE of disease. Foreign reports; reports of cholera, plague, smallpox, typhus fever, and yellow fever received during the current week.
INCIDENCE of disease. Foreign reports; reports of cholera, plague, smallpox, typhus fever and yellow fever received during the current week.
INCIDENCE of disease. Foreign reports; reports of cholera, plague, smallpox, typhus fever, and yellow fever received during the current week.
INCIDENCE of disease. Foreign reports; reports of cholera, plague, smallpox, typhus fever, and yellow fever received during the current week.
INCIDENCE of disease. Foreign reports; reports of cholera, plague, smallpox, typhus and yellow fever.
INCIDENCE of disease. Foreign reports; world distribution of cholera, plague, smallpox, typhus fever, and yellow fever.
WORLD distribution of cholera, plague, smallpox, typhus fever, and yellow fever.
REPORTS of cholera, plague, smallpox, typhus fever and yellow fever received during the current week.
INCIDENCE of disease, foreign reports; reports of cholera, plague, smallpox, typhus fever, and yellow fever received during the current week.
WORLD distribution of cholera, plague, smallpox, typhus fever, and yellow fever.
REPORTS of cholera, plague, smallpox, typhus fever and yellow fever received during the current week.
Production of virus-specific antisera using synthetic peptides corresponding to sequences in the yellow fever E protein: brief report.
[The combined measles-yellow fever vaccination in African infants aged 6 to 10 months].
Expression of the structural proteins of dengue 2 virus and yellow fever virus by recombinant vaccinia viruses.
ETIOLOGY OF YELLOW FEVER : V. PROPERTIES OF BLOOD SERUM OF YELLOW FEVER PATIENTS IN RELATION TO LEPTOSPIRA ICTEROIDES.
The best possible intentions testing prophylactic approaches on humans in developing countries.
[The inhibiting effect of anticholera vaccination carried out simultaneously or at short intervals on yellow fever immunization. Is it real or assumed? Results of a retrospective study].
Algorithms in the diagnosis and management of exotic diseases. XIX. Major tropical viral infections: smallpox, yellow fever, and Lassa fever.
Vaccinations and Malaria Chemoprophylaxis of Adolescents Traveling From Greece to International Destinations: A Nine-Year Prospective Study.
A Dublin observer of the Lisbon yellow fever epidemic.
"In Utter Fearlessness of the Reigning Disease": Imagined Immunities and the Outbreak Narratives of Charles Brockden Brown.
Outbreak of viral hemorrhagic fever caused by dengue virus type 3 in Al-Mukalla, Yemen.
Romaine Amiel: a French surgeon in the British Army during the Napoleonic Wars.
Yellow fever.
False-negative results of PCR assay with plasma of patients with severe viral hemorrhagic fever.
Meeting of the Strategic Advisory Group of Experts on immunization, October 2016 –
conclusions and recommendations.
YELLOW FEVER IN CENTRAL UGANDA, 1964. IV. INVESTIGATIONS ON BLOOD-SUCKING DIPTERA AND MONKEYS.
YELLOW FEVER IN CENTRAL UGANDA, 1964. II. REPORT OF A FATAL CASE.
PUTTING DISEASE ON THE MAP. THE EARLY USE OF SPOT MAPS IN THE STUDY OF YELLOW FEVER.
II. YELLOW FEVER.
FELIX PASCALIS-OUVI'ERE AND THE YELLOW FEVER EPIDEMIC OF 1797.
STUDIES ON BUSH-BABIES (GALAGO SPP.) WITH SPECIAL REFERENCE TO THE EPIDEMIOLOGY OF YELLOW FEVER.
CYTOGENETIC STUDIES ON PATIENTS WITH VIRUS INFECTIONS AND SUBJECTS VACCINATED AGAINST YELLOW FEVER.
YELLOW FEVER.
JUNGLE YELLOW FEVER AND ITS CONTROL IN GEMENA, BELGIAN CONGO.
Yellow fever, 60 years later.
[Apropos of the yellow fever epidemic in Gemena].
[Epidemiological and preventive aspects of yellow fever].
Yellow fever.
[Yellow fever or malaria; emergency diagnosis].
[Fixation of complement and inhibition of hemagglutination after vaccination against yellow fever by the Dakar strain].
Yellow fever at Tema, Ghana, 1959: a serological survey by complement fixation.
[Encephalomeningeal states following combined or separate vaccinations against smallpox and yellow fever].
Summary of recent abstract. II. Yellow fever.
The mortality of yellow fever in Antigua, West Indies, since 1857.
Further observations on 17D-yellow fever vaccination by scarification, with and without simultaneous smallpox vaccination.
[Comparative study of the immunological properties of live vaccines against yellow fever].
[Pathogenic and preventive remarks apropos of severe complications of placental detachment in a pregnant woman of 6 months after anti-yellow fever vaccination. (Type virus living on chick embryo)].
Encephalitis after yellow fever vaccination.
The yellow fever epidemic of 1874 at Pensacola, Florida. The report of Surgeon J. R. Tryon, U. S. Navy.
[The struggle against yellow fever in Brazil].
[The complement fixation reaction can be an important diagnostic factor in cases of sudden death in yellow fever].
Naturally acquired yellow fever immunity in Muzo, Colombia.
[An epidemic of yellow fever in Havana in the first third of the nineteenth century].
The yellow fever and Moses Brown.
Vaccination against yellow fever and cholera.
Yellow fever; history of the disease in the eighteenth and nineteenth century.
Further studies on the experimental transmission of yellow fever by Sabethes chloropterus.
Yellow fever.
[Geographic distribution of tropical diseases. VIII. Yellow fever].
REPORT drawn yp by a medical committee of the Board of Health, on the epidemic of yellow fever prevalent in the town of Belize in the year 1860 and 1861.
Bionomics of Sabethes chloropterus Humboldt, a vector of sylvan yellow fever in Middle America.
Experimental infection of New World monkeys with dengue and yellow fever viruses.
Yellow fever in Surinam.
The distribution of antibodies to Japanese Encephalitis, dengue, and yellow fever viruses in five rural communities in Malaya.
[Prevention of yellow fever].
[Introduction to symposium on yellow fever].
Yellow fever.
[Yellow fever in the Federation of Ethiopia & Eritrea; present-day epidemiological data].
Yellow fever in the lower Motagua Valley, Guatemala.
[Incidence of yellow fever in different zones of Colombia].
A clinico-pathological study of yellow fever in Nigeria.
Mass vaccination against yellow fever by scarification with 17D strain vaccine.
A small outbreak of yellow fever in the Gold Coast.
[Allergic reaction after yellow fever vaccination].
Yellow fever.
Forest mosquitoes associated with sylvan yellow fever in Nicaragua.
Clinical and serologic response of man to immunization with attenuated dengue and yellow fever viruses.
Yellow fever in Trinidad and the development of resistance in Aedes aegypti Linn, to D.D.T. formulations.
The susceptibility of Cercocebus albigena johnstoni (Lydekker) to yellow fever.
[Several cases of delayed nervous reactions observed in infants after yellow fever vaccination (strain 17 D)].
[Advance of sylvan yellow fever towards the northwest of Central America].
[The last stand of yellow fever].
[Present state of knowledge about the existence of and the fight against yellow fever in the Argentine Republic].
[The epidemiology of yellow fever in Africa].
[Research on yellow fever in Saint Thomas and Principe].
[Epidemiology of yellow fever].
Activities of the Trinidad Regional Virus Laboratory in 1953 and 1954 with special reference to the yellow fever outbreak in Trinidad, B.W.I.
Anticipated progress of yellow fever in Guatemala and Mexico, 1955-59.
The investigation of a sylvan yellow fever epizootic on the north coast of Honduras, 1954.
YELLOW fever conference, 21-22 December, 1954.
[Yellow fever in Africa].
[Prevention of yellow fever in French West Africa].
A survey of forest mosquitoes in relation to sylvan yellow fever in the Panama isthmian area.
Historical evidence for interference between dengue and yellow fever.
[Research on yellow fever in Angola].
[Yellow fever in Africa].
Clinical pathology of yellow fever.
Clinical aspects of 4 fatal cases of yellow fever in Trinidad in 1954.
[Organization and comparative technics of the control of yellow fever in several countries of Central America].
Yellow fever at Southern Branch.
[Relations between dengue and yellow fever in regard to immunity].
[Yellow fever and Cuban physicians].
[Yellow fever].
[Talk on yellow fever].
[Epidemiologic considerations on yellow fever in Central America].
[Benign encephalitis after vaccination against yellow fever with a vaccine attenuated in embryonal tissue].
The haemagglutination-inhibition test in the diagnosis of yellow fever in man.
[Duration of immunity after yellow fever vaccination].
A REPORT on an outbreak of yellow fever of an unusual nature at Brighton-La Brea, Trinidad.
[Yellow fever in Angola and the islands of São Tomé and Principe].
[Culicidae possible vectors of yellow fever in Ethiopia].
The yellow fever vector situation with reference to Entebbe airport.
Hepatitis, yellow fever, and dengue.
Recent advances in tropical medicine.  V.  Yellow fever.
Animals and yellow fever infection in the Anglo-Egyptian Sudan.
[Diagnosis of yellow fever].
[Yellow fever].
Project to block the progress of jungle yellow fever in northern Honduras, and its calculated risks of failure.
Yellow fever in Bolivia, its history and epidemiology.
[Epidemiology of jungle yellow fever in coastal regions of Ecuador].
[Vaccination against yellow fever].
Summary of recent abstracts.  II.  Yellow fever.
[Yellow fever in Spain; historical epidemiology].
[Yellow fever in Ecuador].
[Torres Homem and yellow fever].
Yellow fever; a problem in epidemiology.
[Yellow fever in Colombia].
[Epidemiologic studies on jungle yellow fever in the provinces of Manabi and Esmeraldas of the coastal zone of the Republic of Ecuador].
Yellow fever hits the jackpot.
Anticipated progress of sylvan yellow fever in Nicaragua: plan for attempt to block its course in Honduras.
Survey of live forest animals for protective antibodies against yellow fever in Panama, R.P.
[Vaccination against yellow fever].
[Problem of collective vaccinations as studied in connection with the yellow fever vaccination].
[Eradication of Aedes Aegypti and control of yellow fever; four year continental program].
[Nobel Prize for Medicine for the discoveries on yellow fever].
[New epidemiological developments on jungle yellow fever in northwestern Argentina].
[Nobel Prize in Medicine for discoveries in the field of yellow fever].
[Control of malaria and yellow fever in Guiana].
[The 1804 yellow fever epidemic in the laws of the Republic of Lucca].
[Notes on distribution of the genus Haemagogus in South America and its importance in the epidemiology of jungle yellow fever].
[Sylvatic yellow fever in Bolivia].
[The scientific life of Prof. Wilhelm H. Hoffmann and endemic yellow fever].
Tomás Romay and the yellow fever.
[Epidemiology of jungle yellow fever in South America].
The geographical distribution of immunity to yellow fever among the primates of Brazil.
[Is yellow fever conquered?].
A note on mosquitoes and yellow fever in Northern Rhodesia.
Recent studies on insect vectors of yellow fever and malaria in British West Africa.
[Priority of the discovery of jungle yellow fever].
[Yellow Fever National Service of Ecuador].
Yellow fever at Boa Vista.
Comparative efficacy of certain South American Aëdes and Haemagogus mosquitoes as laboratory vectors of yellow fever.
An outbreak of sylvan yellow fever in Uganda with Aëdes (Stegomyia) africanus Theobald as principal vector and insect host of the virus.
Immunity to yellow fever 6 years after vaccination.
Haemogogus capricornii Lutz as a laboratory vector of yellow fever.
The epidemiology of yellow fever.
Immunity to yellow fever five years after vaccination.
The complement fixation test in yellow fever epidemiology; the use of globulin antigen in immunity surveys.
The distribution of immunity to yellow fever in Central and East Africa.
Experiments with various Colombian marsupials and primates in laboratory cycles of yellow fever.
Tropical medicine; yellow fever.
The douroucouli (Aotus) in laboratory cycles of yellow fever.
Newer Vaccines against Mosquito-borne Diseases.
[A yellow fever liver].
What is the potential for future outbreaks of chikungunya, dengue and yellow fever in southern Africa?
YELLOW FEVER IN CENTRAL UGANDA, 1964. 3. VIRUS ISOLATION FROM MAN AND LABORATORY STUDIES.
YELLOW FEVER IN CENTRAL UGANDA, 1964. I. HISTORICAL INTRODUCTION.
THE NEW ORLEANS YELLOW FEVER EPIDEMIC OF 1796 AS SEEN BY THE BARON DE PONTALBA.
YELLOW FEVER.
YELLOW FEVER.
[SOME ASPECTS OF THE YELLOW FEVER EPIDEMIC OF 1871, THROUGH THE "BOLETIN DE LA EPIDEMIA" AND OF "LA MARCHA DE LA EPIDEMIA"].
[Subacute panencephalitis following yellow fever].
The elimination of urban yellow fever in the Americas through the eradication of Aedes aegypti.
[Experimental aspects of yellow fever].
[On yellow fever in Africa].
[Minor epidemic of yellow fever in Central Africa, in 1958 (District of Gemena, province of Equateur, Congo-Leopoldville)].
[An infectious subunit of ribonucleic acid characteristics from the brains of yellow fever-infected mice].
The histopathology of experimental yellow fever.
[Simultaneous isolation of the yellow fever and Chikungunya viruses at Bili (Haut-Uele, Belgian Congo)].
Immune substances in the brain of mice infected with yellow fever.
[History of yellow fever research in Russia (On Ia. T. Sturdza's work, "A detailed report on the Crimean popular disease")].
[Allergic reactions and 17D anti-yellow fever vaccination. Complementary results].
A new intracerebral yellow fever mouse-protection test.
Antibodies to yellow fever and other arthropod-borne viruses in human residents of San Vicente de Chucuri, Santander, Colombia.
Yellow fever and its prevention.
Yellow fever immunity in rural population groups of Surinam (with a note on other serological investigations).
The eclipse phenomenon in yellow fever infection of mice.
Measures against yellow fever entry into the United States.
The serological reactions in yellow fever.
Yellow fever vaccination by scarification with 17D vaccine.
Modern practice in immunization. 16. Yellow fever immunization.
[Yellow fever in the American continent].
The present state of knowledge concerning yellow fever in Africa.
[Pathological anatomy of yellow fever in humans & animals].
[Epidemiology of yellow fever in Central America].
[Yellow fever; and aid for general practitioner].
[Some problems of yellow fever epidemiology].
[Methods used in the study of jungle yellow fever].
Yellow fever measures in the United States.
[Immunological survey of yellow fever in jungle primates in Central America (1952-1957)].
Survey of primates captured in Panamá, R. P. during the years 1952-1956 for protective antibodies against yellow fever.
[Report on the antimalarial & anti-yellow fever campaign in French Guiana: new campaign with use of DDT].
Yellow fever vaccination by scarification with the 17D strain:  an appreciation of the present position.
[History of investigation of yellow fever].
[Yellow fever in Mexico & its origin in America; epidemiological & historical study].
[Carlos Juan Finlay, yellow fever & the writing of history].
John Mitchell, Benjamin Rush, and yellow fever.
EXPERT committee on yellow fever vacine; first report.
[Yellow fever vaccination (17-D) and allergy].
[Movement of yellow fever in jungles toward the northwest regions of Central America].
Mosquitoes associated with sylvan yellow fever near Almirante, Panama.
Experimental transmission of yellow fever by Central American species of Haemagogus and Sabethes chloropterus.
Yellow fever in Central America:  the imminent threat to Mexico and the United States.
Results of recent studies of yellow fever in Middle America.
Further studies on the yellow fever haemagglutination test.
[Yellow fever].
The epidemiology of yellow fever in Middle America.
[Effect of revaccination against yellow fever on humoral immunity].
Yellow fever vaccination programme Trinidad, B.W.I., 1954-1955.
[Yellow fever in Africa during the recent years].
Forest canopy mosquitoes associated with the apperance of sylvan yellow fever in Costa Rica, 1951.
[Epidemiology of yellow fever].
[Is the Trinidad yellow fever epidemic an immediate threat to our colonies in America?].
The laboratory transmission of yellow fever by Aëdes (Stegomyia) aegypti (Linnaeus) from Malaya.
Summary of recent abstracts. II. Yellow fever.
Seeking the intermediate host: a narrative of the Yellow Fever Board.
Early days of yellow fever research; a personal reminiscence.
[Association of the fight against malaria and that against yellow fever; some examples from Guadeloupe].
[Present status of the research on yellow fever in Mozambique].
The yellow fever situation in the Bechuanaland Protectorate.
[Yellow fever in French West Africa; an aspect of mass-preventive medicine].
[Yellow fever in Africa during recent years].
[Vaccine against yellow fever prepared by the Institute Pasteur de Dakar].
The laboratory transmission on yellow fever by the mosquito Aëdes (Stegomyia) strelitziae Muspratt.
[Encephalitis in children in Costa Rica and Honduras after Dakar yellow fever vaccination].
Naturally acquired yellow fever in wild monkeys of Costa Rica.
[Public health service in yellow fever; epidemic outbreak in Alta Sorocabana, December 1952 to January 1953].
[Inclusion bodies in hepatic cells of patients who died of yellow fever].
[Epidemiological study on yellow fever in French Guiana].
[Progress in the fight against yellow fever in Ecuador].
[Amarillic hepatitis and diagnosis of the yellow fever].
[Vaccination against yellow fever].
Vaccination by scarification with a combined 17D yellow fever and vaccinia vaccine.
[Amarillac hepatitis and diagnosis of yellow fever].
Immunity to yellow fever nine years after vaccination with 17D vaccine.
[Inoculation of men with yellow fever in Veracruz in the beginning of the 20th century].
Summary of recent abstracts. II. Yellow fever.
Walter Reed; "He gave to man control of that dreadful scourge-yellow fever".
[Renal histopathology in yellow fever].
[Yellow fever vaccination].
[Dr. Max Theiler, Nobel prize winner in medicine, 1951, for his contributions on yellow fever].
Yellow fever.
[Rapid anatomy-pathologic diagnosis of yellow fever].
[Present conception of the epidemiology and prophylaxis of yellow fever].
[Preliminary note on the existence of yellow fever transmitted by foreign Culicidae in Argentina].
INCIDENCE of disease. Foreign reports; reports of cholera, smallpox, yellow fever.
Summary of recent abstracts. II. Yellow fever.
[Result of investigations on the existence of yellow fever transmitted by non-domestic culicides in Argentina].
Ecological observations on forest mosquitoes of an endemic yellow fever area in Panama.
The application of immunological tests of sera from captured wild animals to the study of yellow fever epidemiology.
Observations on diurnal forest mosquitoes in relation to sylvan yellow fever in Panama.
[Scientific contributions of Wilhelm H. Hoffmann and yellow fever].
Pathologic features of yellow fever in Panama.
[Data on the history of jungle yellow fever in America].
Wartime advances in yellow fever and the rickettsial infections.
Further studies on the distribution of immunity to yellow fever in east and south-east Africa.
The susceptibility of African wild animals to yellow fever.
Demonstration of viral inclusion bodies in unstained tissue sections with the aid of the phase microscope; the inclusion bodies of yellow fever, herpes simplex, fowl pox, and distemper.
John Williams and the early history of yellow fever.
[Quarantine of yellow fever].
Implication of the mosquito Aedes (Stegomyia) africanus Theobald in the forest cycle of yellow fever in Uganda.
The epidemiology of yellow fever.
The complement fixation test in yellow fever epidemiology the development and loss of complement-fixing antibodies in marmosets, Callithrix penicillata, C. jacchus and Leontocebus chrysomelas.
The yellow fever reservoir of the Orinoco-Amazon basin.
Victory over yellow fever without congressional approval.
Jungle yellow fever in Surinam.
Monkeys in relation to yellow fever in Bwamba County, Uganda.
General observations on mosquitos in relation to yellow fever in the Anglo-Egyptian Sudan.
Yellow fever.
Yellow fever in New York City.
Coexistence of the antibodies of yellow fever and Weil's disease in human serum.
Epidemiology and incubation period of jaundice following yellow fever vaccination.
The story of yellow fever.
Coexistence of the antibodies of yellow fever and Weil's disease in human serum.
Immunoperoxidase detection of Yellow Fever virus after natural and experimental infections.
[Effect of vaccinal strain 17D of the yellow fever virus on the nature of proprioceptive information processing in the course of training BALB/c strain mice].
[Sulphated glycosaminoglycans as virus inhibitors. 2nd communication: Inhibitory effect of glycosaminoglycanpolysulphates on yellow fever virus 17 D in animal experiments (author's transl)].
Simultaneous administration of smallpox, measles, yellow fever, and diphtheria-pertussis-tetanus antigens to Nigerian children.
Vector competence of Aedes albopictus from Houston, Texas, for dengue serotypes 1 to 4, yellow fever and Ross River viruses.
[Effect of yellow fever virus, vaccine strain 17D, on the functional state of the central nervous system in mice].
[Analysis of virus populations obtained by the plaque method with the French strain of viscerotropic yellow fever virus].
Dengue-2 vaccine: virological, immunological, and clinical responses of six yellow fever-immune recipients.
VACCINATION AGAINST YELLOW FEVER WITH IMMUNE SERUM AND VIRUS FIXED FOR MICE.
Vaccines for travelers.
The history of U.S. Military contributions to the understanding, prevention, and treatment of infectious diseases.
Sex-based differences in immune function and responses to vaccination.
Structural, genomic, and phylogenetic analysis of Lian, a novel family of non-LTR retrotransposons in the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
Nucleic acid-based inhibition of flavivirus infections.
A Civil War epidemic. Yellow fever in Wilmington, North Carolina, 1862.
Overlapping and distinct molecular determinants dictating the antiviral activities of TRIM56 against flaviviruses and coronavirus.
Pioneers in Virology.
Severe post-vaccination reaction to 17D yellow fever vaccine in Nigeria.
[Study of an animal reservoir in the cycle of some arboviruses in Central Africa. II. Experimental viremia in wild rodents with yellow fever and West Nile viruses].
Alkhurma Hemorrhagic Fever Virus RNA in Hyalomma rufipes Ticks Infesting Migratory Birds, Europe and Asia Minor.
Yellow fever in 1992 and 1993.
[The medical literature of the Egyptian campaign].
The original haemorrhagic fever: yellow fever.
Effectiveness of a multiple intervention strategy for the control of the tiger mosquito (Aedes albopictus) in Spain.
Genetic variation among strains of wild-type yellow fever virus from Senegal.
Oxidation of 3-hydroxykynurenine to produce xanthommatin for eye pigmentation: a major branch pathway of tryptophan catabolism during pupal development in the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
The other Dr Hooker: William Dawson Hooker (1816-40).
Isolation and Genetic Characterization of Mangshi Virus: A Newly Discovered Seadornavirus of the Reoviridae Family Found in Yunnan Province, China.
Carlos Finlay, Walter Reed, and the politics of imperialism in early tropical medicine.
[An unusual histological aspect in a case of yellow fever that occurred in an indigenous group of Yanomami].
Yellow fever. Epidemic in Cameroon, 1990.
Yellow fever in west Africa: a retrospective glance.
Imported yellow fever in vaccinated tourist.
[The etiology of yellow fever, 1898].
Recovery of virus from the liver of children with fatal dengue: reflections on the pathogenesis of the disease and its possible analogy with that of yellow fever.
Yellow fever in South Wales, 1865.
Recent yellow fever epidemics in Ghana (1969-1983).
[The 1983 yellow fever epidemic in Burkina Faso].
Epidemic yellow fever in Upper Volta.
[Direct immunofluorescence demonstration of yellow fever antigens in hepatic tissue pre-treated with trypsin].
Deaths associated with yellow fever experiments.
Histopathology of the human liver in yellow fever with special emphasis on the diagnostic role of the Councilman body.
[100th anniversary of the discovery of the yellow fever vector by the Cuban scientist Carlos J. Finlay].
[Yellow fever in Brazil--present status and perspectives].
Summary of a symposium on yellow fever.
Yellow fever--cause for concern?
Pathophysiologic correlations in a rhesus monkey model of yellow fever with special observations on the acute necrosis of B cell areas of lymphoid tissues.
[Interesting and anecdotal facts about the Cuban scholar Carlos J. Finlay, discoverer of the transmitting agent of yellow fever].
Quantitative determination of the disintegration of nerve cells in the cortex caused by viral encephalitis (17 D-yellow fever) (Preliminary communication).
Yellow fever in Tennessee in 1878. Part I.
Indirect immunofluorescence and electronmicroscopy for the diagnosis of yellow fever virus infection.
[Yellow fever and its evaluation in Ecuador].
The St. Marys yellow fever epidemic of 1808: Georgia's first confrontation.
Brazil's lon g fight against epidemic disease, 1849-1917, with special emphasis on yellow fever.
Yellow fever and Josiah Clark Nott.
Letter: Liver pathology in yellow fever.
The 1970 yellow fever epidemic in Okwoga District, Benue Plateau State, Nigeria. I. Epidemiological observations.
Human and animal ecological concepts behind the distribution, behaviour and control of yellow fever.
Yellow fever immunization.
[Yellow fever problems in Africa].
Yellow fever in East Africa today.
The reaction of a species of colobus monkey to inoculation with yellow fever virus.
[Aedes aegypti and yellow fever].
[Apropos of a recent epidemic of yellow fever in Senegal].
[Isolation of the yellow fever virus in Argentina: etiology of the epidemic in Corrientes and Misiones, 1966].
[Is yellow fever a menace in Central Africa?].
Yellow fever in Ohio.
[Yellow fever: virological and serological study].
The 1964 status of Aedes aegypti eradication and yellow fever in the Americas.
[Anti-yellow fever vaccination].
Deathstorm. The yellow fever epidemic of 1855.
Fatal yellow fever contracted at the Hospital for Tropical Diseases, London, UK, in 1930.
[Yellow fever, a disease always present in Africa].
A last martyr of the conquest of yellow fever.
The yellow fever epidemic in Ethiopia, 1961-1962: retrospective serological evidence for concomitant Ebola or Ebola-like virus infection.
Yellow fever in Kenya.
[The mosquito hypothetically considered as an agent of yellow fever transmission. 1881].
[Vaccination against yellow fever].
The role of monkeys in the biology of dengue and yellow fever.
Letter from Brasilia. Yellow fever.
Effect of human gamma interferon on yellow fever virus infection.
[Yellow fever: desensitization to an anti-amaril 17 D vaccine performed on a patient with anaphylaxis to eggs].
The monkey safety test for neurovirulence of yellow fever vaccines: the utility of quantitative clinical evaluation and histological examination.
[Current aspects of the epidemiological surveillance of yellow fever].
[Prevalence of yellow fever antibodies in north Zaire].
[Rural epidemic of yellow fever with interhuman transmission in the Ivory Coast in 1982].
Yellow fever research.
The unsung hero of yellow fever?
Epidemiological method in the 1860s: yellow fever at Saint-Nazaire.
Josiah Clark Nott, insects, and yellow fever.
Landmark article. Feb 16, 1901: The etiology of yellow fever. An additional note. By Walter Reed, Jas. Carroll and Aristides Agramonte.
[Aedea aegypti, dengue and yellow fever].
Yellow fever surveillance--Africa.
Johns Hopkins and yellow fever: a story of tragedy and triumph.
[Lesions in the central nervous system of the mouse caused by yellow fever 17 D. An animal model of the histological evaluation of viral encephalitis (author's transl)].
[Centenary of the discovery of the agent transmitting yellow fever].
[2 fatal cases of yellow fever seen in France and contracted in Senegal (epidemiological and clinical aspects)].
Yellow fever: from colonial Philadelphia and Baltimore to the mid-twentieth century.
Historical evidence of resistance to yellow fever acquired by residence in India.
DNA synthesis in subpopulations of blood mononuclear leucocytes in human subjects after vaccination against yellow fever.
The New Orleans yellow fever epidemic in 1878: a note on the affective history of societies and communities.
[A small case for the epidemiologic surveillance of smallpox, cholera and yellow fever. Note of presentation].
[Effect of neonatal thymectomy on encephalic lesions of newborn mice infected with yellow fever virus].
Editorial: Yellow fever.
Editorial: Yellow fever.
Arbovirus studies in Nupeko forest, a possible natural focus of yellow fever virus in Nigeria. II. Entomological investigations and viruses isolated.
Yellow fever.
[Recent data on the yellow fever epidemiologic situation in tropical Africa].
[Yellow fever vaccine production and control. II. Freeze-drying of yellow fever vaccine. A. The development of a chamber apparatus].
[Proteinuria, proteinaemia, and serum transaminase activity in 23 confirmed cases of yellow fever].
Immunologic studies with yellow fever and selected African group B arboviruses in rhesus and vervet monkeys.
Yellow fever vaccination of primates.
[Yellow fever and eradication of Aedes aegypti].
The story of yellow fever since Walter Reed.
[An epidemic of yellow fever in Senegal in 1965. Epidemiological studies].
[Studies on yellow fever in Ethiopia. 5. Isolation of virus strains from arthropod vectors].
Yellow fever vaccination.
Fatal viral encephalitis following 17D yellow fever vaccine inoculation. Report of a case in a 3-year-old child.
[Complex immunization of guinea pigs with live vaccines against plague, smallpox, yellow fever and with corpuscular vaccine against cholera in various combinations].
[On the influence of yellow fever revaccinations on viremia; epidemiologic interest].
[Yellow fever: general study of the epidemic in Senegal in 1965].
The yellow fever of Ireland.
Resistance of Galagoides demidovii thomasi (Elliot, 1907) to infection with yellow fever virus.
Genome sequence of Aedes aegypti, a major arbovirus vector.
Studies on mosquitoes breeding in rock pools on inselbergs around Zaria, northern Nigeria.
Evidence that the N-terminal domain of nonstructural protein NS3 from yellow fever virus is a serine protease responsible for site-specific cleavages in the viral polyprotein.
Partial nucleotide sequence of the Murray Valley encephalitis virus genome. Comparison of the encoded polypeptides with yellow fever virus structural and non-structural proteins.
ETIOLOGY OF YELLOW FEVER : X. COMPARATIVE IMMUNOLOGICAL STUDIES ON LEPTOSPIRA ICTEROIDES AND LEPTOSPIRA ICTEROHAEMOORRHAGIAE.
ETIOLOGY OF YELLOW FEVER : VII. DEMONSTRATION OF LEPTOSPIRA ICTEROIDES IN THE BLOOD, TISSUES, AND URINE OF YELLOW FEVER PATIENTS AND OF ANIMALS EXPERIMENTALLY INFECTED WITH THE ORGANISM.
Detection of dengue virus serotypes 1, 2 and 3 in selected regions of Kenya: 2011-2014.
[New altitudinal registration of Aedes aegypti in the region of Piura, Peru].
Yellow-fever before smallpox vaccination.
Sensitization to duck-embryo rabies vaccine produced by prior yellow-fever vaccination.
[Conflicts and vector-borne diseases].
17D yellow fever vaccine virus envelope protein expressed by recombinant baculovirus is antigenically indistinguishable from authentic viral protein.
Comparison of the virulent Asibi strain of yellow fever virus with the 17D vaccine strain derived from it.
Yellow fever vaccine. V. Antibody response in maonkeys inoculated with graded doses of the 17D vaccine.
Identity and transfer of male reproductive gland proteins of the dengue vector mosquito, Aedes aegypti: potential tools for control of female feeding and reproduction.
Analysis of human skin emanations by gas chromatography/mass spectrometry. 1. Thermal desorption of attractants for the yellow fever mosquito (Aedes aegypti) from handled glass beads.
Yellow-fever vaccinating centres for international travel. Amendments to 1991 publication.
The studies of yellow-fever by Noah Webster and John Conrad Otto at Red Bank, New Jersey.
Observations on the New Orleans yellow-fever epidemic, 1878.
Use of the yellow fever virus vaccine strain 17D for the study of strategies for the treatment of yellow fever virus infections.
Identification of new protein interactions between dengue fever virus and its hosts, human and mosquito.
Public health round-up.
The changing landscape of travel health services in Canada.
[Ebola virus and yellow fever: lessons to learn from the epidemics].
[Travel advice and vaccinations in patients with chronic inflammatory diseases: the earlier, the better].
Epidemiological notes on some viruses isolated in Uganda; Yellow fever, Rift Valley fever, Bwamba fever, West Nile, Mengo, Semliki forest, Bunyamwera, Ntaya, Uganda S and Zika viruses.
THE SUSCEPTIBILITY OF MARMOSETS TO YELLOW FEVER VIRUS.
Circularization of flavivirus genomic RNA inhibits de novo translation initiation.
Detection of relapsing fever Borrelia spp., Bartonella spp. and Anaplasmataceae bacteria in argasid ticks in Algeria.
Chikungunya fever diagnosed among international travelers--United States, 2005-2006.
Review of dengue virus and the development of a vaccine.
Pre-travel advice concerning vector-borne diseases received by travelers prior to visiting Cuzco, Peru.
Localization of the mosquito insulin receptor homolog (MIR) in reproducing yellow fever mosquitoes (Aedes aegypti).
Yellow fever.
[Representing and intervening in public health: viruses, mosquitoes and Rockefeller Foundation experts in Brazil].
Public health round-up.
[A comment about "Epidemics and diseases during the Revolution Period in Mexico"].
Poor antibody response to yellow fever vaccination in children infected with human immunodeficiency virus type 1.
Genetic analysis of the yellow fever virus NS1 protein: identification of a temperature-sensitive mutation which blocks RNA accumulation.
Yellow fever vaccine and egg allergy.
[Yellow fever epidemic].
Potential Chikungunya Epidemics In Pakistan: Act Before It's Too Late.
Expression, purification and virucidal activity of two recombinant isoforms of phospholipase A<sub>2</sub> from Crotalus durissus terrificus venom.
[Emilio RIBAS and his participation in the prevention of yellow fever and typhoid fever].
Virucidal activity of beta-propiolactone vapor. II. Effect on the etiological agents of smallpox, yellow fever, psittacosis, and Q fever.
INCIDENCE of disease. Foreign reports; reports of cholera, plague, smallpox, typhus fever and yellow fever received during the current week.
Why actions for early treatment of febrile illnesses in children are delayed by caregivers.
Molecular mapping of insecticide resistance genes in the yellow fever mosquito (Aedes aegypti).
THE TRANSMISSION OF YELLOW FEVER : EXPERIMENTS WITH THE "WOOLLY MONKEY" (LAGOTHRIX LAGO-TRICHA HUMBOLDT), THE "SPIDER MONKEY" (ATELEUS ATER F. CUVIER), AND THE "SQUIRREL MONKEY" (SAIMIRI SCIREUS LINNAEUS).
INCIDENCE of disease. Foreign reports; reports of cholera, plague, smallpox, typhus fever, and yellow fever received during the current week.
INCIDENCE of disease; foreign reports, reports of cholera, plague, smallpox, typhus fever, and yellow fever received during the current week.
Thermostability and efficacy in the field of a new, stabilized yellow fever virus vaccine.
Prevalence of larvae of potential yellow fever vectors in domestic water containers in south-east Nigeria.
Yellow fever and the big ditch.
Site-directed mutagenesis of an acetylcholinesterase gene from the yellow fever mosquito Aedes aegypti confers insecticide insensitivity.
[Comparative study of larval and ovitrap efficacy for surveillance of dengue and yellow fever vectors].
Aedes albopictus mosquitoes introduced into Brazil: vector competence for yellow fever and dengue viruses.
Increased yellow fever virus infection and dissemination rates in Aedes aegypti mosquitoes orally exposed to freshly grown virus.
[Reinfestation of Brasil by Aedes aegypti. Considerations on the threat of urbanization of jungle yellow fever virus in the reinfested region].
Neglected diseases, civil conflicts, and the right to health.
Next-generation Sequencing Study of Pathogens in Serum from Patients with Febrile Jaundice in Sierra Leone.
Genome-Wide Screening Uncovers the Significance of N-Sulfation of Heparan Sulfate as a Host Cell Factor for Chikungunya Virus Infection.
Molecular evidence and diversity of the spotted-fever group Rickettsia spp. in small mammals from natural, suburban and urban areas of Eastern Slovakia.
Yellow fever. Investigation of an epidemic in Imo State.
[Finding of Haemagogus (Conopostegus) leucocelaenus (Diptera: Culicidae), in the municipality of Porto Alegre, State of Rio Grande do Sul].
Precise tracking of vaccine-responding T cell clones reveals convergent and personalized response in identical twins.
Genetic variation in yellow fever virus: duplication in the 3' noncoding region of strains from Africa.
Prevalence of severe fever with thrombocytopenia syndrome virus in animals in Henan Province, China.
Pathology associated with West Nile virus infections in the yellow-billed magpie (Pica nuttalli): a California endemic bird.
Health conditions for travellers to Saudi Arabia for the pilgrimage to Mecca (Hajj), 2014.
[Sanitary control of the territory: data bases on the spread of some quarantine infections].
A quarantine quandary; ship fever and yellow fever in Providence, Rhode Island, 1797.
INDICENCE of disease; foreign reports; reports of cholera, plague, smallpox, typhus fever, and yellow fever received during the current week.
REPORTS of cholera, plague, smallpox, typhus fever, and yellow fever received during the current week.
Molecular detection of dengue virus in patients suspected of Ebola virus disease in Ghana.
Health research and safeguards: The South African journey.
INCIDENCE of disease; foreign reports; reports of cholera, plague, smallpox, typhus fever, and yellow fever received during the current week.
INCIDENCE of disease; foreign reports; reports of cholera, plague, smallpox, typhus fever, and yellow fever received during the current week.
INCIDENCE of disease. Foreign reports; reports of cholera, plague, smallpox, typhus fever, and yellow fever received during the current week.
INCIDENCE of disease. Foreign reports; reports of cholera, plague, smallpox, typhus fever, and yellow fever received during the current week.
REPORTS of cholera, plague, smallpox, typhus fever, and yellow fever received during the current week.
Biology of two larval morphological phenotypes of Aedes aegypti in Abidjan, Côte d'Ivoire.
Lymph node fibrosis: a structural barrier to unleashing effective vaccine immunity.
Structure-activity relationships of 33 piperidines as toxicants against female adults of Aedes aegypti (Diptera: Culicidae).
The white gene from the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
Health requirements for pilgrims attending the Hajj in Mecca, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, 24-29 October 2012.
Surveillance for yellow fever virus in eastern Senegal during 1993.
<i>Flavivirus</i> serocomplex cross-reactive immunity is protective by activating heterologous memory CD4 T cells.
Lymphoid tissue fibrosis is associated with impaired vaccine responses.
Human antibody response to immunization with 17D yellow fever and inactivated TBE vaccine.
Inhibitory effect of the green tea molecule EGCG against dengue virus infection.
Three novel families of miniature inverted-repeat transposable elements are associated with genes of the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
<i>Wolbachia w</i>Stri Blocks Zika Virus Growth at Two Independent Stages of Viral Replication.
Historical Perspective of Arboviruses in Mozambique and Its Implication for Current and Future Epidemics.
A temporal profile of the endocrine control of trypsin synthesis in the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
[Ketoacidotic coma 4 days after yellow fever vaccination].
[Yellow fever in Mexico. The eradication of Aëdes aegypti. 1966].
Yellow fever virus surveillance in Western Africa.
Conquerors of yellow fever.
Yellow fever in 1989 and 1990.
Every prospect of a healthy summer: the 1839 outbreak of yellow fever in Charleston, South Carolina.
[Homeopathic immunization against yellow fever in Havana, 1855].
Will the present health check-up system invite yellow fever in India?
Yellow fever in Europe in the early 19th century - Cadiz 1819.
[Yellow fever in Andalucia (1800): repercussions in Catalonia].
Mass communication and public health: the 1905 campaign against yellow fever in New Orleans.
Yellow fever at Mt. Pleasant, Charleston Harbor, S. C. in 1857, with a review of its consequences.
The impact of yellow fever on Memphis: a reappraisal.
Type B hepatitis and yellow fever infections in West Africa.
Jesse William Lazear: the successful experimental transmission of yellow fever by the mosquito.
Medicine in Texas: the struggle with yellow fever, 1839-1903.
Yellow fever: the Shreveport epidemic of 1873.
Yellow fever in Asia.
Louis Daniel Beauperthuy: pioneer in yellow fever and leprosy research.
Yellow fever: the Shreveport epidemic of 1873.
Yellow fever and the Indiana connection. An historical note about Dr. Walter Reed (1851-1902).
Yellow fever and black policemen in Memphis: a post-reconstruction anomaly.
[Present viability of the eradication of Aedes aegypti in the control of yellow fever in Brazil].
[Epidemiology of yellow fever in Central Africa].
Landmark perspective: Walter Reed and yellow fever.
Yellow fever in the Americans, 1981 and 1982.
Clara Louise Maass: a nurse volunteer for yellow fever inoculations--1901.
[Entomologic and epidemiologic survey on a fatal case of yellow fever occurred in Anyama district (Republic of Ivory Coast)].
Yaws and yellow fever project--Ghana.
Mass communication and public health: the 1905 campaign against yellow fever in New Orleans.
Yellow fever--cause for concern?
Was it yellow fever?
[Yellow fever].
[Clara Louise Maass (1876-1901) and yellow fever].
Notified cases of yellow fever.
A century and a half of the history of the life sciences in Alabama: yellow fever causes panic in mobile.
Black yellow fever immunities, innate and acquired, as revealed in the American South.
American doctors lead victory over yellow fever.
ABO blood groups related to selection of human hosts by Yellow Fever vector.
Yellow fever unwelcome visitor now in residence.
[Yellow fever in the Danish West Indies].
Disease and urban image: yellow fever in Norfolk 1855.
[A new document concerning yellow fever].
[Vaccination against yellow fever in general practice?].
[Effect of anticholera vaccination on associated anti-yellow fever immunization].
The control of Aedes aegypti during the yellow fever epidemic in Luanda, Angola, in 1971.
[Selvatic yellow fever in Peru. I. Serologic survey in 208 settlers of the Department of San Martin].
[Brain involvement in viral diseases. II. Experimental encephalitis of mice after infection with yellow fever virus strain 17 D and other brain lesions--a comparative analysis].
Politics, parties, and pestilence: epidemic yellow fever in Philadelphia and the rise of the first party system.
Yellow fever epidemics of the late eighteenth century in Baltimore.
[Comparison of 2 yellow fever vaccines administered by pressure injector without needle].
Yellow fever vaccine. IV. Reactogenicity and antibody response in volunteers inoculated with a vaccine free from contaminating avian leukosis viruses.
Two martyrs of the yellow fever epidemic of 1878.
Divine providence or miasma? The yellow fever epidemic of 1822.
[Survey of potential vectors of yellow fever in Tanzania].
India and the yellow fever problem.
Yellow fever vs the American team.
Mississippi and the yellow fever epidemics of 1878-1879.
[Development of the risk of yellow fever in the 5 states of the o.C.E.A.C. and posibilitiesof control in cases of epidemics].
The mosquitoes of the Dar-es-Salaam area, Tanzania, with special reference to Aedes (Stegomyia) species and the epidemiology of yellow fever.
[Yellow fever and Max Theiler].
Prizes for yellow fever research in the 1880's.
[Nobel prize for Max Theiler in 1951 for discoveries related to yellow fever and its treatment].
Tuberculin sensitivity (tine) in apparently healthy subjects after yellow fever vaccination.
Yellow fever in eighteenth century America.
[Cytogenetic studies in vivo and in vitro after viral infections and after anti-yellow fever vaccination].
Yellow fever in Africa.
Heterotypic serologic responses after yellow fever vaccination; detection of persons with past St. Louis encephalitis or dengue.
[Yellow fever in Brazil].
An observation on the yellow fever epidemic, Memphis and Shelby County Tennessee in 1878.
Aedes aegypti and yellow fever.
Carlos J. Finlay (1833-1915) student of yellow fever.
[Results of anti-yellow fever vaccination campaigns in the Central Africa Republic].
[Studies on anti-yellow fever immunity of several inhabitants of a neighborhood of Dakar].
[Histopathology of the yellow fever livers obtained post-mortem and by hepatic puncture-biopsy during the epidemic in Diourbel (Senegal), November-December 1965].
Adrian Stokes and yellow fever research: a tribute.
[Postvaccinal encephalitis (yellow fever vaccination); neuro-radiological study].
[Mociño and yellow fever].
The fine structure of the sense organs on the antennal flagellum of the yellow fever mosquito Aedes aegypti (Linnaeus).
[New difficulties in the campaign against malaria and yellow fever by residual mural spraying of insecticides].
Interference assessment of yellow fever vaccine with the immune response to a single-dose inactivated hepatitis A vaccine (1440 EL.U.). A controlled study in adults.
[Viral hemorrhagic fevers in Brazil].
Health conditions for travellers to Saudi Arabia for the pilgrimage to Mecca (Hajj).
[The workers health and the Tropical Oil Company. Barrancabermeja, 1916-1940].
Absolute quantification of dengue virus serotype 4 chimera vaccine candidate in Vero cell culture by targeted mass spectrometry.
Mosquito-borne viral infections and the traveller.
[A brief history and anthology on yellow fever. Our century. 1964].
In the days of the epidemic: the 1793 yellow fever outbreak in Philadelphia as seen by physicians.
Yellow fever in 1991.
Yellow fever, folio, and the new public health.
Outbreak of yellow fever in Kenya: how doctors got the news.
Yellow fever in Rio de Janeiro and the Pasteur Institute Mission (1901-1905): the transfer of science to the periphery.
Yellow fever and Maryland physicians.
Yellow fever--the story of its conquest.
The discovery of yellow fever in Central Africa.
Aedes albopictus, yellow fever, and the Americas.
Yellow fever and the traveller.
"A sneaky, cowardly enemy": Tampa's yellow fever epidemic of 1887-88.
[The isolated nurse in the presence of a suspected case of yellow fever. Severe hepato-nephritic form in an African rural area].
The yellow fever story.
[Activity of Anti-Yellow Fever Vaccination Centers].
Preliminary report of yellow fever during the 18th century.
Dr. Tomas Romay's unpublished manuscript on yellow fever, June 27, 1804.
Crisis in the capital: the cultural significance of Philadelphia's great yellow fever epidemic.
Philadelphia and the yellow fever epidemic of 1798.
A history of the 1873 yellow fever epidemic in Shreveport, Louisiana.
[Evaluation of the coverage of the vaccine against yellow fever in Boa Vista, Federal Territory of Roraima].
[Yellow fever antibodies in gamma globulin preparations after vaccination. Determination using simple neutralization tests on cultured cells].
Transovarial transmission of yellow fever virus by a sylvatic vector, Haemagogus equinus.
Yellow fever in Tennessee in 1878: Part III.
Yellow fever in Tennessee in 1878. Part II.
Yellow fever and Charles Brockden Brown: the contest of the emerging novelist.
Death and class in Baltimore: the yellow fever epidemic of 1800.
Aedes (Diceromyia) furcifer/taylori and a yellow fever outbreak in The Gambia.
The interplay between socio-economic factors and medical science: yellow fever research, Cuba and the United States.
Medical practice in Philadelphia at the time of the yellow fever epidemic, 1793.
[A year of utilization of a kit for the surveillance of cholera, yellow fever and smallpox in Upper Volta].
[Yellow fever].
[Hepatitis B antigen (Australia antigen) in serum of yellow fever patients].
On an outbreak of sylvan yellow fever verified in the State of Goiás (Brazil) in the period from 1972--1973.
[Yellow fever].
[Serological evaluation of haemagglutination-inhibiting antibodies after vaccination of labortory workers with yellow fever and tick-borne encephalitis vaccines].
Man against insect. 3. Walter Reed v yellow fever.
Yellow fever epidemic in Philadelphia, 1793. Physicians in dispute.
Yellow Fever in city of New York. Notes on epidemic of 1798.
Serological responses of patas monkeys (Erythrocebus patas) to vaccination against cholera and yellow fever.
Simulataneous vaccination against cholera and yellow fever.
Auto-antibodies in acute viral hepatitis, yellow fever, and hepatocellular carcinoma: clinical and experimental findings.
Ferreyra da Rosa on yellow fever in Pernambuco.
Yellow fever fighters--Dr. Joseph Y. Porter, Dr. Isaac Hulse.
The Baltimore theater and the yellow fever epidemic.
[Current entomological and ecological data on yellow fever vectors in western Africa].
[Prevention of communicable diseases in Mexico. IV. Yellow fever].
[A study of the heat stability of 8 samples of yellow fever vaccine coming from various countries].
[Aedes aegypti and potential vectors of yellow fever in the Democratic Republic of Somalia and in the French Territory of Afars and Issas].
Nicolas Chervin's yellow fever survey, 1820-1822.
Yellow fever, cholera, and the beginnings of medical cartography.
Yellow fever neutralization tests carried out on blood samples collected on filter paper strips.
[Recent data from serological surveys on the prevalence of arbovirus infections in Africa, with special reference to yellow fever].
Yellow fever vaccine. Recommendation of the U. S. Public Health Service Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices.
Yellow fever in the continental United States during the nineteenth century.
Yellowjack. The yellow fever epidemic of 1878 in Memphis, Tennessee.
[Vaccination against yellow fever].
Yellow fever.
Report of a serological survey of Cape Verdeans living on the island of São Nicolau and in New England, U.S.A. Treponematosis, yellow fever and tetanus antibodies.
[Studies on yellow fever in Ethiopia. 4. Entomological studies in the locality of Manera].
[Studies on yellow fever in Ethiopia. 2. Serological study of the human population].
Effects of anti-thymocyte serum on 17-D yellow fever infection in adult mice.
[Vaccination against yellow fever].
John Moultrie Jr., M.D. Lieutenant Governor of east Florida. His thesis on yellow fever.
Effects of malnutrition on smallpox and yellow fever vaccination.
[Encephalitis following anti-yellow fever vaccination (from 248 cases observed at Dakar in 1965)].
The yellow fever panic of 1897 in Louisiana.
[Hommage to Jean Laigret (1893-1966). Small history of the discovery of the vaccination against yellow fever].
[Yellow fever in Mexico. Eradication of Aedes aegypti].
Failure of antibody production to yellow fever vaccine in children with kwashiorkor.
Effect of previous dengue infection and yellow fever vaccination on St. Louis encephalitis virus serological surveys in Tampa Bay area of Florida.
Benjamin Rush and the yellow fever.
[17 years of yellow fever prevention on the Continent].
Yellow fever.
[The epidemic of yellow fever in 1965 in Senegal].
[A focus of yellow fever in a rural environment].
[Yellow fever antibodies in children in the Central African Republic].
[Meningo-encephalitis after yellow fever vaccination. Forms observed in adults (apropos of 7 cases].
[Neuro-psychic syndromes during postvaccinal encephalitis (yellow fever vaccination)].
[Eradication of Aedes aegypti and immunology of yellow fever: present aspects].
[Observations on the 17 D virus vaccine against yellow fever, applied by cutaneous scarification].
[Anti-yellow fever vaccination].
YELLOW FEVER IN ETHIOPIA.
St. Louis encephalitis in Panama. II. Survey of human blood for antibodies against St. Louis and two related group B viruses, Ilheus and yellow fever.
[Carlos J. FINLAY, discoverer of the transmitting agent of yellow fever].
Carlos J. FINLAY and yellow fever.
Observations on the amount of virus present in the haemolymph of Aedes aegypti infected with Uganda S, yellow fever and Semliki Forest viruses.
Yellow fever and other arthropod-borne viruses; a consideration of two serological surveys made in South Western Nigeria.
Serologic survey of viral and rickettsial diseases among jungle inhabitants of the upper Amazon Basin; presence during infancy, childhood and adolescence of antibodies to rickettsiae, to viruses of poliomyelitis, mumps, herpes, PLV group, yellow fever and to the group B arthropod-borne viruses.
PUBLIC Health Reports; from yellow fever to international health.
[Taxonomic study on the principal vectors of jungle yellow fever in South America. I. Terminalia of male Haemagogus mosquitoes].
YELLOW fever quarantine requirements in Tanganyika Territory.
Climatic Conditions: Conventional and Nanotechnology-Based Methods for the Control of <i>Mosquito</i> Vectors Causing Human Health Issues.
A Conserved Histidine in the RNA Sensor RIG-I Controls Immune Tolerance to N1-2'O-Methylated Self RNA.
Health challenges of young travelers visiting friends and relatives compared with those traveling for other purposes.
Simultaneous injection of plasma-derived or recombinant hepatitis B vaccines with yellow fever and killed polio vaccines.
Molecular analysis of yellow fever virus 17DD vaccine strain.
Partial nucleotide sequence of South American yellow fever virus strain 1899/81: structural proteins and NS1.
Cell surface expression of yellow fever virus non-structural glycoprotein NS1: consequences of interaction with antibody.
Immunoblotting reveals differences in the accumulation of envelope protein by wild-type and vaccine strains of yellow fever virus.
Immune enhancement of yellow fever virus neurovirulence for mice: studies of mechanisms involved.
Replication of virulent and attenuated strains of yellow fever virus in human monocytes and macrophage-like cells (U937).
Isolation of plaque variants differing in virulence from the 17D strain of yellow fever virus.
Morphogenesis of yellow fever virus in Aedes aegypti cultured cells. I. Isolation of different cellular clones and the study of their susceptibility to infection with the virus.
[Abnormality in the behaviour of mice after an experimental encephalitis by yellow fever virus 17 D. Experiment model(author's transl)].
THE PRESERVATION OF YELLOW FEVER VIRUS.
EXPERIMENTAL STUDIES ON YELLOW FEVER IN NORTHERN PERU.
ETIOLOGY OF YELLOW FEVER : IV. THE ACQUIRED IMMUNITY OF GUINEA PIGS AGAINST LEPTOSPIRA ICTEROIDES AFTER THE INOCULATION OF BLOOD OF YELLOW FEVER PATIENTS.
Chimeric live, attenuated vaccine against Japanese encephalitis (ChimeriVax-JE): phase 2 clinical trials for safety and immunogenicity, effect of vaccine dose and schedule, and memory response to challenge with inactivated Japanese encephalitis antigen.
Strategic approach to control of viral haemorrhagic fever outbreaks in the Eastern Mediterranean Region: report from a regional consultation.
Complete nucleotide sequence of yellow fever virus vaccine strains 17DD and 17D-213.
Mutagenesis of the yellow fever virus NS2A/2B cleavage site: effects on proteolytic processing, viral replication, and evidence for alternative processing of the NS2A protein.
Mutagenesis of conserved residues at the yellow fever virus 3/4A and 4B/5 dibasic cleavage sites: effects on cleavage efficiency and polyprotein processing.
Comparison of the nucleotide and deduced amino acid sequences of the structural protein genes of the yellow fever 17DD vaccine strain from Senegal with those of other yellow fever vaccine viruses.
Association of IDDM and attenuated response of 2',5'-oligoadenylate synthetase to yellow fever vaccine.
Comparative immunochemical and biological analysis of African and South American yellow fever viruses.
Homogeneity among Senegalese strains of yellow fever virus.
Antibody-mediated infection of P388D1 cells with 17D yellow fever virus: effects of chloroquine and cytochalasin B.
A W.H.O. collaborative study of in vitro and in vivo methods for the assay of yellow fever vaccines.
[Fever, nosebleeding and myalgic abdominal pain].
[Comparative study between larvitraps and ovitraps for evaluating the presence of Aedes aegypti (Diptera: Culicidae) in Campo Grande, State of Rio de Janeiro].
INFECTIOUS DISEASE. Mosquito hunters search for Zika vectors.
Update From the Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices.
Flavivirus Receptors: Diversity, Identity, and Cell Entry.
Editorial overview: Antiviral strategies.
Pathogenic flaviviruses.
The impact of climate change on the epidemiology and control of Rift Valley fever.
Hubris: the recurring pandemic.
Adolpho Lutz and the origins of medical entomology in Brazil.
Potential contribution of gut microbiota and systemic inflammation on HIV vaccine effectiveness and vaccine design.
Travel immunizations: benefits and precautions.
Health conditions for travellers to Saudi Arabia for the pilgrimage to Mecca (Hajj) - 2015.
Assessing fitness costs for transgenic Aedes aegypti expressing the GFP marker and transposase genes.
Louse-borne relapsing fever (Borrelia recurrentis infection).
Tracking the return of Aedes aegypti to Brazil, the major vector of the dengue, chikungunya and Zika viruses.
History of Mosquitoborne Diseases in the United States and Implications for New Pathogens.
Preparing children for international travel: need for training and pediatric-focused research.
Viral opportunistic infections in Mauritian cynomolgus macaques undergoing allogeneic stem cell transplantation mirror human transplant infectious disease complications.
VIO: ontology classification and study of vaccine responses given various experimental and analytical conditions.
How the mosquito (man) liberated Cuba.
Ecology of Haemagogus sp. and Sabethes sp. (Diptera: Culicidae) in relation to the microclimates of the Caxiuanã National Forest, Pará, Brazil.
[Secondary serologic responses to dengue epidemic in 1998 in Salta, Argentina, where other flavivirus co-circulate].
Constancy and diversity in the flavivirus fusion peptide.
Transcriptomic immune profiles of human flavivirus-specific T-cell responses.
<i>Himatanthus bracteatus</i> stem extracts present anti-flavivirus activity while an isolated sesquiterpene glucoside present only anti-Zika virus activity <i>in vitro</i>.
Henry Rose Carter.
Flavivirus-induced antibody cross-reactivity.
Travel patterns and health risks for patients infected with HIV.
Genomic Epidemiology as a Public Health Tool to Combat Mosquito-Borne Virus Outbreaks.
Zika and Flavivirus Shell Disorder: Virulence and Fetal Morbidity.
William C. Gorgas: warrior against yellow fever.
Radiosensitivity and regulation of population density in the yellow fever mosquito (Aedes aegypti).
Biochemical, molecular, and phylogenetic analysis of pyruvate carboxylase in the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
Immunogenicity and safety of currently available Japanese encephalitis vaccines: a systematic review.
Health conditions for travellers to Saudi Arabia for the pilgrimage to Mecca (Hajj).
[The origins of the Pavilion Lazaretto: quarantine architecture between the 18th and 19th centuries].
[Viral infections--clinical pictures and laboratory diagnosis. Part 2: Coxsackie B virus, echovirus, enteroviruses, EBV, FSME virus and yellow fever virus].
Aedes (Stegomyia) bromeliae (Diptera: Culicidae), the yellow fever virus vector in East Africa.
The reliability of pre-travel history to decide on appropriate counseling and vaccinations: a prospective study.
Rift Valley fever outbreak--Kenya, November 2006-January 2007.
IMMUNITY TO YELLOW FEVER ENCEPHALITIS OF MONKEYS AND MICE IMMUNIZED BY NEURAL AND EXTRANEURAL ROUTES.
A rapid and convenient variant of fusion-PCR to construct chimeric flaviviruses.
Study on the stability of 17D-204 yellow fever vaccine before and after stabilization.
Human Urban Arboviruses Can Infect Wild Animals and Jump to Sylvatic Maintenance Cycles in South America.
Neurological manifestations of pediatric arboviral infections in the Americas.
Genetic characterization of Yokose virus, a flavivirus isolated from the bat in Japan.
Combined vaccination against yellow fever and typhoid fever: a comparative trial.
RPLP1 and RPLP2 Are Essential Flavivirus Host Factors That Promote Early Viral Protein Accumulation.
Effects of methylmercury on mosquito oviposition behavior: Maladaptive response to non-toxic exposure.
Preliminary Screening of Mosquito Spatial Distribution in Togo: With Special Focus on the Aedes (Diptera: Culicidae) Species.
Distinct YFV Lineages Co-circulated in the Central-Western and Southeastern Brazilian Regions From 2015 to 2018.
The European Medical Corps: first Public Health Team mission and future perspectives.
William Gorgas & Panama Canal.
HIV Vaccine Mystery and Viral Shell Disorder.
"Armed to the teeth": The multiple ways to survive insecticidal and predatory challenges in Aedes aegypti larvae.
Pathways Exploited by Flaviviruses to Counteract the Blood-Brain Barrier and Invade the Central Nervous System.
High-resolution structure of a Kazal-type serine protease inhibitor from the dengue vector Aedes aegypti.
[Arboviruses also have an American dream].
Medical and agricultural entomology in Brazil: a historical approach.
Telemedicine: climate change and mosquito-borne disease: a historical perspective.
QuantIF: An ImageJ Macro to Automatically Determine the Percentage of Infected Cells after Immunofluorescence.
A rapid test for measuring the infectivity of Yellow Fever vaccine.
Mathematical model to assess the control of Aedes aegypti mosquitoes by the sterile insect technique.
Viral receptors for flaviviruses: Not only gatekeepers.
William Gorgas & Panama Canal.
Carlos Juan Finlay (1833-1915).
Flavivirus NS1 Triggers Tissue-Specific Vascular Endothelial Dysfunction Reflecting Disease Tropism.
Uncovering Flavivirus Host Dependency Factors through a Genome-Wide Gain-of-Function Screen.
Evidence of pre-existing active Zika virus circulation in Sudan prior to 2012.
Factors contributing to and strategies to combat emerging arboviruses.
[Viral hemorrhagic fever].
Pathogenesis and Inhibition of Flaviviruses from a Carbohydrate Perspective.
Mutagenesis of the yellow fever virus NS2B/3 cleavage site: determinants of cleavage site specificity and effects on polyprotein processing and viral replication.
Traditional and novel approaches to flavivirus vaccines.
Recent History of <i>Aedes aegypti</i>: Vector Genomics and Epidemiology Records.
Hypersensitivity and vaccines: an update.
A single M protein mutation affects the acid inactivation threshold and growth kinetics of a chimeric flavivirus.
James Lind--the father of maritime medicine.
New Japanese encephalitis vaccines: alternatives to production in mouse brain.
Carlos Juan Finlay (1833-1915).
What was the cause of the epidemic in Savannah in 1733?
STUDIES ON SOUTH AMERICAN YELLOW FEVER : I. THE STRAINS OF VIRUS IN USE AT THE YELLOW FEVER LABORATORY IN BAHIA, BRAZIL.
[Progress in Zika virus and its vaccines].
Frozen blood clots can be used for the diagnosis of distinct Plasmodium species in man and non-human primates from the Brazilian Atlantic Forest.
Two thousand years of epidemics in Marseille and the Mediterranean Basin.
Investigation of the role of GBF1 in the replication of positive-sense single-stranded RNA viruses.
INFECTIVITY OF BLOOD DURING THE COURSE OF EXPERIMENTAL YELLOW FEVER.
Knowing its place: mapping as medical investigation.
Aedes aegypti vector competence studies: A review.
Siglec-1-positive plasmacytoid dendritic cells (pDCs) in human peripheral blood: A semi-mature and myeloid-like subset imbalanced during protective and autoimmune responses.
Safety and immunogenicity of a live attenuated Japanese encephalitis chimeric virus vaccine (IMOJEV®) in children.
Geographic distribution and evolution of yellow fever viruses based on direct sequencing of genomic cDNA fragments.
Mutagenesis of the yellow fever virus NS2B protein: effects on proteolytic processing, NS2B-NS3 complex formation, and viral replication.
Cleavage at a novel site in the NS4A region by the yellow fever virus NS2B-3 proteinase is a prerequisite for processing at the downstream 4A/4B signalase site.
Variation in the biological function of envelope protein epitopes of yellow fever vaccine viruses detected with monoclonal antibodies.
Yellow fever 17DD vaccine virus is temperature sensitive when grown in mosquito C6-36 cells.
Processing of the yellow fever virus nonstructural polyprotein: a catalytically active NS3 proteinase domain and NS2B are required for cleavages at dibasic sites.
The yellow Fever epidemic in Western mali, september-november 1987: why did epidemiological surveillance fail?
Detection of yellow fever viral RNA by nucleic acid hybridization and viral antigen by immunocytochemistry in fixed human liver.
Studies on yellow fever vaccine. II--Stability of the reconstituted product.
Morphogenesis of yellow fever virus 17D in infected cell cultures.
Expression of the yellow fever virus envelope protein using hybrid SV40/yellow fever viruses.
Antigenic analysis of yellow fever virus glycoproteins: use of monoclonal antibodies in enzyme-linked immunosorbent assays.
Genetic heterogeneity of yellow fever virus strains from Africa and the Americas.
Yellow fever monoclonal antibodies: type-specific and cross-reactive determinants identified by immunofluorescence.
Morphogenesis of yellow fever virus in Aedes aegypti cultured cells. II. An ultrastructural study.
Antibody-mediated infection of macrophages and macrophage-like cell lines with 17D-yellow fever virus.
Aedes aegypti strain fitness for yellow fever virus transmission.
The relative resistance of dengue-immune monkeys to yellow fever virus.
THE ADAPTATION OF UNMODIFIED STRAINS OF YELLOW FEVER VIRUS TO CULTIVATION IN VITRO.
Classical swine fever virus non-structural proteins modulate Toll-like receptor signaling pathways in porcine monocyte-derived macrophages.
Endogenous cannabinoids induce fever through the activation of CB1 receptors.
Bugs and battles during the American Civil War.
NS2B-3 proteinase-mediated processing in the yellow fever virus structural region: in vitro and in vivo studies.
Comparison of the nucleotide and deduced amino acid sequences of the envelope protein genes of the wild-type French viscerotropic strain of yellow fever virus and the live vaccine strain, French neurotropic vaccine, derived from it.
Heterogeneity in envelope protein sequence and N-linked glycosylation among yellow fever virus vaccine strains.
Monoclonal antibodies identify the NS5 yellow fever virus non-structural protein in the nuclei of infected cells.
Genetic selection of a flavivirus-refractory strain of the yellow fever mosquito Aedes aegypti.
Glycosylation and secretion of yellow fever virus nonstructural protein NS1.
Attenuation of wild-type yellow fever virus by passage in HeLa cells.
Production of yellow fever virus proteins in infected cells: identification of discrete polyprotein species and analysis of cleavage kinetics using region-specific polyclonal antisera.
The 15 amino acid residues preceding the amino terminus of the envelope protein in the yellow fever virus polyprotein precursor act as a signal peptide.
Identification of monoclonal antibodies that distinguish between 17D-204 and other strains of yellow fever virus.
Processing of yellow fever virus polyprotein: role of cellular proteases in maturation of the structural proteins.
Examination of the envelope glycoprotein of yellow fever vaccine viruses with monoclonal antibodies.
17D yellow fever virus infection of P388D1 cells mediated by monoclonal antibodies: properties of the macrophage Fc receptor.
Ontogeny of yellow fever 17D vaccine: RNA oligonucleotide fingerprint and monoclonal antibody analyses of vaccines produced world-wide.
Monoclonal antibodies distinguish between wild and vaccine strains of yellow fever virus by neutralization, hemagglutination inhibition, and immune precipitation of the virus envelope protein.
[Isolation of the yellow fever virus from an egg-cluster and the larvae of the tick Amblyomma variegatum].
The opposite temperature-sensitivity character (ts) in two attenuated flaviviruses, used for human immunization: 17D yellow fever and E5"14" (Langat) viruses. A reappraisal of thoughts.
Assessment of aerosol stability of yellow fever virus by fluorescent-cell counting.
Ebola hemorrhagic fever outbreaks in Gabon, 1994-1997: epidemiologic and health control issues.
Health conditions for travellers to Saudi Arabia for the Umra and pilgrimage to Mecca (Hajj) - 2014.
Meeting of the Strategic Advisory Group of Experts on immunization, April 2014 –- conclusions and recommendations.
Establishment and Application of Flavivirus Replicons.
Zika, chikungunya and dengue: the causes and threats of new and re-emerging arboviral diseases.
The global fight to develop antipoverty vaccines in the anti-vaccine era.
Temporal genetic stability of Stegomyia aegypti (= Aedes aegypti) populations.
Aedes Mosquitoes and Aedes-Borne Arboviruses in Africa: Current and Future Threats.
Examining the potential for South American arboviruses to spread beyond the New World.
BCX4430 - A broad-spectrum antiviral adenosine nucleoside analog under development for the treatment of Ebola virus disease.
Hideyo Noguchi: controversial microbe hunter.
[Countermeasure against viral hemorrhagic fever at the border in Japan].
TRAINING PROGRAM FOR NURSING STAFF REGARDING VIRAL HEMORRHAGIC FEVERS IN A MILITARY HOSPITAL.
A haemorrhagic fever from the Côte d'Ivoire.
Antiviral Immunity and Virus-Mediated Antagonism in Disease Vector Mosquitoes.
Meeting of the Strategic Advisory Group of Experts on immunization, April 2017 – conclusions and recommendations.
Health conditions for travellers to Saudi Arabia for the pilgrimage to Mecca (Hajj) 1432 (2011).
A review of selected Arboviruses during pregnancy.
Glutathione biosynthesis in the aging adult yellow-fever mosquito [Aedes aegypti (Louisville)].
Electrophoretic variability in the phosphatase system of the yellow-fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
Caveats re Walter Reed and James Carroll.
Hormone-controlled cAMP-mediated fluid secretion in yellow-fever mosquito.
Glutathione S-transferase activities in the yellow-fever mosquito [Aedes aegypti (Louisville)] during growth and aging.
Problems in Regard to Yellow-Fever and the Prevention of Yellow-Fever Epidemics.
Effective population sizes of a major vector of human diseases, <i>Aedes aegypti</i>.
Current immunizations for travel.
[Transmission and conservation of the amaril virus in nature].
Dynamics of the cytotoxic T cell response to a model of acute viral infection.
Undiagnosed acute viral febrile illnesses, Sierra Leone.
Characterization of Fitzroy River Virus and Serologic Evidence of Human and Animal Infection.
Vaccine vial stopper performance for fractional dose delivery of vaccines.
[Is there an alternative to the amaril 17D vaccine?].
The maxillary palp of Aedes aegypti, a model of multisensory integration.
Expansion of Surveillance for Vaccine-preventable Diseases: Building on the Global Polio Laboratory Network and the Global Measles and Rubella Laboratory Network Platforms.
THE GROWTH OF ASIBI STRAIN YELLOW FEVER VIRUS IN TISSUE CULTURES. II. MODIFICATION OF VIRUS AND CELLS.
[INVESTIGATION OF YELLOW FEVER VIRUS VARIANTS FROM HUMAN TISSUE CULTURE IN MONKEY EXPERIMENTS].
Propagation of yellow fever virus (17D strain) in primary trypsinized cell cultures.
THE TRANSMISSION OF NEUROTROPIC YELLOW FEVER VIRUS BY STEGOMYIA MOSQUITOES.
ELECTROPHORESIS EXPERIMENTS WITH THE VIRUS AND PROTECTIVE BODIES OF YELLOW FEVER.
STUDIES ON YELLOW FEVER IN SOUTH AMERICA : V. TRANSMISSION EXPERIMENTS WITH CERTAIN SPECIES OF CULEX AND AEDES.
POSSIBILITY OF HEREDITARY TRANSMISSION OF YELLOW FEVER VIRUS BY AEDES AEGYPTI (LINN.).
STUDIES ON SOUTH AMERICAN YELLOW FEVER : III. TRANSMISSION OF THE VIRUS TO BRAZILIAN MONKEYS PRELIMINARY OBSERVATIONS.
THE INCUBATION PERIOD OF YELLOW FEVER IN THE MOSQUITO.
LOSS IN VIRULENCE OF YELLOW FEVER VIRUS SERIALLY PASSED IN HELA CELLS.
FAILURE TO RESPOND TO VACCINATION WITH 17D YELLOW FEVER VIRUS BY SCARIFICATION, AND ITS SIGNIFICANCE.
GROWTH OF 17D YELLOW FEVER VIRUS AND FACTORS INFLUENCING ITS TRANSMISSION WITHIN CELL CULTURES IN VITRO.
THE GROWTH OF ASIBI STRAIN YELLOW FEVER VIRUS IN  TISSUE CULTURES. I. SENSITIVITY AND CAPACITY OF TISSUE CULTURES.
Fine structure of Councilman bodies in the liver of Aluatta seniculus seniculus L. infected with yellow fever virus.
Transmission of yellow fever virus by aged Aedes aegypti and comments on some other mosquitovirus relationships.
The impact of childhood vaccines on bacterial carriage in the nasopharynx: a longitudinal study.
Detection and Establishment of Aedes aegypti and Aedes albopictus (Diptera: Culicidae) Mosquitoes in California, 2011-2015.
Are all vaccines safe for the pregnant traveler? A systematic review and metaanalysis.
Serologic survey of the Crimean-Congo haemorrhagic fever virus infection among wild rodents in Hungary.
Pretravel Health Preparation of International Travelers: Results From the Boston Area Travel Medicine Network.
Health conditions for travellers to Saudi Arabia for the pilgrimage to Mecca (Hajj).
Vector competence in West African Aedes aegypti Is Flavivirus species and genotype dependent.
Health conditions of travellers to Saudi Arabia for the pilgrimage to Mecca (Hajj and Umra) for 1434 (2013).
Health conditions for travellers to Saudi Arabia for the pilgrimage to Mecca (Hajj & Umra) for 1434 (2013).
Lymphocytic 2',5'-oligoadenylate synthetase activity increases prior to the appearance of neutralizing antibodies and immunoglobulin M and immunoglobulin G antibodies after primary and secondary immunization with yellow fever vaccine.
Aptamer Displacement Screen for Flaviviral RNA Methyltransferase Inhibitors.
Infectious risks for travelers to the tropics.
Efficient plant regeneration of yellow loosestrife (Lysimachia vulgaris L.), a medicinal plant.
TLR5-mediated sensing of gut microbiota is necessary for antibody responses to seasonal influenza vaccination.
Genetic analysis of bovine respiratory syncytial virus in Croatia.
Bichat guidelines for the clinical management of haemorrhagic fever viruses and bioterrorism-related haemorrhagic fever viruses.
Low adherence with national travel medicine recommendations in Belgian expatriate children: A retrospective analysis.
Dengue and Zika Virus 5' Untranslated Regions Harbor Internal Ribosomal Entry Site Functions.
Deadly viral syndrome mimics.
N6-Methyladenosine in Flaviviridae Viral RNA Genomes Regulates Infection.
Squeaky clean mice could be ruining research.
Changing trends and pretravel preparation of business travelers from Greece during the financial crisis.
The small molecule AZD6244 inhibits dengue virus replication in vitro and protects against lethal challenge in a mouse model.
[Pathophysiological mechanisms of dengue fever: critical review of current concepts].
ETIOLOGY OF YELLOW FEVER : III. SYMPTOMATOLOGY AND PATHOLOGICAL FINDINGS IN ANIMALS EXPERIMENTALLY INFECTED.
Surveillance of mosquito-borne infectious diseases in febrile travelers entering China via Shenzhen ports, China, 2013.
Taking forward a 'One Health' approach for turning the tide against the Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus and other zoonotic pathogens with epidemic potential.
Does adaptation to vertebrate codon usage relate to flavivirus emergence potential?
[Haemorrhagic fever viruses, possible bioterrorist use].
Turning yellow.
[Value of CODEHOP RT-pCR in detection of Flavivirus].
Vertical oviposition activity of mosquitoes in the Atlantic Forest of Brazil with emphasis on the sylvan vector, Haemagogus leucocelaenus (Diptera: Culicidae).
Repellent and mosquitocidal effects of leaf extracts of Clausena anisata against the Aedes aegypti mosquito (Diptera: Culicidae).
Current status of flavivirus vaccines.
The French connection: Drs. Jean-Charles Faget and Edmond Souchon, the first Americans to achieve the rank of "Internes des Hopitaux des Paris" (IHP).
Molecular signatures of antibody responses derived from a systems biology study of five human vaccines.
The flaviviral methyltransferase is a substrate of Casein Kinase 1.
Me, and Walter Reed.
[Antiviral activity in vitro and pharmacokinetics of HCV entry inhibitor AVR560].
Vaccine activation of the nutrient sensor GCN2 in dendritic cells enhances antigen presentation.
Bichat guidelines for the clinical management of haemorrhagic fever viruses and bioterrorism-related haemorrhagic fever viruses.
Dengue Dynamics and Vaccine Cost-Effectiveness Analysis in the Philippines.
Safety testing for neurovirulence of novel live, attenuated flavivirus vaccines: infant mice provide an accurate surrogate for the test in monkeys.
Current approaches in antiviral drug discovery against the Flaviviridae family.
Travel medicine in the state of São Paulo, Brazil.
T-Cell Response to Viral Hemorrhagic Fevers.
Noncoding Subgenomic Flavivirus RNA Is Processed by the Mosquito RNA Interference Machinery and Determines West Nile Virus Transmission by Culex pipiens Mosquitoes.
Me, and Walter Reed.
[Meningoencephalitis after vaccination against yellow fever with the 17 D strain: 2 cases].
RNA-stimulated NTPase activity associated with yellow fever virus NS3 protein expressed in bacteria.
The Fc portion of antibody to yellow fever virus NS1 is a determinant of protection against YF encephalitis in mice.
Effect of administration of sodium aurothiomalate on the virulence of yellow fever viruses in adult mice.
Encephalitis in a 13-year-old boy following 17D yellow fever vaccine.
Use of a monoclonal antibody specific for wild-type yellow fever virus to identify a wild-type antigenic variant in 17D vaccine pools.
Yellow fever virus proteins NS2A, NS2B, and NS4B: identification and partial N-terminal amino acid sequence analysis.
[Monoclonal antibodies to flavivirus antigens induced by a vaccinal strain of yellow fever].
[Monoclonal antibodies to the yellow fever virus].
Location of a neutralization determinant in the E protein of yellow fever virus (17D vaccine strain).
Topographical analysis of epitope relationships on the envelope glycoprotein of yellow fever 17D vaccine and the wild type Asibi parent virus.
Oral infection of Aedes aegypti with yellow fever virus: geographic variation and genetic considerations.
Examination of the immunological relationships between flaviviruses using yellow fever virus monoclonal antibodies.
The inhibition of yellow fever virus multiplication by suramin: a preliminary note.
Yellow fever and Zika virus epizootics and enzootics in Uganda.
The development of an improved experimental yellow fever vaccine.
Transovarial transmission of yellow fever virus in Stegomyia mosquitoes.
Relation between decreased mental efficiency in mice and the presence of cerebral lesions after experimental encephalitis caused by yellow fever virus.
The thermal stability of a stabilized 17D yellow fever virus vaccine.
[The neuronal Torres bodies in experimental yellow fever encephalomyelitis. An additional example of the heterogeneous nature of Cowdry type A intranuclear inclusions].
Isolations in a mosquito (Aedes pseudoscutellaris) cell line (Mos. 61) of yellow fever virus strains from original field material.
Yellow fever vaccination, avian leukosis virus, and cancer risk in man.
Agglutination of African rodent and primate erythrocytes by arboviruses and the susceptibility of some of these animals to yellow fever and Kadam viruses.
Yellow fever virus. II. Factors affecting the plaque neutralization test.
[Nobel prize for yellow fever vaccine].
THE FILTRABILITY OF YELLOW FEVER VIRUS AS EXISTING IN THE MOSQUITO.
ETIOLOGY OF YELLOW FEVER : XIV. DURATION OF THE PROTECTIVE EFFECT OF ANTI-ICTEROIDES IMMUNE SERUM AFTER SUBCUTANEOUS INOCULATION INTO ANIMALS.
IMMUNOLOGICAL STUDIES WITH A STRAIN OF LEPTOSPIRA ISOLATED FROM A CASE OF YELLOW FEVER IN MERIDA, YUCATAN.
Illustrating and homology modeling the proteins of the Zika virus.
Evidence of arbovirus co-infection in suspected febrile malaria and typhoid patients in Nigeria.
Detection of yellow fever virus by polymerase chain reaction.
Assessment of an end-point microassay for yellow fever vaccine.
Transcription of infectious yellow fever RNA from full-length cDNA templates produced by in vitro ligation.
Nucleotide sequence comparison of the genome of two 17D-204 yellow fever vaccines.
Modulations of the in vitro translational efficiencies of Yellow Fever virus mRNAs: interactions between coding and noncoding regions.
Detection of yellow fever virus nucleic acid in infected mosquitoes by RNA:RNA in situ hybridization.
Studies on yellow fever vaccine. III--Dose response in volunteers.
High genetic stability of the region coding for the structural proteins of yellow fever virus strain 17D.
Comparative clinical study of a new 17D thermostable yellow fever vaccine.
Neutralization of yellow fever virus studied using monoclonal and polyclonal antibodies.
Selection for susceptibility and refractoriness of Aedes aegypti to oral infection with yellow fever virus.
Nucleotide sequence of yellow fever virus: implications for flavivirus gene expression and evolution.
Stable secondary structures at the 3'-end of the genome of yellow fever virus (17 D vaccine strain).
Analysis of 17D yellow fever virus envelope protein epitopes using monoclonal antibodies.
The effect of colonization upon aedes aegypti susceptibility to oral infection with yellow fever virus.
[Ultrastructural changes caused by yellow fever virus at the level of the kidneys in newborn mice].
Utilization and metabolism of dietary sterols in the honey bee and the yellow fever mosquito.
Replication of dengue, yellow fever, St. Louis encephalitis and vesicular stomatitis viruses in a cell line (TRA-171) derived from Toxorhynchites amboinensis.
The inhibition of yellow fever virus multiplication by suramin: a preliminary note.
[Long-term infection of a cell culture from newborn mouse brain with the FNV strain of yellow fever virus (author's transl)].
Long term storage studies with a new stabilised formulation of yellow fever virus vaccine.
[Neurovirulence of the French neurotropic strain of the yellow fever virus: its study by the thermal sensitivity of viral development and analysis of viral populations obtained by the plaque method].
Yellow fever virus. I. Development and evaluation of a plaque neutralization test.
Attenuation of aerosolized yellow fever virus after passage in cell culture.
THE USE OF YELLOW FEVER VIRUS MODIFIED BY IN VITRO CULTIVATION FOR HUMAN IMMUNIZATION.
ETIOLOGY OF YELLOW FEVER : XI. SERUM TREATMENT OF ANIMALS INFECTED WITH LEPTOSPIRA ICTEROIDES.
ETIOLOGY OF YELLOW FEVER : VI. CULTIVATION, MORPHOLOGY, VIRULENCE, AND BIOLOGICAL PROPERTIES OF LEPTOSPIRA ICTEROIDES.
ETIOLOGY OF YELLOW FEVER : I. SYMPTOMATOLOGY AND PATHOLOGICAL FINDINGS OF THE YELLOW FEVER PREVALENT IN GUAYAQUIL.
Tropical dermatology: viral tropical diseases.
[Make your own diagnosis: part II].
[Make your own diagnosis: part I].
Anti-flavivirus Activity of Different Tritylated Pyrimidine and Purine Nucleoside Analogues.
The genetics of chemoreception in the labella and tarsi of Aedes aegypti.
Update From the Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices.
Pharmacists and travel advice for tropics in Lisbon (Portugal).
A virulent enemy.
Short biography of Louis Daniel Beauperthuy (1807-71): pioneer of microbiology and medical science in Venezuela.
Dengue and other emerging flaviviruses.
Herpes simplex and yellow-fever vaccine.
Chikungunya and O'nyong-nyong Viruses in Uganda: Implications for Diagnostics.
In the interest of humanity and the cause of science.
Health conditions for travelers to Saudi Arabia for (Hajj) for the year 1431H/2010.
STUDIES ON YELLOW FEVER IN SOUTH AMERICA : IV. TRANSMISSION EXPERIMENTS WITH AEDES AEGYPTI.
Modelling epidemics with fractional-dose vaccination in response to limited vaccine supply.
Distribution of insecticide resistance and mechanisms involved in the arbovirus vector Aedes aegypti in Laos and implication for vector control.
Expansion of Aedes africanus (Diptera: Culicidae), a sylvatic vector of arboviruses, into an urban environment of Abidjan, Côte d'Ivoire.
STAT5: a Target of Antagonism by Neurotropic Flaviviruses.
Gloria in absentia: Walter Reed, James Carroll, and the ethics of authorship.
Godzilla in the corridor: The Ontario SARS crisis in historical perspective.
A sodium channel variant in Aedes aegypti as a candidate pathogen sensor for viral-associated molecular patterns.
['Magdalena fevers': medicine and society in the construction of a Colombian medical notion, 1859-1886].
Prospects for development of a vaccine against the West Nile virus.
Assessments of Influences of a Prolific Gut Fungus (<i>Zancudomyces culisetae</i>) on Larval and Adult Mosquito (<i>Aedes aegypti</i>) - Associated Microbiota.
High infection rate of bank voles (Myodes glareolus) with Puumala virus is associated with a winter outbreak of haemorrhagic fever with renal syndrome in Croatia.
Vaccination priorities.
West Nile virus seroprevalence in blood donors from Central Anatolia, Turkey.
Liposomal Systems as Nanocarriers for the Antiviral Agent Ivermectin.
Management of insecticide resistance in the major Aedes vectors of arboviruses: Advances and challenges.
Mosquito-borne diseases.
Induction of RNA interference to block Zika virus replication and transmission in the mosquito Aedes aegypti.
Development of robust antiviral assays for profiling compounds against a panel of positive-strand RNA viruses using ATP/luminescence readout.
Viral hemorrhagic fevers including hantavirus pulmonary syndrome in the Americas.
THE MULTIPLICATION OF THE VIRUS OF YELLOW FEVER IN AEDES AEGYPTI.
THE TITRATION OF YELLOW FEVER VIRUS IN STEGOMYIA MOSQUITOES.
An E460D Substitution in the NS5 Protein of Tick-Borne Encephalitis Virus Confers Resistance to the Inhibitor Galidesivir (BCX4430) and Also Attenuates the Virus for Mice.
Broad spectrum anti-flavivirus pyridobenzothiazolones leading to less infective virions.
Development of one-step quantitative reverse transcription PCR for the rapid detection of flaviviruses.
THE SURVIVAL OF YELLOW FEVER VIRUS IN CULTURES.
Characterization of potential biomarkers of reactogenicity of licensed antiviral vaccines: randomized controlled clinical trials conducted by the BIOVACSAFE consortium.
Past and future spread of the arbovirus vectors Aedes aegypti and Aedes albopictus.
Diagnosis of Zika Virus Infection by Peptide Array and Enzyme-Linked Immunosorbent Assay.
[Arbovirus causing hemorrhagic fever at IMSS].
Vaccine adverse events reported during the first ten years (1998-2008) after introduction in the state of Rondonia, Brazil.
Immunogenicity of pneumococcal conjugate vaccine formulations containing pneumococcal proteins, and immunogenicity and reactogenicity of co-administered routine vaccines - A phase II, randomised, observer-blind study in Gambian infants.
Merck Ad5/HIV induces broad innate immune activation that predicts CD8⁺ T-cell responses but is attenuated by preexisting Ad5 immunity.
The Immune Responses of the Animal Hosts of West Nile Virus: A Comparison of Insects, Birds, and Mammals.
The developmental transcriptome of the mosquito Aedes aegypti, an invasive species and major arbovirus vector.
Dengue and other flavivirus infections.
[Occurrence of Aedes albopictus in the state of Pará, Brazil].
Emerging and Reemerging Aedes-Transmitted Arbovirus Infections in the Region of the Americas: Implications for Health Policy.
Fatal hemorrhagic fever caused by West Nile virus in the United States.
Vaccination and adolescent knowledge: health education and disease prevention.
Viral hemorrhagic fevers of South America.
Technologies to Combat Aedes Mosquitoes: A Model Based on Smart City.
Nature's agents or agents of empire? Entomological workers and environmental change during the construction of the Panama Canal.
Evaluation of an ultraviolet LED trap for catching Anopheles and Culex mosquitoes in south-eastern Tanzania.
Responses of antennal olfactory receptors in the yellow fever mosquito Aedes aegypti to human body odours.
Potential of Aedes albopictus as a bridge vector for enzootic pathogens at the urban-forest interface in Brazil.
Emerging and reemerging epidemic-prone diseases among settling nomadic pastoralists in Uganda.
In vitro evaluation of the antiviral activity of extracts from the lichen Parmelia perlata (L.) Ach. against three RNA viruses.
Immunological studies with group B arthropod-borne viruses. V. Evaluation of cross-immunity against type 1 dengue fever in human subjects convalescent from subclinical natural Japanese encephalitis virus infection and vaccinated with 17D strain yellow fever vaccine.
Socio-economic determinants and inequities in coverage and timeliness of early childhood immunisation in rural Ghana.
Seroprevalence of selected flaviviruses in free-living and captive capuchin monkeys in the state of Pernambuco, Brazil.
Breast milk transmission of flaviviruses in the context of Zika virus: A systematic review.
Development of an anti-dengue NS1 IgG ELISA to evaluate exposure to dengue virus.
Wolbachia endosymbionts and human disease control.
[The history of quarantine].
Self-reported infections during international travel and notifiable infections among returning international travellers, Sweden, 2009-2013.
The immune strategies of mosquito Aedes aegypti against microbial infection.
Male germ cells support long-term propagation of Zika virus.
Kanamycin detection at graphene quantum dot-decorated gold nanoparticles in organized medium after solid-phase extraction using an aminoglycoside imprinted polymer.
Genetics. A breakthrough for global public health.
Structural characterization of Bacillus licheniformis Dahb1 exopolysaccharide-antimicrobial potential and larvicidal activity on malaria and Zika virus mosquito vectors.
Health conditions for travellers to Saudi Arabia for the pilgrimage to Mecca (Hajj).
Cloning and sequencing of the cyclodiene insecticide resistance gene from the yellow fever mosquito Aedes aegypti. Conservation of the gene and resistance associated mutation with Drosophila.
[Stability of a new thermostable 17D yellow fever vaccine].
[Dengue and yellow fever arboviruses].
Chloroquine does not adversely affect the antibody response to yellow fever vaccine.
Argentophilic structures of spermatogenesis in the yellow fever mosquito.
Geographic genetic differentiation and arbovirus competency: Aedes aegypti and yellow fever.
[A case of encephalitis after anti-yellow fever vaccination with the 17 D strain].
Response of human leucocytes to yellow fever virus infection in vitro.
Evaluation of immunofluorescence and immunoperoxidase methods for antibody determination against Chikungunya, West Nile and yellow fever viruses.
Influence of various temperatures in relation to time on 17-D Yellow Fever virus vaccines.
Comparative electron microscopic studies of several experimental group B arbovirus infections of the murine CNS (CEE virus, Zimmern virus, yellow fever virus).
[Culture of the French neurotropic strain of yellow fever virus on the continuous pig kidney cells, PS-2].
[Chromosomal changes following yellow fever vaccination].
Research on dengue in tissue culture. IV. Serologic responses of human beings to combined inoculations of attenuated, tissue-cultured type I dengue virus and yellow fever vaccine.
[Yellow fever vaccine. Production and control. I. The plaque titration of the virus 17 D].
[Cytological observation on the growth of yellow fever virus (17D strain) in trypsinized hamster kidney cell culture, with special reference to immunofluorescent findings].
Inactivation of yellow fever virus by glutaraldehyde.
Some fundamental characteristics of dengue and yellow fever viruses: inhomogeneity and characterization of partially purified viral particles.
A yellow fever vaccine free from avian leucosis viruses.
Immunological studies with group B arthropod-borne viruses. VI. Hemagglutination-inhibiting antibody responses to 17D yellow fever vaccine in human subjects with different degrees of complexity of pre-vaccination group B virus experience.
Fluorescent cell-counting assay of yellow fever virus.
THE EFFECT OF PROLONGED CULTIVATION IN VITRO UPON THE PATHOGENICITY OF YELLOW FEVER VIRUS.
The Pathology of Experimental Yellow Fever in the Macacus Rhesus: III. Comparison with the Pathology of Yellow Fever in Man.
A COMPARISON OF THE SPIROCHETE OF YELLOW FEVER (LEPTOSPIRA ICTEROIDES NOGUCHI) WITH THE LEPTOSPIRA OF WEIL'S DISEASE.
ETIOLOGY OF YELLOW FEVER : XII. CHEMOTHERAPY VERSUS SEROTHERAPY IN EXPERIMENTAL INFECTION WITH LEPTOSPIRA ICTEROIDES.
Mucolipin-2 Cation Channel Increases Trafficking Efficiency of Endocytosed Viruses.
Larvicidal activity of selected aloe species against Aedes aegypti (Diptera: Culiciade).
Possible association of encephalitis and 17D yellow fever vaccination in a 29-year-old traveller.
Characterization of yellow fever virus proteins E and NS1 expressed in Vero and Spodoptera frugiperda cells.
[Thermostabilization of the lyophilized yellow fever vaccine 17-D. II. Pilot lots prepared under conditions of industrial production].
Yellow fever vaccine and avian leukosis virus.
Characterization of blood mononuclear cells reacting with K 562 cells after yellow fever vaccination.
Stabilized 17D strain yellow fever vaccine: dose response studies, clinical reactions and effects on hepatic function.
Sequential immunization procedure against Group B arboviruses using living attenuated 17D yellow fever virus, living attenuated Langat E5 virus, and living attenuated dengue 2 virus (New Guinea C isolate).
[RNA synthesis and reproduction of yellow fever virus (strain 17D)].
Yellow fever vaccine. 3. Antibody response in monkeys inoculated with a vaccine free from contaminating avian leukosis viruses.
[Reactions of embryonic chicken fibroblast cultures upon infection with yellow fever virus].
Specific role of each human leukocyte type in viral infections. 3. 17D yellow fever virus replication and interferon production in homogeneous leukocyte cultures treated with phytohemagglutinin.
Multiplication of yellow fever virus in insect tissue cell cultures.
[Cytopathogenic effect and production of yellow fever virus with the FNV strain in cell culture].
[Recovery of yellow fever virus from a sentinel monkey in the vicinity of Belem, Brazil].
ULTRACENTRIFUGATION STUDIES OF YELLOW FEVER VIRUS.
STUDIES ON SOUTH AMERICAN YELLOW FEVER : II. IMMUNITY OF RECOVERED MONKEYS TO AFRICAN VIRUS.
EXPERIMENTAL STUDIES ON YELLOW FEVER OCCURRING IN MERIDA, YUCATAN.
T cell immunity to Zika virus targets immunodominant epitopes that show cross-reactivity with other Flaviviruses.
Larval development of Aedes aegypti and Aedes albopictus in peri-urban brackish water and its implications for transmission of arboviral diseases.
A Multi-Perspective Review on Dengue Research.
Dengue hemorrhagic fever and acute hepatitis: a case report.
Chronic flank pain, fever and an unusual diagnosis.
Chemosterilization of the yellow-fever mosquito. 2. Laboratory evaluation of phosphoramides by larval and pupal treatments.
Mating ability and permanency of sterility in hempa-sterilized males of the yellow-fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti (L.).
Dioxane and dioxaspiro derivatives as attractants for male yellow-fever mosquitoes.
The effect of blood-feeding on the longevity of radiation-resistant yellow-fever mosquitoes.
Response of the yellow-fever mosquito to varying areas of human skin.
Mathematical formulae for estimating resistance potential and speed of development of DDT resistance in the yellow-fever mosquito.
Teratogenic effects of a tranquilizer, trifluoperazine dihydrochloride on the yellow-fever mosquito.
Chemicals tested as space repellents for yellow-fever mosquitoes. II. Carbanilates, benzamides, aliphatic amides, and imides.
Some effects of ingested thiotepa on the development of Plasmodium gallinaceum in yellow-fever mosquitoes and in chicks.
Toxicity of alkanes and alkenes to the pre-imaginal stages of the yellow-fever mosquito.
The Yellow-Fever Question.
Report of the International Committee on Yellow-Fever.
Yellow-Fever in Veracruz.
A Few General Remarks Regarding Yellow-Fever in the State of Tabasco.
Recent Researches Relating to the Etiology of Yellow-Fever.
The Outbreak of Yellow-Fever at Jackson, Miss., in September, 1888.
Yellow-Fever Recognition and Isolation.
On the Mercurial Treatment of Yellow-Fever.
Observations on Some Remarks of Dr Bancroft, Contained in the 7th Appendix to His Essay on the Disease Called Yellow-Fever, &c.
Observations on the Yellow-Fever of New-York in 1803.
Inquiry into the Statements of Messrs Nagle and Wilson Respecting the Yellow-Fever.
A pilot case-cohort study of liver and pancreatic cancers in poultry workers.
Exotic disease in the migrant patient.
Boswellia ovalifoliolata (Burseraceae) essential oil as an eco-friendly larvicide? Toxicity against six mosquito vectors of public health importance, non-target mosquito fishes, backswimmers, and water bugs.
[Which vaccinations for which travel-destination?].
Routine and recommended vaccinations for travellers.
Patterns of Insecticide Resistance in Aedes aegypti: Meta-Analyses of Surveys in Latin America and the Caribbean.
Chemosterilization of the yellow-fever mosquito. 1. Laboratory evaluation of aziridinyl compounds by larval and pupal treatments.
Cytogenetics of two radiation-induced, sex-linked translocations in the yellow-fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
[Esters of alpha-hydroxy-beta-phenyl aliphatic acids that attract female yellow-fever mosquitoes].
Aliphatic amines ovicidal for the yellow-fever mosquito.
Free and peptide-bound amino acids during the larval and pupal stages of the yellow-fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
Gross variations in the response to man among yellow-fever mosquito populations in the laboratory.
Fungal toxins against larvae of the yellow-fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
Uptake of P32 by yellow-fever mosquito larvae of equal age, and those pupating synchronously: its loss and transfer during development, mating, and oviposition.
Some effects of orally administered ruelene on host sheep and two ectoparasites: the yellow-fever mosquito and the rocky mountain wood tick.
Chemicals tested as space repelents against yellow-fever mosquitoes. I. Esters.
THE YELLOW-FEVER MOSQUITO.
Contribution to the Study of Yellow-Fever from a Medico-Geographical and Prophylactic Point of View in the Mexican Republic.
A Modification of Inner Quarantine Regulations, as Especially Applied to Epidemics of Yellow-Fever.
Some Considerations on Parasitism in Yellow-Fever.
A Case of Yellow-Fever, Observed in the City of Puebla, during the Month of November, 1892.
Considerations upon the Endemical Character of Yellow-Fever upon the Coast of the Gulf of Mexico.
The Microscopical, Spectroscopical, and Chemical Analysis of Black Vomit as an Aid to Health Officers in the Differential Diagnosis of Yellow-Fever and Malarial Fevers.
YELLOW-FEVER IN FLORIDA.
Yellow-Fever in Florida.
Some Observations on Yellow-Fever and its Habitudes, as opposed to the Fallacies and Dangers of Personal Quarantine.
Yellow-Fever Panics and Useless Quarantines-Limitation by Temperature and Altitude.
HOW TO DEAL WITH YELLOW-FEVER.
Geographical Summary of the Yellow-Fever Epidemics of Peru.
On the Appearance of the Yellow-Fever in the Quarantine Harbour of Marseilles.
Observations on Yellow-Fever.
On the Causes of the Tropical Endemic, or Yellow-Fever.
On Yellow-Fever.
Characterization of the Zika virus induced small RNA response in Aedes aegypti cells.
Genetic structure in the southernmost populations of black-and-gold howler monkeys (Alouatta caraya) and its conservation implications.
Cracking the shell on egg-hypersensitive patients and egg-containing vaccines.
A preliminary survey of ZIKA virus infection by nucleic acid test in the volunteer blood donor samples in Shenzhen China.
Dengue vaccines: implications for dengue control.
Targeted reconstruction of T cell receptor sequence from single cell RNA-seq links CDR3 length to T cell differentiation state.
Vaccination coverage among social and healthcare workers in ten countries of Samu-social international sites.
[Zika Virus: A Review to Clinicians].
Detection of Enriched T Cell Epitope Specificity in Full T Cell Receptor Sequence Repertoires.
Vector distribution and transmission risk of the Zika virus in South and Central America.
Changing patterns in the distribution of the Mayaro virus vector Haemagogus species in Trinidad, West Indies.
RNase L Antiviral Activity Is Not a Critical Component of the Oas1b-Mediated Flavivirus Resistance Phenotype.
Presumptive self-diagnosis of malaria and other febrile illnesses in Sierra Leone.
Diffusing wild type and sterile mosquitoes in an optimal control setting.
Arilvax (PowderJect).
Synthetic miRNAs induce dual arboviral-resistance phenotypes in the vector mosquito <i>Aedes aegypti</i>.
Using recombinant DNA technology for the development of live-attenuated dengue vaccines.
Aspects on the history of transmission and favor of distribution of viruses by iatrogenic action: perhaps an example of a paradigm of the worldwide spread of HIV.
Binding of flavivirus nonstructural protein NS1 to C4b binding protein modulates complement activation.
Systematic analysis of protein identity between Zika virus and other arthropod-borne viruses.
Letter to Baron Klöest in Answer to the Berlin Prize Question on Yellow Fever.
In search of flavivirus inhibitors: evaluation of different tritylated nucleoside analogues.
Influence of the 2014-2015 Ebola outbreak on the vaccination of children in a rural district of Guinea.
Cloning, sequencing and functional expression of an acetylcholinesterase gene from the yellow fever mosquito Aedes aegypti.
Current Problems in Pediatric and Adolescent Health Care. Mosquito-borne diseases. Foreword.
Can patients on methotrexate receive live vaccines?
Mycobacterium ulcerans toxin, mycolactone may enhance host-seeking and oviposition behaviour by Aedes aegypti (L.) (Diptera: Culicidae).
Synthesis and insecticidal activity of novel pyrimidine derivatives containing urea pharmacophore against Aedes aegypti.
Detection of a new pyrethroid resistance mutation (V410L) in the sodium channel of Aedes aegypti: a potential challenge for mosquito control.
Yankees versus Yellow Jack in New Orleans, 1862-1866.
2018 in review: five hot topics in tropical medicine.
Arboviral diseases and malaria in Australia, 2014–15: Annual report of the National Arbovirus and Malaria Advisory Committee
House screening with insecticide-treated netting provides sustained reductions in domestic populations of Aedes aegypti in Merida, Mexico.
Epidemic arboviral diseases: priorities for research and public health.
Does Zika virus infection affect mosquito response to repellents?
Medicine-Remittent Fever in Mekong-Yellow Fever and Its Treatment-Bile as a Culture Medium-Treatment of Liver Abscess-Suicide in Old Age-Antipyrine Erythema-Codeine in the Treatment of the Morphine Habit-Permanganate of Potassium in Opium Poisoning-The Prevention of Asiatic Cholera-Chloride of Calcium in Hæmophilia-The Absence of the First Sound of the Heart in Typhoid Fever-Vaccination of School Children-Suicide and the Law.
Flavivirus transmission focusing on Zika.
Viral Exploration of Negative Acute Febrile Cases Observed during Chikungunya Outbreaks in Gabon.
Epidemiological Surveillance of Viral Hemorrhagic Fevers With Emphasis on Clinical Virology.
Characterization of mitochondrial genome of Haemagogus janthinomys (Diptera: Culicidae).
A craving for sugar hastens slavery in the West.
The Dengue Virus Nonstructural Protein 1 (NS1) Is Secreted from Mosquito Cells in Association with the Intracellular Cholesterol Transporter Chaperone Caveolin Complex.
Development of a TaqMan Array Card for Acute-Febrile-Illness Outbreak Investigation and Surveillance of Emerging Pathogens, Including Ebola Virus.
Synthesis and insecticidal activity of acridone derivatives to Aedes aegypti and Culex quinquefasciatus larvae and non-target aquatic species.
DETECTION OF HUMAN ANTI-ZIKA VIRUS IgG BY ELISA USING AN ANTIGEN FROM in vitro INFECTED VERO CELLS: PRELIMINARY RESULTS.
Domestic understanding of the revised International Health Regulations.
Assessing the Surveillance System for Priority Zoonotic Diseases in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, 2017.
Live-attenuated Tetravalent Dengue Vaccine in Dengue-naïve Children, Adolescents, and Adults in Mexico City: Randomized Controlled Phase 1 Trial of Safety and Immunogenicity.
Vaccinations for the pediatric traveler.
Lassa fever vaccine.
Health conditions for travellers to Saudi Arabia for the pilgrimage to Mecca (Hajj).
[One-hundred anniversary of the decoration of Dr Carlos J. Finlay with medal Mary Kingsley].
Structures of immature flavivirus particles.
DENGUE OUTBREAK IN MATO GROSSO STATE, MIDWESTERN BRAZIL.
High prevalence of clinically unsuspected dengue disease among children in Ribeirao Preto city, Brazil.
Expanded table: Some vaccines for travelers.
Effects of the Environmental Temperature on <i>Aedes aegypti</i> and <i>Aedes albopictus</i> Mosquitoes: A Review.
Aedes aegypti genomics.
Blood Trials: Transfusions, Injections, and Experiments in Africa, 1890-1920.
Phenolic content, antioxidant potential and Aedes aegyptii ecological friend larvicidal activity of some selected Egyptian plants.
Oviposition ecology and species composition of Aedes spp. and Aedes aegypti dynamics in variously urbanized settings in arbovirus foci in southeastern Côte d'Ivoire.
Prevention and Control of Worldwide Mosquito-Borne Illnesses: Nurses as Teachers
A short voyage into the past: former misconceptions and misinterpretations in the etiology of some viral diseases.
Pathogenicity and neurovirulence of a mutagen-attenuated Rift Valley fever vaccine in rhesus monkeys.
Aleixo de Abreu [1568-1630], author of the earliest book on tropical medicine describing amoebiasis, malaria, typhoid fever, scurvy, yellow fever, dracontiasis, trichuriasis and tungiasis in 1623.
Demonstration: Preparations Illustrating the Causes of the Tick Paralysis of British Columbia, Rocky Mountain Fever, Infective Jaundice and Yellow Fever.
Some Particulars of a Case of Disease, Exhibiting Phenomena Not Very Dissimilar to Those Evinced in the Yellow Fever of the West Indies, or in That Which Has Been Called the Bulam Fever.
[History and daily life: "fevers" and public health. The annus horribilis in Rio de Janeiro].
Model System for the Formation of Tick-Borne Encephalitis Virus Replication Compartments without Viral RNA Replication.
Discovery of Point Mutations in the Voltage-Gated Sodium Channel from African Aedes aegypti Populations: Potential Phylogenetic Reasons for Gene Introgression.
[On the abominable profession of being a vampire: Emílio Goeldi and Mosquitos in Pará (1905)].
The Report of the New Orleans Medical and Surgical Association on Propositions Submitted by the Executive Committee upon Questions Relating to Prevention of the Spread of Diphtheria, Scarlet Fever, Yellow Fever, Measles, Small-Pox, etc.
The History, Diagnosis, and Treatment of Typhoid and Typhus Fever; with an Essay on the Diagnosis of Bilious Remittent and Yellow Fever.
Observations on the Tropical Endemic Fever, Commonly Termed the Yellow Fever of the West Indies, during the Year 1823.
On the Stations Nosologically Assigned to Synocha, or Inflammatory Fever, and to the West India Yellow Fever.
Artificial blood feeders for mosquito and ticks-Where from, where to?
Multicentric cutaneous keratoacanthomas in a free-living marmoset (Callithrix sp.).
A modest physician and his outrageous theory.
Partial purification of plasma phenoloxidase of the yellow fever mosquito Aedes aegypti L. (Diptera: Culicidae).
Sequential immunization with heterologous chimeric flaviviruses induces broad-spectrum cross-reactive CD8+ T cell responses.
Anti-Infectious Human Vaccination in Historical Perspective.
[Laboratory diagnosis of viral infections. 8. Viral hemorrhagic fever].
Spontaneous pulmonary adenosquamous carcinoma in a free-living black capuchin monkey (Sapajus nigritus).
[Epidemiology of jungle fever in South America].
Live attenuated herpes zoster vaccine for HIV-infected adults.
A Rapid and Improved Method to Generate Recombinant Dengue Virus Vaccine Candidates.
Preparing children for international travel.
Hierarchical Virtual Screening of Potential Insectides Inhibitors of Acetylcholinesterase and Juvenile Hormone from Temephos.
Hepatocellular carcinoma in a free-living marmoset (Callithrix sp.) with concomitant biliary trematodiasis.
Development of an eco-friendly mosquitocidal agent from Alangium salvifolium against the dengue vector Aedes aegypti and its biosafety on the aquatic predator.
Fluorescence Adherence Inhibition Assay: A Novel Functional Assessment of Blocking Virus Attachment by Vaccine-Induced Antibodies.
Global Advisory Committee on Vaccine Safety,12–13 June 2013.
Dengue vaccine: hypotheses to understand CYD-TDV-induced protection.
A Phase II, Randomized, Double-blind, Controlled Safety and Immunogenicity Trial of Typhoid Conjugate Vaccine in Children Under 2 Years of Age in Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso: A Methods Paper.
Toxicity of extracts from three Tagetes against adults and larvae of yellow fever mosquito and Anopheles stephensi (Diptera: Culicidae).
Sialokinin I and II: vasodilatory tachykinins from the yellow fever mosquito Aedes aegypti.
Arachidonic acid and prostaglandin E2 in Malpighian tubules of female yellow fever mosquitoes.
Characterization of a vasodilator from the salivary glands of the yellow fever mosquito Aedes aegypti.
Multiple forms of cerebral peptides with steroidogenic functions in pupal and adult brains of the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
A simple method of identifying organophosphate insecticide resistance in adults of the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
In reply: yellow Fever research.
Macrogeographic genetic variation in a human commensal: Aedes aegypti, the yellow fever mosquito.
[New regioselective synthesis of racemic 7,11-dimethyloctadecane--an ovipositon attractant for the yellow fever mosquito (Aedes aegypti)].
Linkage relationships between an esterase locus and group II markers in the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti (Diptera: Culicidae).
A world-wide survey of genetic variation in the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
Coeloconic sensilla on the antennae of the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti (L.).
Monkeypox, yellow fever: Introduction.
Precocious sexual receptivity induced by a juvenile hormone analog in females of the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
Effect of biotin on the fertility of the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti (L.).
Yellow Fever Again!
Yellow Fever in Africa.
Yellow fever in Africa: Introduction.
Heparin in Yellow Fever.
Report on the Recent Outbreak of Jungle Yellow Fever in Panama.
Epidemiology of Yellow Fever.
International Forms of Certificates of Vaccination against Smallpox and Inoculation against Cholera and Yellow Fever.
Yellow Fever in New York City.
Yellow Fever Epidemiology and Control.
Public Health Implications of Tropical and Imported Diseases : Yellow Fever and Typhus and the Possibility of Their Introduction into the United States.
PERSISTENCE OF YELLOW FEVER VIRUS IN THE BRAINS OF MONKEYS IMMUNIZED BY CEREBRAL INOCULATION.
YELLOW FEVER AND ITS INFLUENCE ON THE DEVELOPMENT OF NEW ORLEANS.
AEDES AEGYPTI LINNAEUS, THE YELLOW FEVER MOSQUITO, IN CENTRAL MISSOURI.
The Yellow Fever Position.
The New Jersey Mosquito and Yellow Fever.
THE BEHAVIOR OF THE VIRUS OF YELLOW FEVER IN THE MOSQUITO, AEDES TRISERIATUS.
The Airplane and Yellow Fever.
The Mosquito Hypothetically Considered as an Agent in the Transmission of Yellow Fever Poison.
Yellow Fever.
The Inheritance of Susceptibility to Yellow Fever Encephalitis in Mice.
Permanent Value of Major Walter Reed's Work on Yellow Fever.
Air Traffic and Yellow Fever.
Yellow Fever, as seen by the Medical Officers of the Royal Navy in the Nineteenth Century.
RECENT ADVANCES IN THE KNOWLEDGE OF YELLOW FEVER.
THE CONGRESSIONAL AWARD TO THE YELLOW FEVER COMMISSION.
The Behavior of the Virus of Yellow Fever in Monkeys and Mice.
Observations on LABORATORY AND HOSPITAL INFECTIONS WITH YELLOW FEVER IN ENGLAND.
Regeneration of Liver and Kidney Following Yellow Fever.
The Pathology of the Spleen in Yellow Fever.
THE MYOCARDIUM IN YELLOW FEVER.
THE EXPERIMENTAL TRANSMISSION OF YELLOW FEVER BY MOSQUITOES.
Laboratory Studies of Yellow Fever.
The Yellow Fever Danger.
YELLOW FEVER VIRUS.
FEDERAL PENSIONS AND HONORS FOR YELLOW FEVER WORK.
The Pathology of Experimental Yellow Fever in the Macacus Rhesus: I. Gross Pathology.
THE PRESERVATION OF YELLOW FEVER VIRUS.
The Spleen in West African Yellow Fever.
YELLOW FEVER.
ANNIVERSARY OF THE CONQUEST OF YELLOW FEVER.
The Present Sanitary Conditions at Guayaquil with Special Reference to Yellow Fever.
Notes on Two Cases reported as Yellow Fever.
ETIOLOGY OF YELLOW FEVER : XIII. BEHAVIOR OF THE HEART IN THE EXPERIMENTAL INFECTION OF GUINEA PIGS AND MONKEYS WITH LEPTOSPIRA ICTEROIDES AND LEPTOSPIRA ICTEROHAEMORRHAGIAE.
THE CARRIER OF YELLOW FEVER: (STEGOMYIA CALOPUS).
REMARKS ON THE WASHINGTON SANITARY CONVENTION OF 1905: WITH SPECIAL REFERENCE TO YELLOW FEVER AND CHOLERA.
A FALSE ALARM OF YELLOW FEVER AND HOW IT WAS MET BY THE HEALTH DEPARTMENT.
YELLOW FEVER HAS DISAPPEARED FROM THE MEXICAN REPUBLIC.
The History of Yellow Fever in West Africa.
The History of Yellow Fever in West Africa.
PROOF OF THE ENDEMIC ORIGIN OF YELLOW FEVER IN WEST AFRICA.
The Campaign against Yellow Fever on the Isthmus of Tehuantepec.
Yellow Fever in Mexico.
Yellow Fever.
Difficulties of Recognition and Prevention of Yellow Fever.
YELLOW FEVER AND THE PANAMA CANAL.
Notes on Yellow Fever.
The Origin of Sporadic Cases of Yellow Fever at Long Periods.
The Diagnosis and Prevention of Yellow Fever.
A Victory over Yellow Fever.
Preliminary Report on Cells Found in Yellow Fever.
Yellow Fever.
EXPERIMENTAL STUDIES IN YELLOW FEVER AND MALARIA AT VERA CRUZ.
Some New Points in the Etiology and Symptomatology of Yellow Fever.
Yellow Fever in Mexico.
The Microbe of Yellow Fever.
ETIOLOGY OF YELLOW FEVER.
The Relation of the Panama Canal to the Introduction of Yellow Fever into Asia.
New Aspects of Yellow Fever Etiology Arising from Experimental Findings of the Last Three Years.
Some Characteristics of the Stegomyia Fasciata which Affect its Conveyance of Yellow Fever.
Reports on the Orizaba (Mexico) Yellow Fever Epidemics.
Reasons for Believing that the Only Way in Nature for Yellow Fever to be Contracted by Man is from the Mosquito.
YELLOW FEVER.
Yellow Fever.
Fomites and Yellow Fever.
Practical Discussion of Yellow Fever.
The Prevention of Yellow Fever.
YELLOW FEVER AND MOSQUITOES.
Yellow Fever.
YELLOW FEVER AND MOSQUITOES.
The Etiology of Yellow Fever-A Preliminary Note.
THE BACILLUS ICTEROIDES AS THE CAUSE OF YELLOW FEVER.
Yellow Fever is a Preventable Disease.
Disinfection in Yellow Fever.
Seventh Report on Yellow Fever.
Report of the Committee on the Etiology of Yellow Fever.
SANARELLI'S WORK UPON YELLOW FEVER.
Contribution to the Study of Yellow Fever from a Medico-Geographical Point of View.
Contribution to the Study of Yellow Fever in Relation to Epidemics in Cordova.
Report of Committee on Yellow Fever.
Contribution to the Study of Yellow Fever in Connection with its Medical Geography and Prophylaxis in the Mexican Republic.
Contribution to the Study of Yellow Fever.
Report of the International Committee on the Prevention of the Spread of Yellow Fever.
Prevention of the Spread of Yellow Fever.
Treatment of Yellow Fever.
On the Microbian Doctrine of Yellow Fever.
Transmission of Yellow Fever by the Mosquito. Hydrofluoric Inhalations in Phthisis.
Outbreak of Yellow Fever in Sierra Leone, 1884.
The Pensacola Yellow Fever Epidemic of 1882.
A Few Remarks on Yellow Fever, and on the Movement of Troops.
The Yellow Fever Epidemic at New Orleans in 1878.
Salicylic Acid in Yellow Fever.
A New Method of Investigation into the Causes of Yellow Fever upon the Basis of Similar Densities.
Municipal Sanitation as Practised in Mobile for Preventing the Spread of Yellow Fever.
Yellow Fever Epidemic in Memphis, 1879.
Note concerning the Omitted Papers, Reports, and Discussions Relating to Work of the Commission to Investigate Yellow Fever.
The Prophylactic Treatment of Individuals as a Means of Preventing Epidemics of Yellow Fever or other Infective Diseases.
Views on the Subject of Prevention of Yellow Fever.
A Study of the Yellow Fever Epidemic of 1876, as it Affected the State of Georgia.
Report on the Yellow Fever in Nashville, Tenn., September and October, 1878.
On the Geographical Element in the Etiology of Yellow Fever, and its Bearing upon Prevention.
Yellow Fever as it Existed in Chattanooga, Tenn. Its Origin, Progress, and the Probable Remedy for its Abatement in the Future.
History of the Importation of Yellow Fever into the United States, from 1693 to 1878.
Notes on an Epidemic of Malarious Yellow Fever occurring on board H.M.S. 'Doris,' shortly after leaving Port Royal, Jamaica, May 18th, 1873.
Yellow Fever on the Dry Tortugas.
Some Account of Yellow Fever as it Appeared in New Orleans in 1873.
An Account of Yellow Fever as it Prevailed in Mobile and Vicinity in 1873.
Notes on Cases of Yellow Fever in St Kitts, W.I., during 1868, '69, '70.
Yellow Fever at the Havanna, Its Nature and Treatment.
On the Cause, Malignancy, and Persistence of Yellow Fever Aboard Ship.
Yellow Fever at Bermuda.
Report on the Yellow Fever Epidemic at Wilmington, N. C., in the Autumn of 1862.
On the Spotted-Hæmorrhagic Yellow Fever of the Peruvian Andes, in 1853-57.
Observations on Yellow Fever.
Observations on Yellow Fever.
Observations on the Outbreak of Yellow Fever among the Troops at Newcastle, Jamaica, in the Latter Part of 1856.
Notes on the Transportability of Yellow Fever, or Black Vomit.
On some points of the Pathology and Treatment of Yellow Fever.
An Essay on the Yellow Fever, as It Has Occurred in Charleston, Including Its Origin and Progress up to the Present Time.
Some Account of the Last Yellow Fever Epidemic of British Guiana.
Observations upon Bulam, Vomito-Negro, or Yellow Fever; with a Review of 'A Report upon the Diseases of the African Coast, by Sir William Burnett and Dr. Bryson,' Proving Its Highly Contagious Powers.
Observations on the Nature, Causes, and Treatment of Yellow Fever.
An Account of the Yellow Fever Which Appeared in the City of Galveston, Republic of Texas, in the Autumn of 1839, with Cases and Dissections.
Anatomical, Pathological, and Therapeutic Researches on the Yellow Fever of Gibraltar of 1828.
Mr. O'Halloran on the Yellow Fever of Andalusia, during the Epidemic of 1820.
On the Anatomical State of the Skin and Subcutaneous Cellular Tissue, in Yellow Fever.
Dr. Jackson on the Epidemic Yellow Fever of Cadiz and the South Coasts of Spain.
History of the Progress, and Inquiry into the Causes of the Yellow Fever, as it appeared in the Island of Antigua in the Year 1816.
Report of the Board of Health at New York, on the Yellow Fever at Perth-Amboy.
Observations on the Yellow Fever.
Dr. Lafuente's Method of Curing Yellow Fever.
An Account of Resuscitation, in a Case of Supposed Death from Yellow Fever.
The Yellow Fever.
Observations on the Treatment of the Malignant Yellow Fever, Which Prevailed Partially in the City and Liberties of Philadelphia, in the Summer and Autumn of 1802.
A Treatise on the Yellow Fever, as It Appeared in Dominica in 1793 and 1796.
Epidemiology of Imported Infectious Diseases, China, 2005-2016.
Study protocol for the multicentre cohorts of Zika virus infection in pregnant women, infants, and acute clinical cases in Latin America and the Caribbean: the ZIKAlliance consortium.
Viral Hemorrhagic Fevers Other than Ebola and Lassa.
Toxicity mechanism of frog mosquito repellent: electron transfer and radical species--useful aspects.
Ecuador Paraiso Escondido Virus, a New Flavivirus Isolated from New World Sand Flies in Ecuador, Is the First Representative of a Novel Clade in the Genus Flavivirus.
Toxicity of newly synthesized pyrethroids against the yellow fever mosquito larvae, Aedes aegypti (Diptera: Culicidae).
Selection of the yellow fever mosquito Aedes aegypti for cheap and easy maintenance without bloodmeals.
Early epidemiology: yellow Fever in the north.
Linkage relationships between a low-mobility esterase locus and group I markers in larvae of the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti (Diptera: Culicidae).
[Thermal stability of lyophilized 17D yellow fever virus vaccine. I. Trial of protective substances].
Yellow Fever research.
Effects of benzylphenol and benzyl-1,3-benzodioxole derivatives on fertility and longevity of the yellow fever mosquito (Diptera:Culicidae).
Systems analysis of the yellow fever mosquito Aedes aegypti.
The control of the diuresis following a blood meal in females of the yellow fever mosquito Aedes aegypti (L).
An application of mathematical modelling to the study of reproductive adaptations in the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
Translocation homozygotes in the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
Neutralizing antibody responses in the major immunoglobulin classes to yellow fever 17D vaccination of humans.
The fine structure of the gregarine Lankesteria culicis parasitic in the yellow fever mosquito Aedes aegypti.
Lethal effects of synthetic juvenile hormone on larvae of the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
Long-term effects of acute low-level x-rays on the population dynamics of the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
DEMONSTRATION OF VIRAL INCLUSION BODIES IN UNSTAINED TISSUE SECTIONS WITH THE AID OF THE PHASE MICROSCOPE I. : The Inclusion Bodies of Yellow Fever, Herpes Simplex, Fowl Pox, and Distemper.
Use of Anticoagulants in the Treatment of Experimental Yellow Fever.
Yellow Fever Vaccination, Simple or Associated with Vaccination Against Smallpox, of the Populations of French West Africa by the Method of the Pasteur Institute of Dakar.
Intranuclear Inclusions in Panleukopenia of Cats: A Correlation with the Pathogenesis of the Disease and Comparison with Inclusions of Herpes, B-Virus, Yellow Fever, and Burns.
Experiments on the Transmission of an Icterogenic Agent in Yellow Fever Vaccine to Horses and Swine.
Yellow Fever in Africa.
Yellow Fever.
YELLOW FEVER VIRUS IN JUNGLE MOSQUITOES.
Carlos Finaly's Contribution to the Epidemiology of Yellow Fever.
The Newer Epidemiology of Yellow Fever.
A Partial Purification of Yellow Fever Virus Through Adsorption and Elution.
The Microincineration of Intranuclear Inclusions in Yellow Fever.
Yellow Fever Encephalitis of the Monkey (Macacus Rhesus).
SUPPLEMENTAL NOTE REGARDING MOSQUITO VECTORS OF EXPERIMENTAL YELLOW FEVER.
The Airplane and Yellow Fever.
SUSCEPTIBILITY OF WHITE MICE TO THE VIRUS OF YELLOW FEVER.
The Cultivation of Treponemata from the Blood of Normal Monkeys (Macacus Rhesus) and from the Blood of Monkeys Infected with Yellow Fever.
Yellow Fever Awards.
INTRANUCLEAR INCLUSIONS IN YELLOW FEVER.
On Yellow Fever.
Myocardial Degenerations in Yellow Fever.
The Pathology of Experimental Yellow Fever in the Macacus Rhesus: II. Microscopic Pathology.
A YELLOW FEVER VACCINE.
THE CAUSE OF YELLOW FEVER.
YELLOW FEVER IN AFRICA.
NEW ORLEANS AND YELLOW FEVER.
YELLOW FEVER IN MEXICO.
The Campaign Against Yellow Fever in Mexico.
Leptospira Icteroides and Yellow Fever.
ETIOLOGY OF YELLOW FEVER : VIII. PRESENCE OF A LEPTOSPIRA IN WILD ANIMALS IN GUAYAQUIL AND ITS RELATION TO LEPTOSPIRA ICTEROHAEMORRHAGIAE AND LEPTOSPIRA ICTEROIDES.
YELLOW FEVER.
Dr. Carlos J. Finlay: Discoverer of the Theory of the Transmission of Yellow Fever by the Mosquito, His Biography.
YELLOW FEVER IN MEXICO.
Experiments and Observations on Yellow Fever.
YELLOW FEVER COMMISSION (WEST AFRICA), 1913.
ANNUAL REPORT ON THE CONDITION OF YELLOW FEVER THROUGH-OUT THE MEXICAN REPUBLIC.
INSPECTION OF FEBRILE PATIENTS NON-IMMUNES TO YELLOW FEVER AND INSPECTION SERVICE OF PASSENGERS FROM THE MEDITERRANEAN PORTS.
ANNUAL REPORT ON YELLOW FEVER IN THE MEXICAN REPUBLIC.
The History of Yellow Fever in West Africa.
Report on Yellow Fever in the Mexican Republic from the 16th of August, 1909, to Date.
Utility of the Domiciliary Visit in the Campaign against Yellow Fever.
Notification and Morbility Returns in Cuba with Special Reference to Yellow Fever and Other Major Infectious Diseases.
The Practical Results of Reed's Findings on Yellow Fever Transmission.
SYMPOSIUM ON YELLOW FEVER AND OTHER INSECT-BORNE DISEASES.
The Yellow Fever Epidemic in New Orleans in 1905.
Notes on the Hygiene of Yellow Fever.
The Yellow Fever Epidemic of 1905 in New Orleans.
Brief Notes on the Propagation of Yellow Fever.
Yellow Fever.
STEGOMYIA AND YELLOW FEVER--A CONTRAST.
Yellow Fever.
Yellow Fever in Mexico.
Lessons to be Learned from the Present Outbreak of Yellow Fever in Louisiana.
A Tribute to Carlos J. Finlay for his Distinguished Services to Science and Humanity in the Discovery of the Mode of Propagation of Yellow Fever.
Mosquitoes and Yellow Fever.
THE ANIMAL PARASITE SUPPOSED TO BE THE CAUSE OF YELLOW FEVER.
THE ANIMAL PARASITE SUPPOSED TO BE THE CAUSE OF YELLOW FEVER.
The Treatment of Yellow Fever.
AMERICAN YELLOW FEVER EXPEDITION.
Yellow Fever.
Quarantine Regulations should be Based against Yellow Fever upon the Doctrine that it is Only Conveyed by the Mosquito.
Concerning the Geographic Distribution of the Yellow Fever Mosquito.
Period of the Disease in Man during which Yellow Fever can be Transmitted to the Mosquito.
Comments on the Report of the Committee on the Etiology of Yellow Fever.
Report of Committee on Etiology of Yellow Fever.
Recent Researches concerning the Etiology, Propagation, and Prevention of Yellow Fever, by the United States Army Commission.
The Disinfection of Railroad Cars as a Precautionary Measure against the Propagation of Yellow Fever by Mosquitoes.
Report on Yellow Fever in the Republic of Mexico from October 31, 1901, to September 30, 1902.
The Method of Transmission of Yellow Fever from Man to Man.
Yellow Fever: Precautions to Be Taken in Countries Where It Is Prevalent.
Yellow Fever at Rio.
The Yellow Fever Experiments in Havanna.
Tenth Report on Yellow Fever in Mexico.
The Results of Yellow Fever Sanitation in Havana, Cuba, for the Year 1901 up to September 1st, Carried on upon the Basis that the Stegomyia Mosquito is the Sole Means of its Transmission.
Ninth Report on the Yellow Fever on the Coast of the Mexican Gulf.
Report of Committee on the Etiology of Yellow Fever.
Eighth Report Presented to the Committee on the Etiology of Yellow Fever.
Arrangement of the Sanitary Stations which the Board of Health Proposes to Establish to Prevent the Propagation of Yellow Fever.
Report of Committee on the Etiology of Yellow Fever.
Remarks on Yellow Fever in Jamaica.
Yellow Fever.
Etiology of Yellow Fever.
The Serum Treatment of Yellow Fever.
The Serumtherapy of Yellow Fever.
Yellow Fever.
A Lecture on Yellow Fever. With a Description of the Bacillus Icteroides: Delivered before the University of Montevideo on June 10th, 1897.
Recent Researches Relating to the Etiology and Specific Treatment of Yellow Fever.
Contribution to the Study of Yellow Fever from a Medico-Geographical Point of View.
Prophylaxis of Yellow Fever.
An Experimental Study in Relation to the Removal from the Air of the Dust or Particulate Material supposed to produce Yellow Fever, Small-Pox, and other Infectious Diseases.
Practical Experiences in Regard to the Infection of Vessels with Yellow Fever at Havana.
Report on Yellow Fever in Key West, Fla., in 1880.
Yellow Fever and Quarantine.
Remarks on the Diagnosis and Cause of Yellow Fever.
On Yellow Fever.
May not Yellow Fever Originate in the United States?: An Etiological Study of the Epidemic at Savannah in 1876.
Etiology of Yellow Fever, with Remarks on Quarantine.
The Yellow Fever Quarantine of the Future, as Organized upon the Portability of Atmospheric Germs and upon the Non-Contagiousness of the Disease.
How to Deal with a First Case and Early Cases of Yellow Fever, when, in Spite of Precautions, it has Made its Appearance.
Propositions Relative to the Etiology of Yellow Fever.
Memorandum concerning the Refugee Cases of Yellow Fever in Philadelphia, 1878.
The Quarantine at Little Rock, Arkansas, during August, September, and October, 1878, against the Yellow Fever Epidemic in Memphis and the Mississippi Valley.
Disinfection in Yellow Fever, as Practiced in New Orleans: Evidence of its Efficacy.
Yellow Fever in Pensacola, Fla., in 1873-4-5.
What to Do against Yellow Fever.
A Report on Yellow Fever as it Appeared in Memphis, Tenn., in 1873.
The Distribution and Natural History of Yellow Fever as it has Occurred at Different Times in the United States.
On Yellow Fever in Relation to the Home Population.
Official Report of the Committee Appointed to Inquire into the Origin and Spread of the Yellow Fever in Bermuda in 1864.
On the Yellow Fever Epidemics of Bermuda.
Sketch of the Geography of Epidemic Yellow Fever Since the Close of Last Century.
Report on the Yellow Fever Epidemic at Wilmington, N. C., in the Autumn of 1862.
Notes on the Recent Prevalence of Yellow Fever in Several of H.M. Ships on the West India Station; and the Recent Introduction of the Disease into the Port of Halifax, with Remarks on the Climate, Etc., of Halifax.
On Yellow Fever in the West Indies and West Coast of America.
On the Recent Introduction of Yellow Fever into Port Royal, Jamaica.
Report of the Epidemic Yellow Fever at Lisbon in 1857.
Report on the Pathology, Therapeutics, and General Ætiology of the Epidemic of Yellow Fever Which Prevailed at Lisbon during the Latter Half of the Year 1857.
Report of the Sanitary Commission of New Orleans on the Epidemic Yellow Fever of 1853.
Report on the First Eighteen Months of the Yellow Fever Epidemic of British Guiana: Chapter I.
Report on the First Eighteen Months of the Yellow Fever Epidemic of British Guiana: Chapter IX.
Rise and Progress of Yellow Fever in Peru.
Second Report on Quarantine-Yellow Fever; with Appendices, by the General Board of Health; Presented to Both Houses of Parliament, by Command of Her Majesty.
Report on the Fevers of New Orleans-Particularly the Yellow Fever of 1849.
Dr. Bone on Yellow Fever, &c.
Minutes of Evidence Taken before a Commission Appointed to Investigate the Origin of the Late Yellow Fever Epidemic at Gibraltar.
Remarks on Dr. M'Kinnal's Report of the Yellow Fever on Board the Sybille Frigate.
On the Yellow Fever of Fernando Po.
Account of the Yellow Fever, as It Appeared in the Queen's Regiment, in Barbadoes, in 1816 and 1817.
Remarks on the Epidemic Yellow Fever, Which Has Appeared at Intervals on the South Coasts of Spain, Since the Year 1800.
Dr. O'Halloran on the Yellow Fever of the South and East Coasts of Spain.
Description of the Yellow Fever, as Observed during Its Prevalence in This City (Addressed to the Medical and Chirurgical Society of Cadiz, Who Requested the Memoirs in Reply to the Question as to Its Nature, Importation, and Contagion).
On the Contagious Nature of the Yellow Fever.
Report to the Transport Board on the Subject of Yellow Fever.
An inquiry into the Origin and Nature of the Yellow Fever, as it has lately appeared in the West Indies, with Official Documents relating to this subject.
Cursory Observations on the Treatment of Yellow Fever, in Answer to the Queries of the Editors.
Reply to the "Inquiry into the Exactness of Some Statements Made by Messrs Nagle and Wilson, Naval Surgeons, Respecting Their Extraordinary Success in the Treatment of Yellow Fever."
Dr. O'Leary, on Yellow Fever.
Strictures on Dr. Grant's Latin Edition of His Essay on Yellow Fever.
Mr. Brown, on the Contagious Nature of Yellow Fever.
Dr. Rush's Recantation Respecting Yellow Fever.
On Spirit of Turpentine in the Yellow Fever.
Mr. Noble, on the Yellow Fever.
On the Contagiousness or Non-Contagiousness of Yellow Fever.
<i>Some</i> Remarks <i>on the</i> Origin <i>and</i> Progress <i>of the</i> Malignant Yellow Fever, <i>as It Appeared in the Village of Catskill, State of New-York, during the Summer and Autumn of</i> 1803: <i>In a Letter from Dr.</i> Benjamin W. Dwight <i>to</i> Eneas Monson, <i>M. D. of New-Haven, Connecticut</i>.
Some Remarks on the Origin and Progress of the Malignant Yellow Fever, as It Appeared in the Village of Catskill, State of New York, during the Summer and Autumn of 1803, in a Letter from Dr. Benjamin W. Dwight to Dr. Eneas Monson, of New-Haven, Connecticut.
Observations on the Yellow Fever.
A Short History of the Yellow Fever Which Prevailed at Norfolk in the Months of August, September, and October, 1801; with Some Account of the Diseases That Preceded and Followed Its Appearance.
Dr. Harris, on the Yellow Fever.
Letters on the Yellow Fever, Addressed to Joseph Wilson, Esq; American Consul.
Vaccines Through Centuries: Major Cornerstones of Global Health.
The Conserved Molecular Determinants of Virulence in Dengue Virus.
Transcriptional Profile of <i>Aedes aegypti</i> Leucine-Rich Repeat Proteins in Response to Zika and Chikungunya Viruses.
Insect-specific flaviviruses, a worldwide widespread group of viruses only detected in insects.
Find the right sample: A study on the versatility of saliva and urine samples for the diagnosis of emerging viruses.
Dynamic T cell migration program provides resident memory within intestinal epithelium.
Ecological characterization of Aedes aegypti larval habitats (Diptera: Culicidae) in artificial water containers in Girardot, Colombia.
Laboratory Evaluation of a Novel Lethal Ovitrap for Control of Aedes aegypti.
Severe dengue in travellers: pathogenesis, risk and clinical management.
[Dominance of Aedes aegypti over Aedes albopictus in the southeastern coast of Brazil].
Optimization of a dendritic cell-based assay for the in vitro priming of naïve human CD4+ T cells.
[Recent Trends in Infection and Related Examinations: Infectious Diseases and Their Control in Other Countries (General Remarks)].
Vectors of Chikungunya virus in Senegal: current data and transmission cycles.
Cable: James Carroll to The Surgeon General, October 22, 1901.
Memorandum: Henry R. Carter to Jesse Lazear, undated.
Development and characterization of mouse monoclonal antibodies against monomeric dengue virus non-structural glycoprotein 1 (NS1).
Immunization with Immune Complexes Modulates the Fine Specificity of Antibody Responses to a Flavivirus Antigen.
Geminiviral vectors based on bean yellow dwarf virus for production of vaccine antigens and monoclonal antibodies in plants.
Wingbeat Frequency-Sweep and Visual Stimuli for Trapping Male Aedes aegypti (Diptera: Culicidae).
Aedes aegypti (Diptera: Culicidae) in Mauritania: First Report on the Presence of the Arbovirus Mosquito Vector in Nouakchott.
Novel histopathological and molecular effects of natural compound pellitorine on larval midgut epithelium and anal gills of Aedes aegypti.
Insecticidal Activity and Insect Repellency of Four Species of Sea Lily (Comatulida: Comatulidae) From Taiwan.
Storm drains as larval development and adult resting sites for Aedes aegypti and Aedes albopictus in Salvador, Brazil.
[Updating of the distribution of Aedes albopictus in Brazil (1997-2002)].
Structure of an odorant-binding protein from the mosquito Aedes aegypti suggests a binding pocket covered by a pH-sensitive "Lid".
Development of a consensus microarray method for identification of some highly pathogenic viruses.
Co-protoporphyrin IX and Sn-protoporphyrin IX inactivate Zika, Chikungunya and other arboviruses by targeting the viral envelope.
Ancient treatment for lice: a source of suggestions for carriers of other infectious diseases?
[Detection of Aedes (Stegomyia) Aegypti L. mosquitoes in Sochi city].
Pyrethroid resistance in the dengue vector Aedes aegypti in Southeast Asia: present situation and prospects for management.
Anti-rabies vaccination between the 18<sup>th</sup> and 19<sup>th</sup> centuries and its pioneer Eusebio Giacinto Valli (1755-1816).
Chemical composition, Aedes mosquito larvicidal activity, and repellent activity against Triatoma rubrofasciata of Severinia monophylla leaf essential oil.
Military Officers, Tropical Medicine, and Racial Thought in the Formation of the West India Regiments, 1793-1802.
Substrate specificity and transport mechanism of amino-acid transceptor Slimfast from Aedes aegypti.
Vaccination as a triggering event for autoimmune hepatitis.
New Records of Aedes aegypti In Southern Oklahoma, 2016.
Viral entry route determines how human plasmacytoid dendritic cells produce type I interferons.
Interspecies transmission and chikungunya virus emergence.
Development of single step RT-PCR for detection of Kyasanur forest disease virus from clinical samples.
Magnetic nanoparticles are highly toxic to chloroquine-resistant Plasmodium falciparum, dengue virus (DEN-2), and their mosquito vectors.
The Many Faces of the Flavivirus NS5 Protein in Antagonism of Type I Interferon Signaling.
Concurrent malaria and arbovirus infections in Kedougou, southeastern Senegal.
Comparison of six different commercial IgG-ELISA kits for the detection of TBEV-antibodies.
Serological evidence of widespread circulation of West Nile virus and other flaviviruses in equines of the Pantanal, Brazil.
Impact of climate and mosquito vector abundance on sylvatic arbovirus circulation dynamics in Senegal.
Evaluation of laboratory tests for dengue diagnosis in clinical specimens from consecutive patients with suspected dengue in Belo Horizonte, Brazil.
The polypyrimidine tract-binding protein is required for efficient dengue virus propagation and associates with the viral replication machinery.
Reduced effectiveness of repellents in a pyrethroid-resistant strain of Aedes aegypti (Diptera: culicidae) and its correlation with olfactory sensitivity.
A mosquito entomoglyceroporin, <i>Aedes aegypti</i> AQP5, participates in water transport across the Malpighian tubules of larvae.
Benzothiazole and Pyrrolone Flavivirus Inhibitors Targeting the Viral Helicase.
Metagenomic sequencing with spiked primer enrichment for viral diagnostics and genomic surveillance.
Genetic diversity of laboratory strains and implications for research: The case of Aedes aegypti.
[The expanded program of vaccination: 25 years tomorrow].
Antivirals: past, present and future.
DNA-launched live-attenuated vaccines for biodefense applications.
Emerging and Reemerging Diseases in the World Health Organization (WHO) Eastern Mediterranean Region-Progress, Challenges, and WHO Initiatives.
Bicluster pattern of codon context usages between flavivirus and vector mosquito Aedes aegypti: relevance to infection and transcriptional response of mosquito genes.
Genetic Profiling and Comorbidities of Zika Infection.
Defining challenges and proposing solutions for control of the virus vector Aedes aegypti.
High prevalence of previous dengue virus infection among first-generation Surinamese immigrants in the Netherlands.
Nano-emulsification Enhances the Larvicidal Potential of the Essential Oil of Siparuna guianensis (Laurales: Siparunaceae) Against Aedes (Stegomyia) aegypti (Diptera: Culicidae).
The evolutionary dynamics of Oropouche Virus in South America.
Recent progress in West Nile virus diagnosis and vaccination.
Recent news from WHO.
The Brazilian flaviviruses.
Diagnosis of viral disease.
The Zika outbreak of the 21st century.
Travel vaccination recommendations and infection risk in HIV-positive travellers.
[Knowledge, attitudes and practices of populations towards mosquitoes in urban and rural area (Côte d'Ivoire--West Africa)].
Specificities of human CD4+ T cell responses to an inactivated flavivirus vaccine and infection: correlation with structure and epitope prediction.
Epidemic jaundice: Harvard's 5th General Hospital at Musgrave Park in World War II.
[Vaccination and pregnancy].
Exercise-induced serum enzyme elevations confounding the evaluation of investigational drug toxicity. Report of two cases in a vaccine trial.
Identification of Zika Virus and Dengue Virus Dependency Factors using Functional Genomics.
Sertoli Cells Are Susceptible to ZIKV Infection in Mouse Testis.
International workshop on insecticide resistance in vectors of arboviruses, December 2016, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
A descriptive overview of the burden, distribution and characteristics of epidemics in Uganda.
Larvicidal activity of lignans and alkaloid identified in Zanthoxylum piperitum bark toward insecticide-susceptible and wild Culex pipiens pallens and Aedes aegypti.
Health conditions for travellers to Saudi Arabia pilgrimage to Mecca (Hajj).
["There were the yellow spot is…" Dürer's malaria: no valid diagnosis].
[Letter from Brazil].
Microhabitat partitioning of Aedes simpsoni (Diptera: Culicidae).
Travel vaccines: a guide to appropriate use.
"Yellow Jack", Caribbean fever.
Health conditions  for travellers to Saudi  Arabia for the pilgrimage  to Mecca (Hajj).
[A challenge for the public health system in Brazil: dengue control].
Ecology, epidemics and empires: environmental change and the geopolitics of tropical America, 1600-1825.
Spatio-temporal distribution of Aedes aegypti (Diptera: Culicidae) mitochondrial lineages in cities with distinct dengue incidence rates suggests complex population dynamics of the dengue vector in Colombia.
Regulation of the gut-specific carboxypeptidase: a study using the binary Gal4/UAS system in the mosquito Aedes aegypti.
'Yellow Jack': Caribbean fever.
<i>Pichia pastoris</i>-Expressed Bivalent Virus-Like Particulate Vaccine Induces Domain III-Focused Bivalent Neutralizing Antibodies without Antibody-Dependent Enhancement <i>in Vivo</i>.
Genomic composition and evolution of Aedes aegypti chromosomes revealed by the analysis of physically mapped supercontigs.
Hemorrhagic fever with renal syndrome in Montenegro.
Detection of hepatitis B virus antigens in paraffin-embedded liver specimens from the Amazon region, Brazil.
Cross-Reactive T Cell Immunity to Dengue and Zika Viruses: New Insights Into Vaccine Development.
Seasonal and geographic variation in insecticide resistance in Aedes aegypti in southern Ecuador.
A Sensitive Nano Luciferase Immune Complex Assay System for Highly Sensitive and Specific Detection of Antibodies Against Tick-Borne Encephalitis Virus.
Enquiries to the United Kingdom National Travel Advice Line by healthcare professionals regarding immunocompromised travellers.
Genetic deviation in geographically close populations of the dengue vector Aedes aegypti (Diptera: Culicidae): influence of environmental barriers in South India.
[Prevalence of Flavivirus antibodies in young voluntary recruits to military service in the province of Formosa, Argentina].
Ivermectin is a potent inhibitor of flavivirus replication specifically targeting NS3 helicase activity: new prospects for an old drug.
Open drug discovery for the Zika virus.
Genetically determined resistance to flavivirus infection in wild Mus musculus domesticus and other taxonomic groups in the genus Mus.
Neuropathogenesis of Zika Virus Infection : Potential Roles of Antibody-Mediated Pathology.
Longitudinal transcriptomic characterization of the immune response to acute hepatitis C virus infection in patients with spontaneous viral clearance.
Emergent Arboviruses and Renal Transplantation: A Global Challenge.
International Travelers' Sociodemographic, Health, and Travel Characteristics: An Italian Study.
Production of single-round infectious chimeric flaviviruses with DNA-based Japanese encephalitis virus replicon.
Trends and characteristics among HIV-infected and diabetic travelers seeking pre-travel advice.
Differential cholesterol binding by class II fusion proteins determines membrane fusion properties.
Lippia gracilis essential oil in β-cyclodextrin inclusion complexes: an environmentally safe formulation to control Aedes aegypti larvae.
Identification of Potential Inhibitors from Pyriproxyfen with Insecticidal Activity by Virtual Screening.
Zika virus infection.
Approach to Immunization for the Traveling Child.
Towards high quality real-time whole genome sequencing during outbreaks using Usutu virus as example.
Alternative strategies for mosquito-borne arbovirus control.
Beyond Members of the <i>Flaviviridae</i> Family, Sofosbuvir Also Inhibits Chikungunya Virus Replication.
High- and low-tech malaria control.
Non-infectious plasmid engineered to simulate multiple viral threat agents.
[A novel carbon nanoparticle probe-based ultrasensitive lateral flow assay for rapid detection of Ebola virus].
Preclinical and clinical development of a YFV 17 D-based chimeric vaccine against West Nile virus.
Climate change and infectious diseases.
[Zika virus infection or the future of infectious diseases].
Functional analysis of the promoter of an early zygotic gene KLC2 in Aedes aegypti.
The Neglect and Fast Spread of Some Arboviruses: A Note for Healthcare Providers in Nigeria.
Immunization for pediatric international travelers.
Development of a double antibody sandwich ELISA for West Nile virus detection using monoclonal antibodies against non-structural protein 1.
Interaction of Flaviviruses with Reproduction Inhibitors Binding in β-OG Pocket: Insights from Molecular Dynamics Simulations.
Sexual dimorphism of humoral immunity with human vaccines.
New International Health Regulations come into force.
[CASE OF FATAL HEPATITIS FOLLOWING ANTIYELLOW FEVER VACCINATION].
Reply to Adler et al.
A community-based prospective cohort study of dengue viral infection in Malaysia: the study protocol.
Dengue Virus Immunopathogenesis: Lessons Applicable to the Emergence of Zika Virus.
Public health round-up.
West Nile virus vaccines.
In vitro anti-Herpes simplex virus activity of crude extract of the roots of Nauclea latifolia Smith (Rubiaceae).
Characterization of essential domains and plasticity of the classical Swine Fever virus Core protein.
Travel risk behaviors as a determinants of receiving pre-travel health consultation and prevention.
Immunity to viruses: learning from successful human vaccines.
Larvicidal and Adulticidal Activity of Chroman and Chromene Analogues against Susceptible and Permethrin-Resistant Mosquito Strains.
Seasonal Genetic Changes of Aedes aegypti (Diptera: Culicidae) Populations in Selected Sites of Cebu City, Philippines.
Present situation and challenges of vaccinations for overseas travelers from Japan.
Single-dose vaccine against tick-borne encephalitis.
Dengue virus tetra-epitope peptide expressed in lettuce chloroplasts for potential use in dengue diagnosis.
Diagnosing Zika virus infection against a background of other flaviviruses: Studies in high resolution serological analysis.
Ten years of dengue drug discovery: progress and prospects.
The cost of diagnostic uncertainty: a prospective economic analysis of febrile children attending an NHS emergency department.
Common allergens in avian meats.
History of Aedes mosquitoes in Hawaii.
William Crawford Gorgas (1854-1920).
Prevention of vector transmitted diseases with clove oil insect repellent.
Adverse Events Following Immunization in Brazil: Age of Child and Vaccine-Associated Risk Analysis Using Logistic Regression.
Comparative Characterization of the Sindbis Virus Proteome from Mammalian and Invertebrate Hosts Identifies nsP2 as a Component of the Virion and Sorting Nexin 5 as a Significant Host Factor for Alphavirus Replication.
Live attenuated vaccines: Historical successes and current challenges.
[Mosquitoes (Diptera, Culicidae) and their medical importance for Portugal: challenges for the 21st century].
Quality assessment of nonanthrax vaccination data in the Defense Medical Surveillance System (DMSS), 1998-2004.
[West Nile virus expanding in Europe].
Larvicidal and residual activity of imidazolium salts against Aedes aegypti (Diptera: Culicidae).
Criteria used in compiling the infected area list.
[Significance of the scientific work of Dr. Carlos J Finlay on the 170th anniversary of his birth].
Meeting of the Global Advisory Committee on Vaccine Safety, December 2010.
Viperin Restricts Zika Virus and Tick-Borne Encephalitis Virus Replication by Targeting NS3 for Proteasomal Degradation.
The estimated mortality impact of vaccinations forecast to be administered during 2011-2020 in 73 countries supported by the GAVI Alliance.
Human Orthobunyavirus Infections, Tefé, Amazonas, Brazil.
Simple and inexpensive three-step rapid amplification of cDNA 5' ends using 5' phosphorylated primers.
Zika virus: An emerging infectious disease with serious perinatal and neurologic complications.
James Carroll: a biography.
The Efficacy of Some Commercially Available Insect Repellents for Aedes aegypti (Diptera: Culicidae) and Aedes albopictus (Diptera: Culicidae).
[Virus transmission in the tropical environment, the socio-ecology of primates and the balance of ecosystems].
Prolonged Zika virus viremia in a patient with Guillain-Barré syndrome in Trinidad and Tobago.
ZIKA VIRUS INFECTION; VERTICAL TRANSMISSION AND FOETAL CONGENITAL ANOMALIES.
Adverse events in vaccinations for travelers - a 1-year prospective survey in a travel clinic in Germany.
Sampling Design and Mosquito Trapping for Surveillance of Arboviral Activity.
MicroRNA-275 targets sarco/endoplasmic reticulum Ca2+ adenosine triphosphatase (SERCA) to control key functions in the mosquito gut.
Health conditions for travellers to Saudi Arabia for the pilgrimage to Mecca (Hajj).
Chemosensation: Hate Mosquitoes? Peel Beetroots!
Perfusion Control for High Cell Density Cultivation and Viral Vaccine Production.
Geosmin Attracts Aedes aegypti Mosquitoes to Oviposition Sites.
Nanostructured impedimetric lectin-based biosensor for arboviruses detection.
Dengue vaccine development: status and future.
Suppressors of Cytokine Signaling and Protein Inhibitors of Activated Signal Transducer and Activator of Transcriptions As Therapeutic Targets in Flavivirus Infections.
The Dengue Virus Replication Complex: From RNA Replication to Protein-Protein Interactions to Evasion of Innate Immunity.
The Molecular Specificity of the Human Antibody Response to Dengue Virus Infections.
[Relevant vaccination for travellers].
[Microbiological surveillance: viral hemorrhagic fever in Central African Republic: current serological data in man].
Antiviral Effectors and Gene Drive Strategies for Mosquito Population Suppression or Replacement to Mitigate Arbovirus Transmission by <i>Aedes aegypti</i>.
Comparison Between Larval Survey Index and Positive Ovitrap Index in the Evaluation of Populations of <i>Aedes</i> (<i>Stegomyia</i>) <i>aegypti</i> (Linnaeus, 1762) North of Paraná, Brazil.
A fluorescence activatable reporter of flavivirus NS2B-NS3 protease activity enables live imaging of infection in single cells and viral plaques.
Discovery of 1,2,4-oxadiazole derivatives as a novel class of noncompetitive inhibitors of 3-hydroxykynurenine transaminase (HKT) from Aedes aegypti.
Structure and function of cis-acting RNA elements of flavivirus.
CO<sub>2</sub> per se activates carbon dioxide receptors.
Live vaccines-a short-cut to cancer viro-immunotherapy.
Hold your breath - Differential behavioral and sensory acuity of mosquitoes to acetone and carbon dioxide.
Flavivirus Cross-Reactivity to Dengue Nonstructural Protein 1 Antigen Detection Assays.
Systems Vaccinology for a Live Attenuated Tularemia Vaccine Reveals Unique Transcriptional Signatures That Predict Humoral and Cellular Immune Responses.
Mechanisms of transport of H<sup>+</sup>, Na<sup>+</sup> and K<sup>+</sup>, across the distal gastric caecum of larval Aedes aegypti.
Potent virucidal activity against Flaviviridae of a group IIA phospholipase A<sub>2</sub> isolated from the venom of Bothrops asper.
A recombinant platform for flavivirus vaccines and diagnostics using chimeras of a new insect-specific virus.
CRISPR/Cas9-mediated gene deletion of the ompA gene in symbiotic Cedecea neteri impairs biofilm formation and reduces gut colonization of Aedes aegypti mosquitoes.
New immunodeficiency syndromes that help us understand the IFN-mediated antiviral immune response.
Anti-inflammatory Compound Shows Therapeutic Safety and Efficacy against Flavivirus Infection.
Identifying potential emerging threats through epidemic intelligence activities-looking for the needle in the haystack?
The activity of Aurora kinase B is required for dengue virus release.
The Medicinal Usage and Restriction of Ginseng in Britain and America, 1660-1900.
The Impact of Global Environmental Changes on Infectious Disease Emergence with a Focus on Risks for Brazil.
Construction and characterization of recombinant flaviviruses bearing insertions between E and NS1 genes.
Selection of an optimal RNA transfection reagent and comparison to electroporation for the delivery of viral RNA.
Zika Virus Surveillance at the Human-Animal Interface in West-Central Brazil, 2017-2018.
The austral-most record of the genus Haemagogus Williston (Diptera: Culicidae).
Social capital is associated with lower mosquito vector indices: secondary analysis from a cluster randomised controlled trial of community mobilisation for dengue prevention in Mexico.
Identification of the phospholipid binding regions of the envelope E protein of flaviviruses by molecular dynamics.
Flavivirus infection-A review of immunopathogenesis, immunological response, and immunodiagnosis.
Evaluation of rapid diagnostic tests and conventional enzyme-linked immunosorbent assays to determine prior dengue infection.
Structural and mechanistic insight from antiviral and antiparasitic enzyme drug targets for tropical infectious diseases.
Infectious Disease Risk Across the Growing Human-Non Human Primate Interface: A Review of the Evidence.
Missed vaccinations and critical care admission: all you may wish to know or rediscover-a narrative review.
Identification of B-Cell Epitopes with Potential to Serologicaly Discrimnate Dengue from Zika Infections.
Erythromycin Estolate Inhibits Zika Virus Infection by Blocking Viral Entry as a Viral Inactivator.
Knowledge, attitude and compliance towards travel vaccines among Nigerian travellers at an international airport.
<i>Aedes</i> vector-host olfactory interactions in sylvatic and domestic dengue transmission environments.
Quick electrochemical immunoassay for hantavirus detection based on biochar platform.
Replication and Excretion of the Live Attenuated Tetravalent Dengue Vaccine CYD-TDV in a Flavivirus-Naive Adult Population: Assessment of Vaccine Viremia and Virus Shedding.
Sequence, structure and function relationships in flaviviruses as assessed by evolutive aspects of its conserved non-structural protein domains.
British medicine in the Peruvian Andes: the travels of Archibald Smith M.D. (1820-1870).
Viral hemorrhagic fever hazards for travelers in Africa.
The folded and disordered domains of human ribosomal protein SA have both idiosyncratic and shared functions as membrane receptors.
Vector competence of Aedes aegypti and Culex quinquefasciatus from the metropolitan area of Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico for Zika virus.
Electrophysiological Responses of Eighteen Species of Insects to Fire Ant Alarm Pheromone.
Infectious disease outbreaks in the African region: overview of events reported to the World Health Organization in 2018.
Aedes aegypti (Aag2)-derived clonal mosquito cell lines reveal the effects of pre-existing persistent infection with the insect-specific bunyavirus Phasi Charoen-like virus on arbovirus replication.
Crystal structures of angiotensin-converting enzyme from Anopheles gambiae in its native form and with a bound inhibitor.
Morphological study of Aedes aegypti and Aedes albopictus (Diptera: Culicidae) eggs by X-ray computed microtomography.
Production and Biomedical Application of Flavivirus-like Particles.
Molecular characteristics and replication mechanism of dengue, zika and chikungunya arboviruses, and their treatments with natural extracts from plants: An updated review.
Insecticidal and Antifeedant Activities of Malagasy Medicinal Plant (<i>Cinnamosma</i> sp.) Extracts and Drimane-Type Sesquiterpenes against <i>Aedes aegypti</i> Mosquitoes.
Patterns of genetic divergence among populations of Aedes aegypti L. (Diptera: Culicidae) in the southeastern USA.
Pre-travel health care attendance among migrant travellers visiting friends and relatives (VFR): a 10-year retrospective analysis.
Seroreactivity to Chikungunya and West Nile Viruses in Rwandan Blood Donors.
Innate Immune Evasion Mediated by Flaviviridae Non-Structural Proteins.
Efficacy of Two Common Methods of Application of Residual Insecticide for Controlling the Asian Tiger Mosquito, Aedes albopictus (Skuse), in Urban Areas.
Influence of breeding site availability on the oviposition behaviour of Aedes aegypti.
Efficacy of Active Ingredients From the EPA 25(B) List in Reducing Attraction of Aedes aegypti (Diptera: Culicidae) to Humans.
Manipulating Solid Forms of Contact Insecticides for Infectious Disease Prevention.
Consensus and uncertainty in the geographic range of Aedes aegypti and Aedes albopictus in the contiguous United States: Multi-model assessment and synthesis.
Toxic effect of essential oil and its compounds isolated from Sphaeranthus amaranthoides Burm. f. against dengue mosquito vector Aedes aegypti Linn.
Vaccine impact on antimicrobial resistance to inform Gavi, the Vaccine Alliance's 2018 Vaccine Investment Strategy: report from an expert survey.
Establishment of <i>w</i>Mel <i>Wolbachia</i> in <i>Aedes aegypti</i> mosquitoes and reduction of local dengue transmission in Cairns and surrounding locations in northern Queensland, Australia.
A Novel Methodology For Recording Wing Beat Frequencies of Untethered Male and Female <i>Aedes aegypti</i>.
Determinants of childhood immunizations in Senegal: Adding previous shots to sociodemographic background.
First record of translocation in Culicidae (Diptera) mitogenomes: evidence from the tribe Sabethini.
No evidence for viral small RNA production and antiviral function of Argonaute 2 in human cells.
The Hajj 2019 Vaccine Requirements and Possible New Challenges.
The art of partnerships for vaccines.
Odorant Inhibition in Mosquito Olfaction.
Lack of Evidence of Sylvatic Transmission of Dengue Viruses in the Amazon Rainforest Near Iquitos, Peru.
Flavivirus replication complex assembly revealed by DNAJC14 functional mapping.
Superb feeding behavior of Aedes albopictus transmitting Zika virus.
Postnatal Identification of Zika Virus Peptides from Saliva.
An economic evaluation of vector control in the age of a dengue vaccine.
Progress and Works in Progress: Update on Flavivirus Vaccine Development.
Discovery of an Aedes (Stegomyia) albopictus population and first records of Aedes (Stegomyia) aegypti in Canada.
Action of Metarhizium brunneum (Hypocreales: Clavicipitaceae) Against Organophosphate- and Pyrethroid-Resistant Aedes aegypti (Diptera: Culicidae) and the Synergistic Effects of Phenylthiourea.
Globe-Trotting <i>Aedes aegypti</i> and <i>Aedes albopictus</i>: Risk Factors for Arbovirus Pandemics.
Vector Competence: What Has Zika Virus Taught Us?
Role of Zika Virus Envelope Protein Domain III as a Target of Human Neutralizing Antibodies.
Transgenic Aedes aegypti Mosquitoes Transfer Genes into a Natural Population.
BioStruct-Africa: empowering Africa-based scientists through structural biology knowledge transfer and mentoring - recent advances and future perspectives.
Probing the Effects of Pyrimidine Functional Group Switches on Acyclic Fleximer Analogues for Antiviral Activity.
Cross-species pathogen spillover across ecosystem boundaries: mechanisms and theory.
Lemongrass and Cinnamon Bark: Plant Essential Oil Blend as a Spatial Repellent for Mosquitoes in a Field Setting.
Natural vertical infection by dengue virus serotype 4, Zika virus and Mayaro virus in Aedes (Stegomyia) aegypti and Aedes (Stegomyia) albopictus.
Isolating and identifying fungi to determine whether their biological properties have the potential to control the population density of mosquitoes.
Population structuring of the invasive mosquito Aedes albopictus (Diptera: Culicidae) on a microgeographic scale.
Cricket paralysis virus internal ribosome entry site-derived RNA promotes conventional vaccine efficacy by enhancing a balanced Th1/Th2 response.
Serological evidence of Zika virus infection in non-human primates in Zambia.
Phase II, dose ranging study of the safety and immunogenicity of single dose West Nile vaccine in healthy adults ≥ 50 years of age.
Participation of 14-3-3ε and 14-3-3ζ proteins in the phagocytosis, component of cellular immune response, in Aedes mosquito cell lines.
Outlook for a dengue vaccine.
New immunodeficiency syndromes that help us understand the IFN-mediated antiviral immune response.
Attenuation of Zika Virus by Passage in Human HeLa Cells.
Long noncoding RNAs are involved in multiple immunological pathways in response to vaccination.
CTLGA9 Interacts with ALP1 and APN Receptors To Modulate Cry11Aa Toxicity in <i>Aedes aegypti</i>.
Detrimental Effects of Induced Antibodies on Aedes aegypti Reproduction.
New HSV-1 Anti-Viral 1'-Homocarbocyclic Nucleoside Analogs with an Optically Active Substituted Bicyclo[2.2.1]Heptane Fragment as a Glycoside Moiety.
Honeysuckle essential oil as a potential source of ecofriendly larvicides for mosquito control.
Description and phylogeny of the mitochondrial genome of Sabethes chloropterus, Sabethes glaucodaemon and Sabethes belisarioi (Diptera: Culicidae).
Murine Efficacy and Pharmacokinetic Evaluation of the Flaviviral NS5 Capping Enzyme 2-Thioxothiazolidin-4-One Inhibitor BG-323.
Vaccines and Disease-Modifying Antirheumatic Drugs: Practical Implications for the Rheumatologist.
Effects of climate and different management strategies on Aedes aegypti breeding sites: a longitudinal survey in Brasília (DF, Brazil).
Contemporary status of insecticide resistance in the major Aedes vectors of arboviruses infecting humans.
[Twenty-year surveillance of insects relevant to public health during the construction of hydroelectric facilities in Antioquia, Colombia].
The discovery of the vector for "yellow jack".
Identification of Protective CD8 T Cell Responses in a Mouse Model of Zika Virus Infection.
Immunoassay for serodiagnosis of Zika virus infection based on time-resolved Förster resonance energy transfer.
Dual roles for the ER membrane protein complex in flavivirus infection: viral entry and protein biogenesis.
Expression and purification of the truncated duck DTMUV NS5 protein and the subcellular localization of NS5 in vitro.
Analysis of Synonymous Codon Usage Bias in Flaviviridae Virus.
Providing mothers with mobile phone message reminders increases childhood immunization and vitamin A supplementation coverage in Côte d'Ivoire: A randomized controlled trial.
Frequent sugar feeding behavior by Aedes aegypti in Bamako, Mali makes them ideal candidates for control with attractive toxic sugar baits (ATSB).
Emerging Infectious Diseases.
Walter Reed USMC.
[Last minute vaccinations].
Discovery of a single male Aedes aegypti (L.) in Merseyside, England.
Climate variability and change in the United States: potential impacts on vector- and rodent-borne diseases.
wMel limits zika and chikungunya virus infection in a Singapore Wolbachia-introgressed Ae. aegypti strain, wMel-Sg.
Mimicking immune signatures of flavivirus infection with targeted adjuvants improves dengue subunit vaccine immunogenicity.
Transcriptomic Analysis of <i>Aedes aegypti</i> Innate Immune System in Response to Ingestion of Chikungunya Virus.
Estimating Past, Present, and Future Trends in the Global Distribution and Abundance of the Arbovirus Vector <i>Aedes aegypti</i> Under Climate Change Scenarios.
Hepatitis E Virus Infections among Patients with Acute Febrile Jaundice in Burkina Faso.
Detecting T cell receptors involved in immune responses from single repertoire snapshots.
TRIM5α Restricts Flavivirus Replication by Targeting the Viral Protease for Proteasomal Degradation.
Complementary use of mass spectrometry and cryo-electron microscopy to assess the maturity of live attenuated dengue vaccine viruses.
Laboratory Evaluation of Larvicidal and Oviposition Deterrent Properties of Edible Plant Oils for Potential Management of Aedes aegypti (Diptera: Culicidae) in Drinking Water Containers.
Trap Location and Premises Condition Influences on Aedes aegypti (Diptera: Culicidae) Catches Using Biogents Sentinel Traps During a 'Rear and Release' Program: Implications for Designing Surveillance Programs.
Tire shops in Miami-Dade County, Florida are important producers of vector mosquitoes.
Climate change may enable Aedes aegypti infestation in major European cities by 2100.
State of the art: Could nursing mothers be vaccinated with attenuated live virus vaccine?
William Crawford Gorgas. He set the standard of military preventive medicine.
Ovicidal and adulticidal potential of leaf and seed extract of Albizia lebbeck (L.) Benth. (Family: Fabaceae) against Culex quinquefasciatus, Aedes aegypti, and Anopheles stephensi (Diptera: Culicidae).
Biological control of <i>Anopheles darlingi</i>, <i>Aedes aegypti</i> and <i>Culex quinquefasciatus</i> larvae using shrimps.
Assessing the effects of interventions for Aedes aegypti control: systematic review and meta-analysis of cluster randomised controlled trials.
Effective Protection Induced by a Monovalent DNA Vaccine against Dengue Virus (DV) Serotype 1 and a Bivalent DNA Vaccine against DV1 and DV2 in Mice.
Dengue virus seroprevalence among febrile patients in Bamako, Mali: results of a 2006 surveillance study.
Mouse Models of Heterologous Flavivirus Immunity: A Role for Cross-Reactive T Cells.
A facile and rapid method for green synthesis of <i>Achyranthes aspera</i> stem extract-mediated silver nano-composites with cidal potential against <i>Aedes aegypti</i> L.
Quantitative Evaluation of the Behavioral Response to Attractant and Repellent Compounds in Anopheles pseudopunctipennis and Aedes aegypti (Diptera: Culicidae) Larvae.
Psoriasis and infection. A clinical practice narrative.
Highly Sensitive and Selective Direct Detection of Zika Virus Particles in Human Bodily Fluids for Accurate Early Diagnosis of Infection.
Uptake of Travel Health Services by Community Pharmacies and Patients Following Pharmacist Immunization Scope Expansion in Ontario, Canada.
Vector-borne transmission and evolution of Zika virus.
Larvicidal activity prediction against <i>Aedes aegypti</i> mosquito using computational tools.
<i>Wolbachia pipientis</i> occurs in <i>Aedes aegypti</i> populations in New Mexico and Florida, USA.
Assessment of the knowledge of fathers, uptake of routine immunization, and its associated factors in a rural community of North West Nigeria.
Similar Neural Pathways Control Foraging in Mosquitoes and Worms.
Knockdown resistance (kdr) mutations within seventeen field populations of Aedes albopictus from Beijing China: first report of a novel V1016G mutation and evolutionary origins of kdr haplotypes.
Eutrophication governs predator-prey interactions and temperature effects in Aedes aegypti populations.
Gamma Radiation Sterilization Dose of Adult Males in Asian Tiger Mosquito Pupae.
Cytochrome P450 Mono-Oxygenase and Resistance Phenotype in DDT and Deltamethrin-Resistant Anopheles gambiae (Diptera: Culicidae) and Culex quinquefasciatus in Kosofe, Lagos, Nigeria.
Aedes aegypti larvae treated with spinosad produce adults with damaged midgut and reduced fecundity.
Male accessory gland molecules inhibit harmonic convergence in the mosquito Aedes aegypti.
Heterologous Expression of <i>Aedes aegypti</i> Cation Chloride Cotransporter 2 (aeCCC2) in <i>Xenopus laevis</i> Oocytes Induces an Enigmatic Na⁺/Li⁺ Conductance.
Multimodal floral cues guide mosquitoes to tansy inflorescences.
Proteins, Transcripts, and Genetic Architecture of Seminal Fluid and Sperm in the Mosquito <i>Aedes aegypti</i>.
Close encounters: contributions of carbon dioxide and human skin odour to finding and landing on a host in <i>Aedes aegypti.</i>
Me, and Walter Reed.
Laboratory evaluation techniques to investigate the spatial potential of repellents for push and pull mosquito control systems.
The Unfolded Protein Response: A Key Player in Zika Virus-Associated Congenital Microcephaly.
Anti-poliovirus activity of Nerium oleander aqueous extract.
Safe Travel Preparation for HIV-Infected Patients.
Polyradiculopathies in the neurology department of the Cocody University Hospital, Abidjan, Ivory Coast: epidemiological and clinical profiles and outcomes over a six-year period.
Design, Synthesis, and Biological Evaluation of Novel C5-Modified Pyrimidine Ribofuranonucleosides as Potential Antitumor or/and Antiviral Agents.
Widespread insecticide resistance in Aedes aegypti L. from New Mexico, U.S.A.
Origin and expansion of the mosquito Aedes aegypti in Madeira Island (Portugal).
Potential of Aedes albopictus to cause the emergence of arboviruses in Morocco.
Attraction of Female <i>Aedes aegypti</i> (L.) to Aphid Honeydew.
A Statewide Survey of Container Aedes Mosquitoes (Diptera: Culicidae) in North Carolina, 2016: A Multiagency Surveillance Response to Zika Using Ovitraps.
Detection of Quang Binh virus from mosquitoes in China.
Novel approaches to flavivirus drug discovery.
Laboratory evaluation of Indian medicinal plants as repellents against malaria, dengue, and filariasis vector mosquitoes.
A Trypsin Inhibitor from Clitoria fairchildiana Cotyledons is Active Against Digestive Enzymes of Aedes aegypti Larvae.
Cold Contact Urticaria Following Vaccination: Four Cases.
The Complement System in Flavivirus Infections.
Repellent effects of the essential oils of Cymbopogon citratus and Tagetes minuta on the sandfly, Phlebotomus duboscqi.
Protocols for Testing the Toxicity of Novel Insecticidal Chemistries to Mosquitoes.
New record and extended geographical distribution of Aedes fluviatilis (Lutz, 1904) in Ceará, northeastern Brazil.
Autocidal Gravid Ovitrap Incorporation with Attractants for Control of Gravid and Host-Seeking Aedes aegypti (Diptera: Culicidae).
Vaccination and immunization strategies to design Aedes aegypti salivary protein based subunit vaccine tackling Flavivirus infection.
Travelling arboviruses: A historical perspective.
Previous dengue or Zika virus exposure can drive to infection enhancement or neutralisation of other flaviviruses.
Keeping our immigrants healthy: hygienist doctrine in the Hospedaria de Imigrantes da Ilha das Flores.
Importance of diagnostics in epidemic and pandemic preparedness.
Molecular characterization of viruses associated with encephalitis in São Paulo, Brazil.
Genome-Wide Transcriptome Profiling Reveals Genes Associated with Meiotic Drive System of <i>Aedes aegypti</i>.
First report of Culex flavivirus infection from Culex coronator (Diptera: Culicidae), Colombia.
Seasonal and spatial distribution of Aedes aegypti and Aedes albopictus in a municipal urban park in São Paulo, SP, Brazil.
Hypometabolic strategy and glucose metabolism maintenance of Aedes aegypti egg desiccation.
Characterization of Tolypocladium cylindrosporum (Hypocreales, Ophiocordycipitaceae) isolates from Brazil and their efficacy against Aedes aegypti (Diptera, Culicidae).
Therapeutic Potential of Citronella Essential Oil: A Review.
Nonstructural protein 2 (nsP2) of Chikungunya virus (CHIKV) enhances protective immunity mediated by a CHIKV envelope protein expressing DNA Vaccine.
Assessment of bivalent and tetravalent dengue vaccine formulations in flavivirus-naïve adults in Mexico.
[Epidemiological risk of introduction of dangerous and exotic infectious diseases on the territory of the XXII Olympic Winter Games and XI Paralympic Winter Games 2014 in Sochi].
Zoonotic infections in Nigeria: overview from a medical perspective.
Larvicidal activity of <i>Ottonia anisum</i> metabolites against <i>Aedes aegypti</i>: A potential natural alternative source for mosquito vector control in Brazil.
A DNA Barcoding Based Study to Identify Main Mosquito Species in Taiwan and its Difference from Those in Mainland China.
Larvicidal activity of Ocimum campechianum, Ocotea quixos and Piper aduncum essential oils against Aedes aegypti.
RNA Structure Duplication in the Dengue Virus 3' UTR: Redundancy or Host Specificity?
Base Distribution in Dengue Nucleotide Sequences Differs Significantly from Other Mosquito-Borne Human-Infecting Flavivirus Members.
Mosquito-borne illnesses in travelers: a review of risk and prevention.
Mosquito larvicidal activity of cadmium nanoparticles synthesized from petal extracts of marigold (<i>Tagetes</i> sp.) and rose (<i>Rosa</i> sp.) flower.
Green synthesis of copper oxide nanoparticles and mosquito larvicidal activity against dengue, zika and chikungunya causing vector <i>Aedes aegypti</i>.
Selection and Characterization of Anti-Dengue NS1 Single Domain Antibodies.
Human stem cell-derived hepatocyte-like cells support Zika virus replication and provide a relevant model to assess the efficacy of potential antivirals.
Brazil asks whether Zika acts alone to cause birth defects.
Health conditions for travellers to Saudi Arabia for the pilgrimage to Mecca (Hajj), 2016.
Criteria used in compiling the infected area list.
The Multiples Fates of the Flavivirus RNA Genome During Pathogenesis.
Zika virus infection in human placental tissue explants is enhanced in the presence of dengue virus antibodies in-vitro.
Flavivirus capsid is a dimeric alpha-helical protein.
Insights into the ZIKV NS1 Virology from Different Strains through a Fine Analysis of Physicochemical Properties.
Discovery of Novel Druggable Sites on Zika Virus NS3 Helicase Using X-ray Crystallography-Based Fragment Screening.
Measuring Dengue Virus RNA in the Culture Supernatant of Infected Cells by Real-time Quantitative Polymerase Chain Reaction.
High-throughput neutralization assay for multiple flaviviruses based on single-round infectious particles using dengue virus type 1 reporter replicon.
A highly multiplexed broad pathogen detection assay for infectious disease diagnostics.
Community-acquired acute meningitis and encephalitis: a narrative review.
Role of plasmid plasticity and mobile genetic elements in the entomopathogen Bacillus thuringiensis serovar israelensis.
Notice to Readers: Final 2015 Reports of Nationally Notifiable Infectious Diseases and Conditions.
Plant extracts, isolated phytochemicals, and plant-derived agents which are lethal to arthropod vectors of human tropical diseases--a review.
A magic sword or a big itch: an historical look at the United States biological weapons programme.
Foveolitis associated with dengue Fever: a case series.
Identifying protective dengue vaccines: guide to mastering an empirical process.
The Role of Host Cholesterol During Flavivirus Infection.
Improved reference genome of Aedes aegypti informs arbovirus vector control.
Reconstruction and prediction of viral disease epidemics.
Vaccines, inspiring innovation in health.
Memory T Cells in Flavivirus Vaccination.
Using a Virion Assembly-Defective Dengue Virus as a Vaccine Approach.
Global TravEpiNet: a national consortium of clinics providing care to international travelers--analysis of demographic characteristics, travel destinations, and pretravel healthcare of high-risk US international travelers, 2009-2011.
Use of replication restricted recombinant vesicular stomatitis virus vectors for detection of antigen-specific T cells.
Essential Oils as Repellents against Arthropods.
Survey of mosquito-borne flaviviruses in the Cuitzmala River Basin, Mexico: do they circulate in rodents and bats?
The recently identified flavivirus Bamaga virus is transmitted horizontally by Culex mosquitoes and interferes with West Nile virus replication in vitro and transmission in vivo.
Modifying the Biogents Sentinel Trap to Increase the Longevity of Captured Aedes aegypti.
Habitat Characteristics For Immature Stages of <i>Aedes aegypti</i> In Zanzibar City, Tanzania.
The Many Faces of a Dynamic Virion: Implications of Viral Breathing on Flavivirus Biology and Immunogenicity.
Enhancement of insect susceptibility and larvicidal efficacy of Cry4Ba toxin by calcofluor.
Mosquito and tick repellency of two <i>Anthemis</i> essential oils from Saudi Arabia.
Dengue and dengue hemorrhagic fever in the Americas: lessons and challenges.
Clara Louise Maass. The ethics of experimentation on human subjects.
A combination of TLR-4 agonist and saponin adjuvants increases antibody diversity and protective efficacy of a recombinant West Nile Virus antigen.
Ocular Manifestations of Emerging Flaviviruses and the Blood-Retinal Barrier.
C-Type Lectin-20 Interacts with ALP1 Receptor to Reduce Cry Toxicity in <i>Aedes aegypti</i>.
Determining environmental and anthropogenic factors which explain the global distribution of <i>Aedes aegypti</i> and <i>Ae. albopictus</i>.
Rapid evolution and the genomic consequences of selection against interspecific mating.
Confirmation of Zika virus infection through hospital-based sentinel surveillance of acute febrile illness in Uganda, &nbsp;2014-2017.
Age-specific seroprevalence of dengue infection in Hong Kong.
epiflows: an R package for risk assessment of travel-related spread of disease.
Evaluation of Eosin-Methylene Blue as a Photosensitizer for Larval Control of <i>Aedes aegypti</i> by a Photodynamic Process.
Transcriptomic Analysis of Aedes aegypti in Response to Mosquitocidal Bacillus thuringiensis LLP29 Toxin.
Colonized <i>Sabethes cyaneus</i>, a Sylvatic New World Mosquito Species, Shows a Low Vector Competence for Zika Virus Relative to <i>Aedes aegypti</i>.
Effects of Temephos, Permethrin, and Eucalyptus nitens Essential Oil on Survival and Swimming Behavior of Aedes aegypti and Anopheles pseudopunctipennis (Diptera: Culicidae) Larvae.
Evaluation of larvicidal, adulticidal, and anticholinesterase activities of essential oils of Illicium verum Hook. f., Pimenta dioica (L.) Merr., and Myristica fragrans Houtt. against Zika virus vectors.
Properties for sourcing Nigerian larvicidal plants.
Genetic diversity of Brazilian Aedes aegypti: patterns following an eradication program.
Re-Emergence of Zika Virus: A Review on Pathogenesis, Clinical Manifestations, Diagnosis, Treatment, and Prevention.
Evaluation of ELISA-based sero-diagnosis of dengue fever in travelers.
Public Law No. 858 (70th Congress), February 28, 1929 .
General Orders No. 6: Headquarters Department of Cuba, Havana, December 21, 1900 .
Biography of James Carroll.
New Immuno-Epidemiological Biomarker of Human Exposure to Aedes Vector Bites: From Concept to Applications.
Insecticide Resistance Associated with <i>kdr</i> Mutations in <i>Aedes albopictus</i>: An Update on Worldwide Evidences.
A post-conflict vaccination campaign, Central African Republic.
Aedes Anphevirus: an Insect-Specific Virus Distributed Worldwide in Aedes aegypti Mosquitoes That Has Complex Interplays with Wolbachia and Dengue Virus Infection in Cells.
Low Zika virus seroprevalence among pregnant women in North Central Nigeria, 2016.
Controlling vector-borne diseases by releasing modified mosquitoes.
Vaccination of travelers: how far have we come and where are we going?
Population structure of a vector of human diseases: <i>Aedes aegypti</i> in its ancestral range, Africa.
Parental and offspring larval diets interact to influence life-history traits and infection with dengue virus in <i>Aedes aegypti</i>.
Inhibition of Japanese encephalitis virus infection by the host zinc-finger antiviral protein.
Evidence of vertical transmission of Zika virus in field-collected eggs of Aedes aegypti in the Brazilian Amazon.
Species-specific disruption of STING-dependent antiviral cellular defenses by the Zika virus NS2B3 protease.
Quantitative structure-activity relationship (QSAR) analysis of plant-derived compounds with larvicidal activity against Zika Aedes aegypti (Diptera: Culicidae) vector using freely available descriptors.
Chlamydia antibody response in healthy volunteers immunized with nonchlamydial antigens: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study.
The inside history of a great medical discovery. 1915.
Letter: Walter Reed to Albert E. Truby, December 10, 1900 .
Letter: Walter Reed to James Carroll, September 7, 1900.
Vaccine wastage in The Gambia: a prospective observational study.
Strain-specific pathogenicity and subversion of phenoloxidase activity in the mosquito Aedes aegypti by members of the fungal entomopathogenic genus Isaria.
The Use of Insecticide-Treated Curtains for Control of <i>Aedes aegypti</i> and Dengue Virus Transmission in "Fraccionamiento" Style Houses in México.
Forecasting the effectiveness of indoor residual spraying for reducing dengue burden.
Current status of Zika vaccine development: Zika vaccines advance into clinical evaluation.
Distribution of <i>Haemagogus</i> and <i>Sabethes</i> Species in Relation to Forest Cover and Climatic Factors in the Chapada Dos Guimarães National Park, State of Mato Grosso, Brazil.
Acute Viral Hepatitis: Beyond A, B, and C.
Which Dengue Vaccine Approach Is the Most Promising, and Should We Be Concerned about Enhanced Disease after Vaccination? The Path to a Dengue Vaccine: Learning from Human Natural Dengue Infection Studies and Vaccine Trials.
Dismantling the Taboo against Vaccines in Pregnancy.
The new global health.
The journal 100 years ago. July 1849 and 1899.
About the cover illustration.
Genetic variability of Aedes aegypti in the department of Sucre, Colombia, by analysis of the nucleotide sequence of the mitochondrial ND4 gene
Subverting the mechanisms of cell death: flavivirus manipulation of host cell responses to infection.
Sexual transmission of Zika virus: a literature review.
Which Dengue Vaccine Approach Is the Most Promising, and Should We Be Concerned about Enhanced Disease after Vaccination? The Challenges of a Dengue Vaccine.
<i>Wolbachia</i> enhances insect-specific flavivirus infection in <i>Aedes aegypti</i> mosquitoes.
SV-BR-1-GM, a Clinically Effective GM-CSF-Secreting Breast Cancer Cell Line, Expresses an Immune Signature and Directly Activates CD4<sup>+</sup> T Lymphocytes.
Regulation of midgut cell proliferation impacts Aedes aegypti susceptibility to dengue virus.
Odorant-binding protein-based identification of natural spatial repellents for the African malaria mosquito Anopheles gambiae.
Vaccination coverage among children and adolescents below 18 years of age in French Guiana: inventory and determinant factors.
Molecular analysis and genetic diversity of Aedes albopictus (Diptera, Culicidae) from China.
Immunization for children traveling abroad.
An updated evolutionary study of Flaviviridae NS3 helicase and NS5 RNA-dependent RNA polymerase reveals novel invariable motifs as potential pharmacological targets.
Infections of the developing world.
Distinguishing West Nile virus infection using a recombinant envelope protein with mutations in the conserved fusion-loop.
A highly secure method for rearing <i>Aedes aegypti</i> mosquitoes.
Ornamental bromeliads of Miami-Dade County, Florida are important breeding sites for Aedes aegypti (Diptera: Culicidae).
Detection of Specific ZIKV IgM in Travelers Using a Multiplexed Flavivirus Microsphere Immunoassay.
Mosquito Species (Diptera: Culicidae) Diversity from Ovitraps in a Mesoamerican Tropical Rainforest.
[Response capacity and challenges of the Cuban health system against communicable diseasesCapacidade de resposta e desafios do sistema de saúde cubano contra doenças transmissíveis].
Immune Response to Dengue and Zika.
Toxicological effects of chemical constituents from Piper against the environmental burden Aedes aegypti Liston and their impact on non-target toxicity evaluation against biomonitoring aquatic insects.
Tree hole mosquito species composition and relative abundances differ between urban and adjacent forest habitats in northwestern Argentina.
[Vaccination for international travelers].
Serodiagnosis of Zika virus (ZIKV) infections by a novel NS1-based ELISA devoid of cross-reactivity with dengue virus antibodies: a multicohort study of assay performance, 2015 to 2016.
Update on travelers' health.
[Evaluation of pre-travel prevention and morbidity in child travelers].
The 2014 FIFA World Cup: communicable disease risks and advice for visitors to Brazil--a review from the Latin American Society for Travel Medicine (SLAMVI).
Assurance of neuroattenuation of a live vaccine against West Nile virus: a comprehensive study of neuropathogenesis after infection with chimeric WN/DEN4Δ30 vaccine in comparison to two parental viruses and a surrogate flavivirus reference vaccine.
A Simple Flow Cytometry Based Assay to Determine In Vitro Antibody Dependent Enhancement of Dengue Virus Using Zika Virus Convalescent Serum.
Biochemistry and Molecular Biology of Flaviviruses.
Efficacy of Aedes aegypti control by indoor Ultra Low Volume (ULV) insecticide spraying in Iquitos, Peru.
Impact of primer dimers and self-amplifying hairpins on reverse transcription loop-mediated isothermal amplification detection of viral RNA.
How Do Virus-Mosquito Interactions Lead to Viral Emergence?
Characterization of the adult Aedes aegypti early midgut peritrophic matrix proteome using LC-MS.
Development and evaluation of a novel high-throughput image-based fluorescent neutralization test for detection of Zika virus infection.
A systematic approach to the development of a safe live attenuated Zika vaccine.
Combined use of the entomopathogenic fungus, Metarhizium brunneum, and the mosquito predator, Toxorhynchites brevipalpis, for control of mosquito larvae: Is this a risky biocontrol strategy?
Structural basis for neutralization of Japanese encephalitis virus by two potent therapeutic antibodies.
Systems vaccinology:  its promise and challenge for HIV vaccine development.
The old and the new: successful vaccines of the 20th century and approaches to making vaccines for the important diseases of the 21st century.
Zika virus: a new pandemic threat.
Zika virus and the current outbreak: an overview.
Seroprevalence of antibodies against dengue virus among pregnant women in the Democratic Republic of Sao Tome and Principe.
Ribosomal protein S29 regulates metabolic insecticide resistance through binding and degradation of CYP6N3.
Ovicidal, larvicidal and adulticidal properties of Asparagus racemosus (Willd.) (Family: Asparagaceae) root extracts against filariasis (Culex quinquefasciatus), dengue (Aedes aegypti) and malaria (Anopheles stephensi) vector mosquitoes (Diptera: Culicidae).
Incomplete childhood immunization with new and old vaccines and associated factors: BRISA birth cohort, São Luís, Maranhão State, Northeast Brazil.
Entomopathogenic fungi and their potential for the management of Aedes aegypti (Diptera: Culicidae) in the Americas.
Trends in insect repellent formulations: A review.
Mission Accomplished? We Need a Guide to the 'Post Release' World of Wolbachia for Aedes-borne Disease Control.
Inactivation of chikungunya virus in blood components treated with amotosalen/ultraviolet A light or amustaline/glutathione.
Challenges of Vaccine Development for Zika Virus.
The origin of quarantine.
Dynamic remodeling of lipids coincides with dengue virus replication in the midgut of Aedes aegypti mosquitoes.
Castanospermine, a potent inhibitor of dengue virus infection in vitro and in vivo.
The cell menagerie: human immune profiling.
Production and characterization of vaccines based on flaviviruses defective in replication.
Development of a Rapid Diagnostic Test Kit to Detect IgG/IgM Antibody against Zika Virus Using Monoclonal Antibodies to the Envelope and Non-structural Protein 1 of the Virus.
Analysis of Peptide Ligand Specificity of Different Insect Adipokinetic Hormone Receptors.
Use of electronic immunization registry in the surveillance of adverse events following immunization.
Development and characterization of serotype-specific monoclonal antibodies against the dengue virus-4 (DENV-4) non-structural protein (NS1).
N-substituted methyl maleamates as larvicidal compounds against Aedes aegypti (Diptera: Culicidae).
Erythrosin B is a potent and broad-spectrum orthosteric inhibitor of the flavivirus NS2B-NS3 protease.
The gastric caecum of larval <i>Aedes aegypti</i>: stimulation of epithelial ion transport by 5-hydroxytryptamine and cAMP.
Robust real-time cell analysis method for determining viral infectious titers during development of a viral vaccine production process.
ELISPOT-Based "Multi-Color FluoroSpot" to Study Type-Specific and Cross-Reactive Responses in Memory B Cells after Dengue and Zika Virus Infections.
Follow up of a robust meta-signature to identify Zika virus infection in Aedes aegypti: another brick in the wall.
Enabling clinicians to easily find location-based travel health recommendations-is innovation needed?
Travel and biologic therapy: travel-related infection risk, vaccine response and recommendations.
Vaccinating for natural killer cell effector functions.
Entomological and epidemiological aspects of dengue epidemics in Fortaleza, Ceará, Brazil, 2001-2012.
Mechanism and structural diversity of exoribonuclease-resistant RNA structures in flaviviral RNAs.
[Mosquitoes as vectors of arboviruses: an endless story].
Reporting of adverse events following immunizations in Ghana - Using disproportionality analysis reporting ratios.
Flavivirus NS1 structures reveal surfaces for associations with membranes and the immune system.
Preclinical and clinical development of YFV 17D-based chimeric vaccines against dengue, West Nile and Japanese encephalitis viruses.
Mosquitoes and disease.
Climate change and mosquito-borne disease.
Molecular Basis for Arbovirus Transmission by Aedes aegypti Mosquitoes.
[Pediatric Morbidity of a Native American Village in French Guiana (2009-2016)].
Native larvivorous fish diversity as a biological control agent against mosquito larvae in an endemic malarious region of Ranchi district in Jharkhand, India.
Seroepidemiological Studies of Arboviruses in Africa.
Limited Evidence for Infection of Urban and Peri-urban Nonhuman Primates with Zika and Chikungunya Viruses in Brazil.
Meta-Analysis of <i>Aedes aegypti</i> Expression Datasets: Comparing Virus Infection and Blood-Fed Transcriptomes to Identify Markers of Virus Presence.
Characterizing environmental suitability of Aedes albopictus (Diptera: Culicidae) in Mexico based on regional and global niche models.
Functional characterization of a serine protease inhibitor modulated in the infection of the Aedes aegypti with dengue virus.
Zika virus: what we need to know?
Transcription Profiling for Defensins of Aedes aegypti (Diptera: Culicidae) During Development and in Response to Infection With Chikungunya and Zika Viruses.
History and Emergence of Zika Virus.
Molecular diagnostics of viral hemorrhagic fevers.
Impact of the introduction of new vaccines and vaccine wastage rate on the cost-effectiveness of routine EPI: lessons from a descriptive study in a Cameroonian health district.
δ-Cadinene, Calarene and .δ-4-Carene from Kadsura heteroclita Essential Oil as Novel Larvicides Against Malaria, Dengue and Filariasis Mosquitoes.
[Vaccination before and during pregnancy].
Safety and Immunogenicity of a Quadrivalent Meningococcal Conjugate Vaccine and Commonly Administered Vaccines After Coadministration.
Health conditions for travelers to Saudi Arabia for the pilgrimage to Mecca (Hajj), 2015.
Optimization of commercially available Zika virus antibodies for use in a laboratory-developed immunohistochemical assay.
Diagnosis of Zika Virus Infections: Challenges and Opportunities.
Zika Virus Mosquito Vectors: Competence, Biology, and Vector Control.
Characteristics of Aedes aegypti adult mosquitoes in rural and urban areas of western and coastal Kenya.
Controlled human infections: A report from the controlled human infection models workshop, Leiden University Medical Centre 4-6 May 2016.
Differential expression of putative sodium-dependent cation-chloride cotransporters in Aedes aegypti.
Molecular characterization of the gene profile of Bacillus thuringiensis Berliner isolated from Brazilian ecosystems and showing pathogenic activity against mosquito larvae of medical importance.
Emergent acoustic order in arrays of mosquitoes.
Multiple effects of toxins isolated from Crotalus durissus terrificus on the hepatitis C virus life cycle.
Vaccines and multiple sclerosis.
Chikungunya.
Dengue-associated kidney disease.
Imported cases of dengue in Poland and their diagnosis.
In Silico Validation of D7 Salivary Protein-derived B- and T-cell Epitopes of Aedes aegypti as Potential Vaccine to Prevent Transmission of Flaviviruses and Togaviruses to Humans.
The importance of human population characteristics in modeling <i>Aedes aegypti</i> distributions and assessing risk of mosquito-borne infectious diseases.
A cell-based high throughput screening assay for the discovery of cGAS-STING pathway agonists.
Variable Sensitivity in Molecular Detection of Zika Virus in European Expert Laboratories: External Quality Assessment, November 2016.
Organization of the Flavivirus RNA replicase complex.
Development of a stable Japanese encephalitis virus replicon cell line for antiviral screening.
Dengue virus: break-bone fever.
<i>Aedes aegypti</i> Molecular Responses to Zika Virus: Modulation of Infection by the Toll and Jak/Stat Immune Pathways and Virus Host Factors.
New reverse genetics and transfection methods to rescue arboviruses in mosquito cells.
Lure-and-Kill Yeast Interfering RNA Larvicides Targeting Neural Genes in the Human Disease Vector Mosquito Aedes aegypti.
Conditions for success of engineered underdominance gene drive systems.
Green synthesis of silver nanoparticles using Sida acuta (Malvaceae) leaf extract against Culex quinquefasciatus, Anopheles stephensi, and Aedes aegypti (Diptera: Culicidae).
Travel health care for immigrant children visiting friends and relatives abroad: retrospective analysis of a hospital-based travel health service in a US urban underserved area.
Flaviviruses in Europe: complex circulation patterns and their consequences for the diagnosis and control of West Nile disease.
The enzyme 3-hydroxykynurenine transaminase as potential target for 1,2,4-oxadiazoles with larvicide activity against the dengue vector Aedes aegypti.
Mosquito species abundance and diversity in Malindi, Kenya and their potential implication in pathogen transmission.
Update From the Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices.
Systematic Review: Land Cover, Meteorological, and Socioeconomic Determinants of Aedes Mosquito Habitat for Risk Mapping.
Rearing of <i>Culex</i> spp. and <i>Aedes</i> spp. Mosquitoes.
Zika virus congenital syndrome: experimental models and clinical aspects.
KIR2DS2 recognizes conserved peptides derived from viral helicases in the context of HLA-C.
Estimated economic impact of vaccinations in 73 low- and middle-income countries, 2001-2020.
First Data on Resistance to Pyrethroids in Wild Populations of Aedes albopictus from Spain.
A simple and rapid protein array based method for the simultaneous detection of biowarfare agents.
Favipiravir (T-705), a novel viral RNA polymerase inhibitor.
Protein signatures using electrostatic molecular surfaces in harmonic space.
Design, synthesis, and biological evaluation of thiazoles targeting flavivirus envelope proteins.
Appraising the roles of CBLL1 and the ubiquitin/proteasome system for flavivirus entry and replication.
External quality assessment for arbovirus diagnostics in the World Health Organization Western Pacific Region, 2013-2016: improving laboratory quality over the years.
Expected immunizations and health protection for Hajj and Umrah 2018 -An overview.
Update From the Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices.
Effects of rearing salinity on expression and function of ion-motive ATPases and ion transport across the gastric caecum of <i>Aedes aegypti</i> larvae.
Fat Body Organ Culture System in Aedes Aegypti, a Vector of Zika Virus.
Enrichment of Viral Nucleic Acids by Solution Hybrid Selection with Genus Specific Oligonucleotides.
Structural Mimicry of the Dengue Virus Envelope Glycoprotein Revealed by the Crystallographic Study of an Idiotype-Anti-idiotype Fab Complex.
Aedes aegypti re-emerging in Egypt: a review and what should be done?
Zika Virus in an American Recreational Traveler.
Multiple introductions of the dengue vector, Aedes aegypti, into California.
Impact of prior flavivirus immunity on Zika virus infection in rhesus macaques.
Waiting in the wings: The potential of mosquito transmitted flaviviruses to emerge.
Interventions for prevention of herpes simplex labialis (cold sores on the lips).
Cell fusing agent virus and dengue virus mutually interact in Aedes aegypti cell lines.
<i>Rhanterium epapposum</i> Oliv. essential oil: Chemical composition and antimicrobial, insect-repellent and anticholinesterase activities.
Preparation of Mosquito Salivary Gland Extract and Intradermal Inoculation of Mice.
Postvaccinal inflammatory neuropathy: peripheral nerve biopsy in 3 cases.
Analysis of RNA binding by the dengue virus NS5 RNA capping enzyme.
Complexity of Human Antibody Response to Dengue Virus: Implication for Vaccine Development.
Understanding the role of microRNAs in the interaction of Aedes aegypti mosquitoes with an insect-specific flavivirus.
Chemosensory Responses to the Repellent Nepeta Essential Oil and Its Major Component Nepetalactone by Aedes aegypti (Diptera: Culicidae), a Vector of Zika Virus.
Transcriptional Profile for Detoxification Enzymes AeaGGT1 and AaeGGT2 From Aedes aegypti (Diptera: Culicidae) in Response to Larvicides.
Feeding behavior of Mimomyia (Etorleptiomyia) luzonensis (Ludlow, 1905) (Diptera, Culicidae) in Peninsular Malaysia.
Juvenile hormone and its receptor methoprene-tolerant promote ribosomal biogenesis and vitellogenesis in the <i>Aedes aegypti</i> mosquito.
Effects on the anti-ABO titers of military blood donors from a predeployment vaccination program.
T-cell exhaustion, co-stimulation and clinical outcome in autoimmunity and infection.
A multiplex ELISA-based protein array for screening diagnostic antigens and diagnosis of Flaviviridae infection.
Abacavir-reactive memory T cells are present in drug naïve individuals.
Atypical lymphocytosis in leptospirosis: a cohort of hospitalized cases between 1996 and 2009 in State of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Advances in flavivirus vaccine development.
Mosquito vectors of infectious diseases: are they neglected health disaster in Egypt?
De novo RNA synthesis catalyzed by the Zika Virus RNA polymerase domain.
Japanese encephalitis vaccines: Immunogenicity, protective efficacy, effectiveness, and impact on the burden of disease.
In a randomized trial, the live attenuated tetravalent dengue vaccine TV003 is well-tolerated and highly immunogenic in subjects with flavivirus exposure prior to vaccination.
First Two Imported Cases of Zika Virus Infections in Romania.
Repellent and Larvicidal Activity of the Essential Oil From Eucalyptus nitens Against Aedes aegypti and Aedes albopictus (Diptera: Culicidae).
A Video-Tracking Analysis-Based Behavioral Assay for Larvae of Anopheles pseudopunctipennis and Aedes aegypti (Diptera: Culicidae).
Improved detection of Zika virus RNA in human and animal specimens by a novel, highly sensitive and specific real-time RT-PCR assay targeting the 5'-untranslated region of Zika virus.
Global health security and the International Health Regulations.
Identification of diagnostic peptide regions that distinguish Zika virus from related mosquito-borne Flaviviruses.
A conformational switch high-throughput screening assay and allosteric inhibition of the flavivirus NS2B-NS3 protease.
Inhibitors compounds of the flavivirus replication process.
Rapid and specific detection of Asian- and African-lineage Zika viruses.
Zika Virus: Can India Win the Fight?
T-bet+ B cells are induced by human viral infections and dominate the HIV gp140 response.
Functional Information Stored in the Conserved Structural RNA Domains of Flavivirus Genomes.
Tropical viruses approaching Europe.
Antibody Responses to Zika Virus Infections in Environments of Flavivirus Endemicity.
Protein Interactions during the Flavivirus and Hepacivirus Life Cycle.
SAINT LOUIS ENCEPHALITIS VIRUS IN MATO GROSSO, CENTRAL-WESTERN BRAZIL.
Artocarpus altilis (Parkinson) Fosberg Extracts and Geranyl Dihydrochalcone Inhibit STAT3 Activity in Prostate Cancer DU145 Cells.
Carlos Juan Finlay (1833-1915).
Studies on serological cross-reaction in sequential flavivirus infections.
The capacity of diagnostic laboratories in Kenya for detecting infectious diseases.
Tropical viruses approaching Europe.
Adapting to the global shortage of cholera vaccines: targeted single dose cholera vaccine in response to an outbreak in South Sudan.
[Laboratory susceptibility tests of Aedes aegypti and Culex quinquefasciatus larvae to the entomopathogenic nematode Heterorhabditis bacteriophora].
Retention of duplicated long-wavelength opsins in mosquito lineages by positive selection and differential expression.
Anti-malarial synergy of secondary metabolites from Morinda lucida Benth.
Synthesis and characterization of silver nanoparticles using Gmelina asiatica leaf extract against filariasis, dengue, and malaria vector mosquitoes.
Emerging and reemerging infections in africa: the need for improved laboratory services and disease surveillance.
Seroprevalence of Zika Virus in Wild African Green Monkeys and Baboons.
Zika virus: An emerging flavivirus.
Elucidation of the possible mechanism of analgesic actions of butanol leaf fraction of Olax subscorpioidea Oliv.
Zika Virus Antagonizes Type I Interferon Responses during Infection of Human Dendritic Cells.
The re-emerging arboviral threat: Hidden enemies: The emergence of obscure arboviral diseases, and the potential use of Wolbachia in their control.
Mosquito repellent activity of volatile oils from selected aromatic plants.
How often people google for vaccination: Qualitative and quantitative insights from a systematic search of the web-based activities using Google Trends.
[Vaccination status in psoriasis patients on immunosuppressant therapy (including biologics)].
Present and future projections of habitat suitability of the Asian tiger mosquito, a vector of viral pathogens, from global climate simulation.
Population genomics reveals that an anthropophilic population of Aedes aegypti mosquitoes in West Africa recently gave rise to American and Asian populations of this major disease vector.
The Antigenic Structure of Zika Virus and Its Relation to Other Flaviviruses: Implications for Infection and Immunoprophylaxis.
Interaction of Zika Virus Envelope Protein with Glycosaminoglycans.
Latest developments and future directions in dengue vaccines.
Identifying Attenuating Mutations: Tools for a New Vaccine Design against Flaviviruses.
[One year of infectious diseases : a review].
Host Range Restriction of Insect-Specific Flaviviruses Occurs at Several Levels of the Viral Life Cycle.
Discovery of flavivirus-derived endogenous viral elements in <i>Anopheles</i> mosquito genomes supports the existence of <i>Anopheles</i>-associated insect-specific flaviviruses.
Zika Virus Disease.
Histopathology of vaccine-preventable diseases.
Adjuvanting a Simian Immunodeficiency Virus Vaccine with Toll-Like Receptor Ligands Encapsulated in Nanoparticles Induces Persistent Antibody Responses and Enhanced Protection in TRIM5α Restrictive Macaques.
Laboratory Diagnosis of Zika Virus Infection.
Predicting arboviral disease emergence using Bayesian networks: a case study of dengue virus in Western Australia.
[Antiviral immunization of immunocompromised adults, literature review].
Immunocompromised travellers.
Mosquito-Borne Diseases and Omics: Salivary Gland Proteome of the Female Aedes aegypti Mosquito.
ICTV Virus Taxonomy Profile: Flaviviridae.
Malpighian Tubules as Novel Targets for Mosquito Control.
Proteomics informed by transcriptomics for characterising active transposable elements and genome annotation in Aedes aegypti.
Sarniensine, a mesembrine-type alkaloid isolated from Nerine sarniensis, an indigenous South African Amaryllidaceae, with larvicidal and adulticidal activities against Aedes aegypti.
Efficacy of the broad-spectrum antiviral compound BCX4430 against Zika virus in cell culture and in a mouse model.
Trypsin inhibitor from Leucaena leucocephala seeds delays and disrupts the development of Aedes aegypti, a multiple-disease vector.
Identification of novel small-molecule inhibitors of West Nile virus infection.
Size, sounds and sex: interactions between body size and harmonic convergence signals determine mating success in Aedes aegypti.
Rhamnolipids: solution against Aedes aegypti?
Surveillance of Aedes aegypti: comparison of house index with four alternative traps.
Synthesis of eco-friendly silver nanoparticles from Morinda tinctoria leaf extract and its larvicidal activity against Culex quinquefasciatus.
Acute arboviral infections in Guinea, West Africa, 2006.
Mosquito Oviposition Behavior and Vector Control.
Identification of a New Broadly Cross-reactive Epitope within Domain III of the Duck Tembusu Virus E Protein.
Vertical Transmission of Zika Virus in Aedes aegypti Mosquitoes.
Moments when time stood still: nursing in disaster.
IDENTIFICATION AND EXPRESSION ANALYSIS OF TWO 14-3-3 PROTEINS IN THE MOSQUITO Aedes aegypti, AN IMPORTANT ARBOVIRUSES VECTOR.
Zika virus: a new arboviral public health problem.
The WHO AFRO external quality assessment programme (EQAP): Linking laboratory networks through EQA programmes.
Comparison of Two Detailed Models of <i>Aedes aegypti</i> Population Dynamics.
Zika mosquito vectors: the jury is still out.
Cuba: Time to Expand Health in All Policies.
Lipids and flaviviruses, present and future perspectives for the control of dengue, Zika, and West Nile viruses.
Sodium Channel Mutations and Pyrethroid Resistance in Aedes aegypti.
Genome Investigations of Vector Competence in Aedes aegypti to Inform Novel Arbovirus Disease Control Approaches.
Zika Virus Infection and Microcephaly: Evidence for a Causal Link.
Polio Eradication Initiative (PEI) contribution in strengthening public health laboratories systems in the African region.
Comparative proteome analysis reveals that blood and sugar meals induce differential protein expression in Aedes aegypti female heads.
Coupling of replication and assembly in flaviviruses.
Urbanization increases Aedes albopictus larval habitats and accelerates mosquito development and survivorship.
Use of a surrogate chimeric virus to detect West Nile virus-neutralizing antibodies in avian and equine sera.
[Acute hepatitis in infectious diseases].
Emergence and Spreading Potential of Zika Virus.
Chemotherapeutic potentials of the stem bark of Balanite aegyptiaca (L.) Delile: an antiangiogenic, antitumor and antioxidant agent.
Molecular detection of flaviviruses and alphaviruses in mosquitoes (Diptera: Culicidae) from coastal ecosystems in the Colombian Caribbean.
Pyrethroid resistance in Aedes aegypti and Aedes albopictus: Important mosquito vectors of human diseases.
Essential Oil Composition of Pimpinella cypria and its Insecticidal, Cytotoxic, and Antimicrobial Activity.
Cross-reactive antibodies enhance live attenuated virus infection for increased immunogenicity.
The health of seamen in anti-slavery squadrons.
Nitazoxanide: a first-in-class broad-spectrum antiviral agent.
Vaccination in elite athletes.
Travel vaccination recommendations and endemic infection risks in solid organ transplantation recipients.
Differential protein expression in the midgut of Culex quinquefasciatus mosquitoes induced by the insecticide temephos.
Interplay between Inflammation and Cellular Stress Triggered by Flaviviridae Viruses.
Vaccination knowledge, attitude and practice among Chinese travelers who visit travel clinics in Preparation for international travel.
[Vaccinations for overseas travelers--new evidence and recommendations].
The Journal 150 & 100 years ago. September 1848 and 1898.
Reply to Dr Schmid et al.
Use of Flaviviral genetic fragments as a potential prevention strategy for HIV-1 Silencing.
Noguchi's contributions to science.
Flavivirus NS1: a multifaceted enigmatic viral protein.
Cytokine Profile of Children Hospitalized with Virologically-Confirmed Dengue during Two Phase III Vaccine Efficacy Trials.
Metarhizium brunneum Blastospore Pathogenesis in Aedes aegypti Larvae: Attack on Several Fronts Accelerates Mortality.
A vaccine effective against Zika virus is theoretically possible but may not be delivered anytime soon.
Vaccinations for Neuroinfectious Disease: A Global Health Priority.
Dengue vaccines: Are they safe for travelers?
Detection of dengue group viruses by fluorescence in situ hybridization.
A CRISPR screen defines a signal peptide processing pathway required by flaviviruses.
The use of Aedes aegypti larvae attractants to enhance the effectiveness of larvicides.
Larvicidal, pupicidal, repellent and adulticidal activity of Citrus sinensis orange peel extract against Anopheles stephensi, Aedes aegypti and Culex quinquefasciatus (Diptera: Culicidae).
A live, attenuated recombinant West Nile virus vaccine.
[Epidemics and disease during the Revolution Period in Mexico].
Epidemiologic study of arboviruses in the Arba-Minch district of Ethiopia.
Inhibition of Zika virus by <i>Wolbachia</i> in <i>Aedes aegypti</i>.
Interim Guidance for Interpretation of Zika Virus Antibody Test Results.
Phylogenetic Analysis of <i>Aedes aegypti</i> Based on Mitochondrial <i>ND4</i> Gene Sequences in Almadinah, Saudi Arabia.
Zika virus: History, emergence, biology, and prospects for control.
Injection Site Lichenoid Dermatitis Following Pneumococcal Vaccination: Report and Review of Cutaneous Conditions Occurring at Vaccination Sites.
Evaluation and optimization of SYBR Green real-time reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction as a tool for diagnosis of the Flavivirus genus in Brazil.
Correlating Flavivirus virulence and levels of intrinsic disorder in shell proteins: protective roles vs. immune evasion.
Biological and Chemical Characterization of a New Larvicide Ovitrap Made of Plastic With Pyriproxyfen Incorporated for Aedes aegypti (Diptera: Culicidae) Control.
Vaccinations for rheumatoid arthritis.
[Multiplex real-time PCR method for rapid detection of Marburg virus and Ebola virus].
Application of post-PCR methods for analysis of mosquito densovirus.
Current perspectives in transfusion-transmitted infectious diseases: emerging and re-emerging infections.
A glance at subgenomic flavivirus RNAs and microRNAs in flavivirus infections.
Spatial and temporal country-wide survey of temephos resistance in Brazilian populations of Aedes aegypti.
Arboviruses and apoptosis: the role of cell death in determining vector competence.
High specificity of a novel Zika virus ELISA in European patients after exposure to different flaviviruses.
The 3.8 Å resolution cryo-EM structure of Zika virus.
[Achievement by Hideyo Noguchi].
Reproductive Incompatibility Involving Senegalese Aedes aegypti (L) Is Associated with Chromosome Rearrangements.
The global spread of Zika virus: is public and media concern justified in regions currently unaffected?
The C-Terminal Tail of TRIM56 Dictates Antiviral Restriction of Influenza A and B Viruses by Impeding Viral RNA Synthesis.
Mosquito adulticidal activity of the leaf extracts of Spondias mombin L. against Aedes aegypti L. and isolation of active principles.
Transmission of Zika Virus Through Sexual Contact with Travelers to Areas of Ongoing Transmission - Continental United States, 2016.
Travel Vaccines Enter the Digital Age: Creating a Virtual Immunization Record.
Clara Louise Maass - nurse (1876-1901).
In response.
WHO advisory committee on immunization and vaccine related implementation research (IVIR, formerly QUIVER): executive summary report of 7th meeting.
Travel vaccines and elderly persons: review of vaccines available in the United States.
Genome-wide SNPs lead to strong signals of geographic structure and relatedness patterns in the major arbovirus vector, Aedes aegypti.
Role of heavy water in biological sciences with an emphasis on thermostabilization of vaccines.
Zika virus in Brazil and the danger of infestation by Aedes (Stegomyia) mosquitoes.
The Synthesis of Both Diastereomers of 5'-Methylhomoaristeromycin.
Paradoxical role of antibodies in dengue virus infections: considerations for prophylactic vaccine development.
Serologic Evidence of Flavivirus Infections in Peridomestic Rodents in Merida, Mexico.
[Study on the incidence and spatiotemporal dynamic variation of hemorrhagic fever with renal syndrome in Shandong province].
Crossing borders: one world, global health.
Adulticidal and repellent properties of indigenous plant extracts against Culex quinquefasciatus and Aedes aegypti (Diptera: Culicidae).
British merchant seafarers 1900-2010: A history of extreme risks of mortality from infectious disease.
'ANOTHER VECTOR BORNE CHALLENGE TO COMBAT- ZIKA VIRUS OUTBREAKS'.
Evolving RNA Virus Pandemics: HIV, HCV, Ebola, Dengue, Chikunguya, and now Zika!
Comprehensive Immunolocalization Studies of a Putative Serotonin Receptor from the Alimentary Canal of Aedes aegypti Larvae Suggest Its Diverse Roles in Digestion and Homeostasis.
Genes and Odors Underlying the Recent Evolution of Mosquito Preference for Humans.
The neurotranscriptome of the Aedes aegypti mosquito.
Effect of isodillapiole on the expression of the insecticide resistance genes GSTE7 and CYP6N12 in Aedes aegypti from central Amazonia.
Tree holes as larval habitats for Aedes aegypti in urban, suburban and forest habitats in a dengue affected area.
Recent rapid rise of a permethrin knock down resistance allele in Aedes aegypti in México.
Fake health certificate racket rife in Kenya.
Microsatellite loci cross-species transferability in Aedes fluviatilis (Diptera:Culicidae): a cost-effective approach for population genetics studies.
Larvicidal, ovicidal, and adulticidal efficacy of Erythrina indica (Lam.) (Family: Fabaceae) against Anopheles stephensi, Aedes aegypti, and Culex quinquefasciatus (Diptera: Culicidae).
Japanese encephalitis vaccine (inactivated, BIKEN) in U.S. soldiers: immunogenicity and safety of vaccine administered in two dosing regimens.
Defining Hsp70 Subnetworks in Dengue Virus Replication Reveals Key Vulnerability in Flavivirus Infection.
Recombinant Envelope-Proteins with Mutations in the Conserved Fusion Loop Allow Specific Serological Diagnosis of Dengue-Infections.
Behavioral Response of Aedes aegypti (Diptera: Culicidae) Larvae to Synthetic and Natural Attractants and Repellents.
Evaluation of silver nanoparticles toxicity of Arachis hypogaea peel extracts and its larvicidal activity against malaria and dengue vectors.
Viral hemorrhagic fevers.
Application of quantitative PCR for quantization of densovirus genome.
[Pregnancy and vaccinoprevention].
Primary EBV infection induces an expression profile distinct from other viruses but similar to hemophagocytic syndromes.
Protein kinase G phosphorylates mosquito-borne flavivirus NS5.
Vaccinations administered during off-clinic hours at a national community pharmacy: implications for increasing patient access and convenience.
Influence of FcγRIIa-Expressing Cells on the Assessment of Neutralizing and Enhancing Serum Antibodies Elicited by a Live-Attenuated Tetravalent Dengue Vaccine.
In silico models for predicting vector control chemicals targeting Aedes aegypti.
[Preclinical study of AV0012 early stage inhibitor of hepatitis C virus infection: I. In vitro ADME and pharmacokinetics].
Immuno-chromatographic wicking assay for the rapid detection of dengue viral antigens in mosquitoes (Diptera: Culicidae).
Aedes aegypti Mos20 cells internalizes cry toxins by endocytosis, and actin has a role in the defense against Cry11Aa toxin.
Noncoding subgenomic flavivirus RNA: multiple functions in West Nile virus pathogenesis and modulation of host responses.
Identifying gaps in research prioritization: The global burden of neglected tropical diseases as reflected in the Cochrane database of systematic reviews.
Limonoids from Melia azedarach Fruits as Inhibitors of Flaviviruses and Mycobacterium tubercolosis.
Acetylcholinesterases from the Disease Vectors Aedes aegypti and Anopheles gambiae: Functional Characterization and Comparisons with Vertebrate Orthologues.
GRP78/Dna K Is a Target for Nexavar/Stivarga/Votrient in the Treatment of Human Malignancies, Viral Infections and Bacterial Diseases.
Early triggering of exclusive IFN-gamma responses of human Vgamma9Vdelta2 T cells by TLR-activated myeloid and plasmacytoid dendritic cells.
Oviposition responses of Aedes mosquitoes to bacterial isolates from attractive bamboo infusions.
Multi-Cue Integration: How Female Mosquitoes Locate a Human Host.
Lot-to-lot consistency of a tetravalent dengue vaccine in healthy adults in Australia: a randomised study.
INFRAVEC: research capacity for the implementation of genetic control of mosquitoes.
Robust heat-inducible gene expression by two endogenous hsp70-derived promoters in transgenic Aedes aegypti.
[A medical history of Bernardo O'Higgins (1778-1842)].
Flavivirus Entry Inhibitors.
Zika Virus: Yet Another Emerging Threat to Nepal.
Meta-analysis of studies on chemical, physical and biological agents in the control of Aedes aegypti.
A corpora allata farnesyl diphosphate synthase in mosquitoes displaying a metal ion dependent substrate specificity.
Detection of Entebbe Bat Virus After 54 Years.
Biology of Zika Virus Infection in Human Skin Cells.
Development of a Hyperglycosylated IFN Alfacon-1 (CIFN): Toward Bimonthly or Monthly Dosing for Antiviral Therapies.
Functional non-coding RNAs derived from the flavivirus 3' untranslated region.
Norms and standards in epidemiology: case definitions.
Antiviral activity of geneticin against dengue virus.
[Experience of integrated traditional Chinese and Western medicine in first case of imported Zika virus disease in China].
Heme Signaling Impacts Global Gene Expression, Immunity and Dengue Virus Infectivity in Aedes aegypti.
Di-rhamnolipid is a mosquito pupicidal metabolite from Pseudomonas fluorescens (VCRC B426).
Virulency of novel nanolarvicide from Trichoderma atroviride against Aedes aegypti (Linn.): a CLSM analysis.
Thiosemicarbazones as Aedes aegypti larvicidal.
Modelling the immunological response to a tetravalent dengue vaccine from multiple phase-2 trials in Latin America and South East Asia.
Persistence of antibodies six years after booster vaccination with inactivated vaccine against Japanese encephalitis.
Comparison of Two Commercial Tick-Borne Encephalitis Virus IgG Enzyme-Linked Immunosorbent Assays.
Evidence of limited polyandry in a natural population of Aedes aegypti.
Genetic control of survival in epidemics.
Cultural categorization of febrile illnesses in correlation with herbal remedies used for treatment in Southwestern Nigeria.
Toxicity of Cephalaria Species and their Individual Constituents against Aedes aegypti.
Flaviviral NS4b, chameleon and jack-in-the-box roles in viral replication and pathogenesis, and a molecular target for antiviral intervention.
A pyrazolotriazolopyrimidinamine inhibitor of bovine viral diarrhea virus replication that targets the viral RNA-dependent RNA polymerase.
Characterization of Anopheles gambiae (African Malaria Mosquito) Ferritin and the Effect of Iron on Intracellular Localization in Mosquito Cells.
Complete Dosage Compensation in Anopheles stephensi and the Evolution of Sex-Biased Genes in Mosquitoes.
Characterization of the doublesex gene within the Culex pipiens complex suggests regulatory plasticity at the base of the mosquito sex determination cascade.
Promising Aedes aegypti repellent chemotypes identified through integrated QSAR, virtual screening, synthesis, and bioassay.
[The prevalence, prevention and treatment of cattle epidemic during the Han-Tang Period].
The social impact of medicine. Chapter 14.
Bites and mites: prevention and protection of vector-borne disease.
ChimeriVax-West Nile virus live-attenuated vaccine: preclinical evaluation of safety, immunogenicity, and efficacy.
[The mosquito-borne viruses in Europe].
1-Octen-3-ol - the attractant that repels.
Deaths following vaccination: What does the evidence show?
Blood serum and BSA, but neither red blood cells nor hemoglobin can support vitellogenesis and egg production in the dengue vector Aedes aegypti.
Candidate viral diseases for elimination or eradication.
Comparison of mosquito densoviruses: two clades of viruses isolated from indigenous mosquitoes.
Traveling with children.
Henrique da Rocha Lima.
Effects of proteinase inhibitor from Adenanthera pavonina seeds on short- and long term larval development of Aedes aegypti.
Polyenylcyclopropane carboxylic esters with high insecticidal activity.
[Current immunizations for travelers].
Profiling of viral proteins expressed from the genomic RNA of Japanese encephalitis virus using a panel of 15 region-specific polyclonal rabbit antisera: implications for viral gene expression.
Creams formulated with Ocimum gratissimum L. and Lantana camara L. crude extracts and fractions as mosquito repellents against Aedes aegypti L. (Diptera: Culicidae).
One more shot for the road: a review and update of vaccinations for pediatric international travelers.
The role of pre-existing cross-reactive antibodies in determining the efficacy of vaccination in humans: study protocol for a randomized controlled trial.
AealRACK1 expression and localization in response to stress in C6/36 HT mosquito cells.
Seroepidemiology of dengue in travellers: a paired sera analysis.
Medical aspects of bio-terrorism.
Nuclear receptors in the mosquito Aedes aegypti: annotation, hormonal regulation and expression profiling.
Live virus vaccines in transplantation: friend or foe?
Site-specific cassette exchange systems in the Aedes aegypti mosquito and the Plutella xylostella moth.
Genome engineering with CRISPR-Cas9 in the mosquito Aedes aegypti.
Mosquitocidal and antibacterial activity of green-synthesized silver nanoparticles from Aloe vera extracts: towards an effective tool against the malaria vector Anopheles stephensi?
Increased Akt signaling in the mosquito fat body increases adult survivorship.
PHYLOGENETIC ANALYSIS REVEALS GENETIC VARIATIONS OF DENSOVIRUS ISOLATED FROM FIELD MOSQUITOES IN BANGKOK AND SURROUNDING REGIONS.
Factors responsible for the emergence of arboviruses; strategies, challenges and limitations for their control.
Chitosan/interfering RNA nanoparticle mediated gene silencing in disease vector mosquito larvae.
Exome and transcriptome sequencing of Aedes aegypti identifies a locus that confers resistance to Brugia malayi and alters the immune response.
Mitochondrial physiology in the major arbovirus vector Aedes aegypti: substrate preferences and sexual differences define respiratory capacity and superoxide production.
Mediterranean essential oils as effective weapons against the West Nile vector Culex pipiens and the Echinostoma intermediate host Physella acuta: what happens around? An acute toxicity survey on non-target mayflies.
[Side effects of travel vaccinations. Data collection via telephone survey in Berlin].
Infected areas as at 7 March 2002.
Evaluating health outcomes following a pharmacist-provided comprehensive pretravel health clinic in a supermarket pharmacy.
The development of global vaccine stockpiles.
[Detection of flavivirus in mosquitoes (Diptera: Culicidae) from Easter Island-Chile].
Flavivirus reverse genetic systems, construction techniques and applications: a historical perspective.
A holistic evolutionary and structural study of flaviviridae provides insights into the function and inhibition of HCV helicase.
New insights into flavivirus evolution, taxonomy and biogeographic history, extended by analysis of canonical and alternative coding sequences.
Understanding the DNA damage response in order to achieve desired gene editing outcomes in mosquitoes.
Old ingredients for a new recipe? Neem cake, a low-cost botanical by-product in the fight against mosquito-borne diseases.
Nonstructural protein 1-specific immunoglobulin M and G antibody capture enzyme-linked immunosorbent assays in diagnosis of flaviviral infections in humans.
Effect of lambda cyhalothrin and temephos on detoxification enzyme systems in Culex quinquefasciatus (Diptera: Culicidae).
[The Caribbean origins of the National Public Health System in the USA: a global approach to the history of medicine and public health in Latin America].
Studies on arboviruses in Egypt. II. Contribution of arboviruses to the aetiology of undiagnosed fever among children.
[DETECTION OF ANTIBODIES (AMARIL VIRUS AND OTHER ARBOVIRUSES) IN SERA TAKEN IN ETHIOPIA FROM 1954 TO 1961].
DENGUE VACCINES.
Vaccine-preventable diseases in humanitarian emergencies among refugee and internally-displaced populations.
Systems biology from virus to humans.
Natural transovarial transmission of dengue virus 4 in Aedes aegypti from Cuiabá, State of Mato Grosso, Brazil.
Pyrethroid-resistance and presence of two knockdown resistance (kdr) mutations, F1534C and a novel mutation T1520I, in Indian Aedes aegypti.
Chitin is a necessary component to maintain the barrier function of the peritrophic matrix in the insect midgut.
Challenges and solutions for a rational vaccine design for TB-endemic regions.
Safety of immunization during pregnancy: a review of the evidence of selected inactivated and live attenuated vaccines.
Characterization of a novel insect-specific flavivirus from Brazil: potential for inhibition of infection of arthropod cells with medically important flaviviruses.
Gene flow, subspecies composition, and dengue virus-2 susceptibility among Aedes aegypti collections in Senegal.
International travel patterns and travel risks of patients diagnosed with cancer.
Suppressors of cytokine signaling 1 and 3 are upregulated in brain resident cells in response to virus-induced inflammation of the central nervous system via at least two distinctive pathways.
Variation of the specificity of the human antibody responses after tick-borne encephalitis virus infection and vaccination.
Assessing the efficacy of candidate mosquito repellents against the background of an attractive source that mimics a human host.
[The encampment of Lazear and the centenary of the confirmation of the Finlay doctrine].
[A serological survey of arboviruses in the human population of Senegal].
[A strain of amaril virus isolated from Aedes africanus in the Ivory Coast].
Serological survey for arboviruses in Uganda, 1967-69.
Live flavivirus vaccines: reasons for caution.
Flavivirus-mosquito interactions.
Development, characterization and application of monoclonal antibodies against Brazilian Dengue virus isolates.
Evolution of mosquito preference for humans linked to an odorant receptor.
Phospholipase A2 isolated from the venom of Crotalus durissus terrificus inactivates dengue virus and other enveloped viruses by disrupting the viral envelope.
Role of semaphorin-1a in the developing visual system of the disease vector mosquito Aedes aegypti.
Formulas of components of citronella oil against mosquitoes (Aedes aegypti).
Pathogenesis of the viral hemorrhagic fevers.
[Flavivirus seroepidemiology in blood donors in Mersin province, Turkey].
QTL mapping of genome regions controlling temephos resistance in larvae of the mosquito Aedes aegypti.
Excretion of NaCl and KCl loads in mosquitoes. 2. Effects of the small molecule Kir channel modulator VU573 and its inactive analog VU342.
Prevalence of MERS-CoV nasal carriage and compliance with the Saudi health recommendations among pilgrims attending the 2013 Hajj.
Medicinal and ethnoveterinary remedies of hunters in Trinidad.
The journal 150 & 100 years ago. October 1849 and 1899.
Divergent and conserved elements comprise the chemoreceptive repertoire of the nonblood-feeding mosquito Toxorhynchites amboinensis.
Lack of evidence that avian oncogenic viruses are infectious for humans: a review.
Live viral vaccines in transplanted patients.
What's that buzz? Mosquitoes and fruit flies commingle.
[Detection of anti-Lassa antibodies in the Western Forest area of the Ivory Coast].
[Dengue, arbovirus and migrations in the Indian Ocean].
[Vaccination in patients from Brasília cohort with early rheumatoid arthritis].
Molecular and phytochemical investigation of Angelica dahurica and Angelica pubescentis essential oils and their biological activity against Aedes aegypti, Stephanitis pyrioides, and Colletotrichum species.
Flaviviral RNAs: weapons and targets in the war between virus and host.
Canine rangeliosis due to Rangelia vitalii: from first report in Brazil in 1910 to current day - a review.
A profile of travelers--an analysis from a large swiss travel clinic.
Liver histopathology and biological correlates in five cases of fatal dengue fever in Vietnamese children.
Reasons for encounter by different levels of urgency in out-of-hours emergency primary health care in Norway: a cross sectional study.
Vaccine Platforms to Control Arenaviral Hemorrhagic Fevers.
The biography of the immune system and the control of cancer: from St Peregrine to contemporary vaccination strategies.
Vaccination with Gag, Vif, and Nef gene fragments affords partial control of viral replication after mucosal challenge with SIVmac239.
Anti-mosquito plants as an alternative or incremental method for malaria vector control among rural communities of Bagamoyo District, Tanzania.
Replication of many human viruses is refractory to inhibition by endogenous cellular microRNAs.
Simple, specific molecular typing of dengue virus isolates using one-step RT-PCR and restriction fragment length polymorphism.
Identification of linear human B-cell epitopes of tick-borne encephalitis virus.
Immune response to the mumps component of the MMR vaccine in the routine of immunisation services in the Brazilian National Immunisation Program.
New genetic variation of Aedes albopictus densovirus isolated from mosquito C6/36 cell line.
When is a disease eradicable? 100 years of lessons learned.
Stress responses in flavivirus-infected cells: activation of unfolded protein response and autophagy.
History of biological warfare and bioterrorism.
Assessment of methods used to determine the safety of the topical insect repellent N,N-diethyl-m-toluamide (DEET).
Genetic differentiation of invasive Aedes albopictus by RAPD-PCR: implications for effective vector control.
Structure and function of flavivirus NS5 methyltransferase.
Biomarkers of safety and immune protection for genetically modified live attenuated leishmania vaccines against visceral leishmaniasis - discovery and implications.
The impact of temperature on the bionomics of Aedes (Stegomyia) aegypti, with special reference to the cool geographic range margins.
Dengue: challenges for policy makers and vaccine developers.
Polymerases of hepatitis C viruses and flaviviruses: structural and mechanistic insights and drug development.
Larvicidal potential of silver nanoparticles synthesized from Leucas aspera leaf extracts against dengue vector Aedes aegypti.
The Detachment Hospital Corps, Columbia Barracks, Cuba 1900.
Letter: Walter Reed to Henry R. Carter, February 26, 1901      .
Memorandum, the surgeon general to the adjutant general May 23, 1900.
Identification of bacteria and bacteria-associated chemical cues that mediate oviposition site preferences by Aedes aegypti.
Travelling for work: seeking advice in South Africa.
Dynamics of the emergence and establishment of a newly dominant genotype of Japanese encephalitis virus throughout Asia.
Differential transcription profiles in Aedes aegypti detoxification genes after temephos selection.
Harnessing mosquito-Wolbachia symbiosis for vector and disease control.
Letter: Walter Reed to Emilie Reed, December 31, 1900    .
Biography of Aristides Agramonte.
[Increased travelling--increased risk of imported viruses. A review of the diagnostic capacity of the Swedish Institute for Infectious Disease Control].
Systems vaccinology: learning to compute the behavior of vaccine induced immunity.
Travelers' knowledge, attitudes and practices on the prevention of infectious diseases: results from a study at Johannesburg International Airport.
Four-way regulation of mosquito yolk protein precursor genes by juvenile hormone-, ecdysone-, nutrient-, and insulin-like peptide signaling pathways.
Seroprevalence of flaviviruses antibodies in water buffaloes (Bubalus bubalis) in Brazilian Amazon.
Performance of immunoglobulin G (IgG) and IgM enzyme-linked immunosorbent assays using a West Nile virus recombinant antigen (preM/E) for detection of West Nile virus- and other flavivirus-specific antibodies.
[Vaccinations of the traveller].
Immunisation strategies for viral diseases in developing countries.
Rapid protein profiling facilitates surveillance of invasive mosquito species.
Correlative scanning-transmission electron microscopy reveals that a chimeric flavivirus is released as individual particles in secretory vesicles.
A push-pull system to reduce house entry of malaria mosquitoes.
Knowledge, attitudes, and practices of US practitioners who provide pre-travel advice.
The spectrum of post-vaccination inflammatory CNS demyelinating syndromes.
Pre-travel preparation of US travelers going abroad to provide humanitarian service, Global TravEpiNet 2009-2011.
Larvicidal potential of silver nanoparticles synthesized from Leucas aspera leaf extracts against dengue vector Aedes aegypti.
Odorant receptor-mediated sperm activation in disease vector mosquitoes.
The novel isoxazoline ectoparasiticide fluralaner: selective inhibition of arthropod γ-aminobutyric acid- and L-glutamate-gated chloride channels and insecticidal/acaricidal activity.
Internal ribosome entry site-based attenuation of a flavivirus candidate vaccine and evaluation of the effect of beta interferon coexpression on vaccine properties.
Impact of elevated CO2 background levels on the host-seeking behaviour of Aedes aegypti.
Plant extracts as potential mosquito larvicides.
Chemical composition and larvicidal activity of essential oil from Mentha spicata (Linn.) against three mosquito species.
The countrie continues sicklie': white mortality in Jamaica, 1655-1780.
[Health education as "safety belt" for the patient. How travel medicine fits into general practice].
[The incorporation of activities to control dengue by community health agents].
Generation of infectious virus particles from inducible transgenic genomes.
Trend in proportions of missed children during polio supplementary immunization activities in the African Region: evidence from independent monitoring data 2010-2012.
Epidemiology of tree-hole breeding mosquitoes in the tropical rainforest of Imo State, south-east Nigeria.
Dengue vaccine: a valuable asset for the future.
Construction of self-replicating subgenomic dengue virus 4 (DENV4) replicon.
The hypoglycemic effect of the aqueous extract of the fruits of Balanites aegypticea in Alloxan-induced diabetic rats.
Synthesis of the insecticide prothrin and its analogues from biomass-derived 5-(chloromethyl)furfural.
UV light and urban pollution: bad cocktail for mosquitoes?
Mechanism for maturation-related reorganization of flavivirus glycoproteins.
Using satellite remote sensing and household survey data to assess human health and nutrition response to environmental change.
[Taxonomy of the Sokuluk virus (SOKV) (Flaviviridae, Flavivirus, Entebbe bat virus group) isolated from bats (Vespertilio pipistrellus Schreber, 1774), ticks (Argasidae Koch, 1844), and birds in Kyrgyzstan].
Larvicidal Activity of Cassia occidentalis (Linn.) against the Larvae of Bancroftian Filariasis Vector Mosquito Culex quinquefasciatus.
Assembly of the genome of the disease vector Aedes aegypti onto a genetic linkage map allows mapping of genes affecting disease transmission.
Insights into the preservation of the homomorphic sex-determining chromosome of Aedes aegypti from the discovery of a male-biased gene tightly linked to the M-locus.
Japanese B Encephalitis: An Overview of the Disease and Use of Chimerivax-JE as a Preventative Vaccine.
Medicine in old Fort Smith: struggles with mud and quacks.
Metarhizium anisopliae pathogenesis of mosquito larvae: a verdict of accidental death.
Situating mortality: quantifying crisis points and periods of stability.
Requirement for commissureless2 function during dipteran insect nerve cord development.
Silencing of P-glycoprotein increases mortality in temephos-treated Aedes aegypti larvae.
Optimal control of chikungunya disease: larvae reduction, treatment and prevention.
Impact of vaccines given during pregnancy on the offspring of women consulting a travel clinic: a longitudinal study.
Risks to young volunteers in international social projects.
Frontier medicine. Texas doctors overcome disease and despair.
Rapid detection of dengue virus in serum using magnetic separation and fluorescence detection.
Effects of grapefruit (Citrus paradisi MACF) (Rutaceae) peel oil against developmental stages of Aedes aegypti (Diptera: Culicidae).
Non-structural protein-1 is required for West Nile virus replication complex formation and viral RNA synthesis.
West Nile virus vaccine.
Safety and immunogenicity of a recombinant tetravalent dengue vaccine in 9-16 year olds: a randomized, controlled, phase II trial in Latin America.
Antibody-dependent enhancement of dengue virus infection is inhibited by SA-17, a doxorubicin derivative.
Synthesis and antiviral activity of novel derivatives of 2'-beta-C-methylcytidine.
Is the brazilian diverse environment is a crib for the emergence and maintenance of exotic arboviruses?
A Role for RNA Viruses in the Pathogenesis of Burkitt's Lymphoma: The Need for Reappraisal.
Mosquito genomics: progress and challenges.
[Bronchitis obliterans associated with bronchiolitis obliterans with organizing pneumonia in a child and literature review].
Natural compounds against flaviviral infections.
Vaccination in Brazilian HIV-infected adults: a cross-sectional study.
Genetic structure of Aedes aegypti populations determined using pairwise comparisons.
Hospital-based surveillance for viral hemorrhagic fevers and hepatitides in Ghana.
Proof of concept for a novel insecticide bioassay based on sugar feeding by adult Aedes aegypti (Stegomyia aegypti).
MITCHELL ON THE CAUSE OF FEVERS.
G protein-coupled receptor kinase 2 promotes flaviviridae entry and replication.
Contrasting patterns of tolerance between chemical and biological insecticides in mosquitoes exposed to UV-A.
Multi-gene detection and identification of mosquito-borne RNA viruses using an oligonucleotide microarray.
Novel dicarboxylate selectivity in an insect glutamate transporter homolog.
Urbanization and geographic expansion of zoonotic arboviral diseases: mechanisms and potential strategies for prevention.
Larval rearing temperature influences the effect of malathion on Aedes aegypti life history traits and immune responses.
Emerging viral pathogens in long-term expatriates (II): Dengue virus.
Trends of major disease outbreaks in the African region, 2003-2007.
Post-integration silencing of piggyBac transposable elements in Aedes aegypti.
Pre-travel consultation: evaluation of primary care physician practice in the Franche-Comté region.
The past and present threat of vector-borne diseases in deployed troops.
Agreement Between Integrated Management of Childhood Illness and Final Diagnosis in Acute Respiratory Tract Infections.
Undiagnosed fever--rickettsial, viral, and helminth infections.
[Immunomodulators and specific inactivated vaccines in urgent prophylaxis under experimental arboviral infection].
Between the Carlo R. and the Orleannais: public health and maritime prophylaxis in the description of two cases of ships transporting immigrants arriving in the port of Rio de Janeiro, 1893-1907.
Bioactivity of plant extracts on the larval and pupal stages of Aedes aegypti (Diptera, Culicidea).
Prevalence of antibodies to alphaviruses and flaviviruses in free-ranging game animals and nonhuman primates in the greater Congo basin.
CD40L expression permits CD8+ T cells to execute immunologic helper functions.
Application of modified shell vial culture procedure for arbovirus detection.
Inhibition of Japanese encephalitis virus infection by flavivirus recombinant E protein domain III.
Four simple stimuli that induce host-seeking and blood-feeding behaviors in two mosquito species, with a clue to DEET's mode of action.
Flavivirus NS3 and NS5 proteins interaction network: a high-throughput yeast two-hybrid screen.
[Pre travel advice - a study among Swiss general practitioners].
Characterization of a novel flavivirus isolated from Culex (Melanoconion) ocossa mosquitoes from Iquitos, Peru.
Thermodynamic stability of domain III from the envelope protein of flaviviruses and its improvement by molecular design.
Disruption of Aedes aegypti olfactory system development through chitosan/siRNA nanoparticle targeting of semaphorin-1a.
Malaria infection does not affect the sensitivity of peripheral receptor neurons in Anopheles stephensi.
Family compliance with counseling for children traveling to the tropics.
Emerging vector-borne flavivirus diseases: are vaccines the solution?
Human arbovirus infections worldwide.
Cooler temperatures destabilize RNA interference and increase susceptibility of disease vector mosquitoes to viral infection.
Global climate change and infectious diseases.
An epidemiologic and serologic study of arboviruses in Lake Rudolf basin.
Larvicidal potential of some plants from West Africa against Culex quinquefasciatus (Say) and Anopheles gambiae Giles (Diptera: Culicidae).
Chemical composition, antifungal and insecticidal activities of Hedychium essential oils.
Carlos Finlay's life and the death of Yellow Jack.
The ghost of Yellow Jack.
Mosquitoes, leeches and medicine in Charleston, South Carolina (1670-1861).
Virions and virus-associated structures within dendrites in an experimental flavovirus encephalomyelitis.
Dual African origins of global Aedes aegypti s.l. populations revealed by mitochondrial DNA.
A simple, inexpensive, robust and sensitive dot-blot assay for equal detection of the nonstructural-1 glycoprotein of all dengue virus serotypes.
Scanning electron microscopy of eggs of Sabethes cyaneus.
The NUITM-KEMRI P3 Laboratory in Kenya: Establishment, Features, Operation and Maintenance.
Functional genetic characterization of salivary gland development in Aedes aegypti.
Bloodfeeding patterns of sylvatic arbovirus vectors in southeastern Senegal.
Beyond insecticides: new thinking on an ancient problem.
Optimization of the cutoff value for a commercial anti-dengue virus IgG immunoassay.
Neuropeptidomics of the Australian sheep blowfly Lucilia cuprina (Wiedemann) and related Diptera.
[Expanded program of vaccination. Results and prospects].
Isolation and characterization of Borrelia hermsii associated with two foci of tick-borne relapsing fever in California.
Seroprevalence and distribution of arboviral infections among rural Kenyan adults: a cross-sectional study.
Unhealthiness, disease, and immigration: german views of Brazil.
Mosquito attractant blends to trap host seeking Aedes aegypti.
Ovicidal, repellent, adulticidal and field evaluations of plant extract against dengue, malaria and filarial vectors.
Trypsin-like serine peptidase profiles in the egg, larval, and pupal stages of Aedes albopictus.
Evolution of resistance to satyrization through reproductive character displacement in populations of invasive dengue vectors.
Brazilian Flavivirus phylogeny based on NS5.
Replicative/transcription enzymes of Flaviviridae.
Blood meal induced microRNA regulates development and immune associated genes in the Dengue mosquito vector, Aedes aegypti.
Characteristics of travellers from bosnia and herzegovina to Africa.
Species composition and population dynamics of Aedes mosquitoes, potential vectors of arboviruses, at the container terminal of the autonomous port of Abidjan, Côte d'Ivoire.
Detection of arboviruses and other micro-organisms in experimentally infected mosquitoes using massively parallel sequencing.
Intertwined arbovirus transmission activity: reassessing the transmission cycle paradigm.
Immune evasion strategies of flaviviruses.
LY6E mediates an evolutionarily conserved enhancement of virus infection by targeting a late entry step.
WHO Expert Committee on Biological Standardization.
Proteomic biomarkers for ageing the mosquito Aedes aegypti to determine risk of pathogen transmission.
[Reverse genetics system for flaviviruses].
Associative learning in the dengue vector mosquito, Aedes aegypti: avoidance of a previously attractive odor or surface color that is paired with an aversive stimulus.
Larval ecology of mosquitoes in sylvatic arbovirus foci in southeastern Senegal.
A Rare Case of Cutaneous Diffuse Large B-cell Lymphoma Presenting as a Chronic "Infectious" Skin Ulcer.
Flaviviruses and their antigenic structure.
Intracellular immune responses of dipteran insects.
Aedes aegypti (Diptera: Culicidae) biting deterrence: structure-activity relationship of saturated and unsaturated fatty acids.
Discovery of antagonists of tick dopamine receptors via chemical library screening and comparative pharmacological analyses.
[Screening and identification of dengue virus type 2-specific antigens].
Impact of infection or vaccination on pre-existing serological memory.
Ovary ecdysteroidogenic hormone activates egg maturation in the mosquito Georgecraigius atropalpus after adult eclosion or a blood meal.
Research advances in plant-made flavivirus antigens.
Human viruses: discovery and emergence.
Duration and dose-dependency of female sexual receptivity responses to seminal fluid proteins in Aedes albopictus and Ae. aegypti mosquitoes.
Viral vectors for malaria vaccine development.
[Tourism, imported parasitic diseases, and their prevention].
Investigation of the Cry4B-prohibitin interaction in Aedes aegypti cells.
Immunising the HIV-infected child: a view from sub-Saharan Africa.
Ribavirin derivatives with a hexitol moiety: synthesis and antiviral evaluation.
Human TSCM cell dynamics in vivo are compatible with long-lived immunological memory and stemness.
Genomic resources for invertebrate vectors of human pathogens, and the role of VectorBase.
Demographics, health and travel characteristics of international travellers at a pre-travel clinic in Marseille, France.
Synthesis, crystal structure and larvicidal activity of novel diamide derivatives against Culex pipiens.
Human arboviral encephalitis.
Effect of intermittent preventive treatment for malaria during infancy on serological responses to measles and other vaccines used in the Expanded Programme on Immunization: results from five randomised controlled trials.
Silica nanoparticle: a potential new insecticide for mosquito vector control.
Stability, oviposition attraction, and larvicidal activity of binary toxin from Bacillus sphaericus expressed in Escherichia coli.
Web-based GIS: the vector-borne disease airline importation risk (VBD-AIR) tool.
Identification of a novel antiviral inhibitor of the flavivirus guanylyltransferase enzyme.
Characterization of a peptide domain within the GB virus C envelope glycoprotein (E2) that inhibits HIV replication.
The kinase inhibitor SFV785 dislocates dengue virus envelope protein from the replication complex and blocks virus assembly.
Measuring the burden of arboviral diseases: the spectrum of morbidity and mortality from four prevalent infections.
Heritability and adaptive phenotypic plasticity of adult body size in the mosquito Aedes aegypti with implications for dengue vector competence.
[Historical notes on Infectious Diseases Hospital Francisco Javier Muñiz in Buenos Aires, Argentina].
Analysis of the complete genome of Tembusu virus, a flavivirus isolated from ducks in China.
Development and evaluation of a one-step SYBR-Green I-based real-time RT-PCR assay for the detection and quantification of Chikungunya virus in human, monkey and mosquito samples.
Development and evaluation of a formalin-inactivated West Nile Virus vaccine (WN-VAX) for a human vaccine candidate.
VIGOR extended to annotate genomes for additional 12 different viruses.
Constant pH molecular dynamics (CpHMD) and mutation studies: insights into AaegOBP1 pH-induced ligand releasing mechanism.
Undiagnosed Pheochromocytoma Simulating Malignant Hyperthermia.
Breeding structure of Aedes aegypti populations in Mexico varies by region.
[Mayaro: a re-emerging Arbovirus in Venezuela and Latin America].
[First Travel Medicine Center in a public hospital from Buenos Aires Province, Argentina Republic: The first 2 years of experience].
Domain III peptides from flavivirus envelope protein are useful antigens for serologic diagnosis and targets for immunization.
Dengue Vaccine: The Current Status.
Enhanced arbovirus surveillance with deep sequencing: Identification of novel rhabdoviruses and bunyaviruses in Australian mosquitoes.
Evaluation of the safety and immunogenicity of the RTS,S/AS01E malaria candidate vaccine when integrated in the expanded program of immunization.
Detection of mosquito-only flaviviruses in Europe.
[Analysis of evolution of vaccine coverage in Niakhar, a rural area of Senegal, between 1984 and 2003].
[The French maritime health police in the 19th century].
[Hepatitis: a longstanding companion in human history].
Genetic mapping a meiotic driver that causes sex ratio distortion in the mosquito Aedes aegypti.
The host-seeking inhibitory peptide, Aea-HP-1, is made in the male accessory gland and transferred to the female during copulation.
The achievements of William Crawford Gorgas.
Microclimate and human factors in the divergent ecology of Aedes aegypti along the Arizona, U.S./Sonora, MX border.
Aggregate travel vs. single trip assessment: arguments for cumulative risk analysis.
Phylogeography of Aedes aegypti in Argentina: long-distance colonization and rapid restoration of fragmented relicts after a continental control campaign.
Characterization of a new highly mosquitocidal isolate of Bacillusthuringiensis--an alternative to Bti?
Preventing infectious diseases in long-term travelers to rural Africa.
Spatial distribution of arboviral mosquito vectors (Diptera, Culicidae) in Vale do Ribeira in the South-eastern Brazilian Atlantic Forest.
WHO Expert Committee on Biological Standardization.
The dengue vector Aedes aegypti contains a functional high mobility group box 1 (HMGB1) protein with a unique regulatory C-terminus.
The antioxidant role of xanthurenic acid in the Aedes aegypti midgut during digestion of a blood meal.
Pinpointing P450s associated with pyrethroid metabolism in the dengue vector, Aedes aegypti: developing new tools to combat insecticide resistance.
Class II ADP-ribosylation factors are required for efficient secretion of dengue viruses.
Insects as weapons of war, terror, and torture.
Enhanced activity of an insecticidal protein, trypsin modulating oostatic factor (TMOF), through conjugation with aliphatic polyethylene glycol.
Immunization in the adult immunocompromised host.
A single tube RT-PCR assay for the detection of mosquito-borne flaviviruses.
Why are neurons susceptible to Zika virus?
Functional single-virus-polyelectrolyte hybrids make large-scale applications of viral nanoparticles more efficient.
Silent circulation of arboviruses in Cameroon.
[Why, Clara, why?].
Immunizations and pregnancy: an update for pharmacists.
Identification of Wolbachia strains in mosquito disease vectors.
Expression profile of genes during resistance reversal in a temephos selected strain of the dengue vector, Aedes aegypti.
[The five pillars of family and individual protection against mosquitoes, vectors of pathogenic agents].
An analogue of the antibiotic teicoplanin prevents flavivirus entry in vitro.
In silico modeling of ligand molecule for non structural 3 (NS3) protein target of flaviviruses.
A "genome-to-lead" approach for insecticide discovery: pharmacological characterization and screening of Aedes aegypti D(1)-like dopamine receptors.
Vaccination against infection in patients with multiple sclerosis.
Systems biology in the development of HIV vaccines.
Vaccination and risk of type 1 diabetes mellitus in active component U.S. Military, 2002-2008.
Monoclonal antibodies against dengue NS2B and NS3 proteins for the study of protein interactions in the flaviviral replication complex.
"IDEAL" vaccines for resource poor settings.
Essential oils of Cupressus funebris, Juniperus communis, and J. chinensis (Cupressaceae) as repellents against ticks (Acari: Ixodidae) and mosquitoes (Diptera: Culicidae) and as toxicants against mosquitoes.
[Not Available].
Effect of in vitro cultivation on the pathogenicity of West Nile virus.
[Not Available].
[Not Available].
[Not Available].
[Not Available].
RNA interference screen for human genes associated with West Nile virus infection.
[Travellers to South America].
The disasters and epidemics of a river town: Memphis, Tennessee 1819-1879.
[Not Available].
Effect of in vitro cultivation on the pathogenicity of West Nile virus.
[Not Available].
[Not Available].
[Not Available].
Synthetic double-stranded RNA induces innate immune responses similar to a live viral vaccine in humans.
Awareness of healthcare workers regarding preventive measures of communicable diseases among Hajj pilgrims at the entry point in Western Saudi Arabia.
Inhibition of dengue virus by targeting viral NS4B protein.
Histochemical and ultrastructural studies of the mosquito Aedes aegypti fat body: effects of aging and diet type.
Things to know when preparing to travel.
[Analysis of after-vacination side-effects occurred in Teresina].
Molecular mechanisms of flavivirus membrane fusion.
Biography of Walter Reed.
Can prior vaccinations against certain infections confer protection against developing melanoma?
Vaccines and future global health needs.
Safety and efficacy of the RTS,S/AS01E candidate malaria vaccine given with expanded-programme-on-immunisation vaccines: 19 month follow-up of a randomised, open-label, phase 2 trial.
[Combined (associated) vaccination against quarantinable infections].
Max Theiler: yellow jack and the jackpot.
Antioxidant activities of the leaves of Chrysophyllum albidum G.
Perceptions and home management practices of malaria in some rural communities in Abeokuta, Nigeria.
Genetic studies of flavivirus resistance in inbred strains derived from wild mice: evidence for a new resistance allele at the flavivirus resistance locus (Flv).
Immunization for overseas travel.
The other Dr Finlay is commemorated in Cuban stamps.
From ague to West Nile.
Present and future arboviral threats.
Japanese Encephalitis Vaccines.
Epidemiological significance of the breeding of mosquitoes in discarded automobile tyres in Zaria, Northern Nigeria.
The application of photosensitisers to tropical pathogens in the blood supply.
The interaction of flavivirus M protein with light chain Tctex-1 of human dynein plays a role in late stages of virus replication.
Worldwide patterns of genetic differentiation imply multiple 'domestications' of Aedes aegypti, a major vector of human diseases.
Emerging viral threats in Gabon: health capacities and response to the risk of emerging zoonotic diseases in Central Africa.
Genetic isolation by distance among Aedes aegypti populations along the northeastern coast of Mexico.
[Hepatitis C virus infection mimicking hemorrhagic fever: a case report]
Larval environmental stress alters Aedes aegypti competence for Sindbis virus.
Targeted gene expression in the transgenic Aedes aegypti using the binary Gal4-UAS system.
Increase in EPI vaccines coverage after implementation of intermittent preventive treatment of malaria in infant with Sulfadoxine -pyrimethamine in the district of Kolokani, Mali: results from a cluster randomized control trial.
The immunization status of patients with IBD is alarmingly poor before the introduction of specific guidelines.
Reappearance of Aedes aegypti (Diptera: Culicidae) in Lima, Peru.
[Serological survey of viruses transmitted by arthropods].
Vector competence of New Zealand mosquitoes for selected arboviruses.
Serologic evidence of arboviral infections among humans in Kenya.
TNF-α Antagonists and Immunization.
Impacts of climate change on public health in India: future research directions.
Biochemical evidence of efficacy of potash alum for the control of dengue vector Aedes aegypti (Linnaeus).
Hideyo Noguchi (1876-1928): his final effort.
An account of the epidemic fevers that prevailed in the city of New York from 1791 to 1822.
Seasonal variation of potential flavivirus vectors in an urban biological reserve in northeastern Brazil.
Virulence, parasite mode of transmission, and host fluctuating asymmetry.
Stephen Girard (1750-1831): a one-eyed American patriot.
Vaccination of patients with diabetes mellitus--a retrospective study.
2,3-Dihydro-1,2-Diphenyl-substituted 4H-Pyridinone derivatives as new anti Flaviviridae inhibitors.
Effect of CO₂ and 1-octen-3-ol attractants for estimating species richness and the abundance of diurnal mosquitoes in the southeastern Atlantic forest, Brazil.
Drinking a hot blood meal elicits a protective heat shock response in mosquitoes.
[Images of health, illness, and development: Latin-America's Rockefeller Foundation's photographs].
Safety and immunogenicity of a chimeric vaccine for West Nile virus in aged subjects.
Tracking vaccine-safety inquiries to detect signals and monitor public concerns.
A diverse range of gene products are effectors of the type I interferon antiviral response.
Anointing chemicals and hematophagous arthropods: responses by ticks and mosquitoes to citrus (Rutaceae) peel exudates and monoterpene components.
Let's clear the air of that nocturnal miasma. Cigar anyone?
Health conditions for travellers to Saudi Arabia.
Defining the levels of secreted non-structural protein NS1 after West Nile virus infection in cell culture and mice.
Isolation, primary culture and morphological characterization of oenocytes from Aedes aegypti pupae.
Rhythms and synchronization patterns in gene expression in the Aedes aegypti mosquito.
Detection of Saint Louis encephalitis virus in dengue-suspected cases during a dengue 3 outbreak.
Hantavirus pulmonary syndrome in Brasilia periphery: a diagnostic challenge.
Molecular and serologic markers of acute dengue infection in naive and flavivirus-vaccinated travelers.
Rapid identification of dengue virus by reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction using field-deployable instrumentation.
Measles in a tertiary institution in bida, niger state, Nigeria: prevalence, immunization status and mortality pattern.
Blood meal-derived heme decreases ROS levels in the midgut of Aedes aegypti and allows proliferation of intestinal microbiota.
Stranger's fever.
Stranger's fever in Eighteenth century Charleston.
Clinical proof of principle for ChimeriVax: recombinant live, attenuated vaccines against flavivirus infections.
Reduced levels of genetic variation in Aedes albopictus (Diptera: Culicidae) from Manaus, Amazonas State, Brazil, based on analysis of the mitochondrial DNA ND5 gene.
Broad-spectrum inhibitor of viruses in the Flaviviridae family.
Programming the magnitude and persistence of antibody responses with innate immunity.
Development of antigen-specific memory CD8+ T cells following live-attenuated chimeric West Nile virus vaccination.
No evidence of murine leukemia virus-related viruses in live attenuated human vaccines.
A thiopurine drug inhibits West Nile virus production in cell culture, but not in mice.
RNA-seq analyses of blood-induced changes in gene expression in the mosquito vector species, Aedes aegypti.
Incremental costs of introducing jet injection technology for delivery of routine childhood vaccinations: comparative analysis from Brazil, India, and South Africa.
Antiviral activities of ISG20 in positive-strand RNA virus infections.
[Travellers in medical practice].
Highly specific detection of antibodies to tick-borne encephalitis (TBE) virus in humans using a domain III antigen and a sensitive immune complex (IC) ELISA.
Accelerated host metabolism of L-thyroxine during acute infection: role of the leukocyte and peripheral leukocytosis.
Mosquito feeding affects larval behaviour and development in a moth.
[The Caroline hospital on the Ratonneau island].
A broadly flavivirus cross-neutralizing monoclonal antibody that recognizes a novel epitope within the fusion loop of E protein.
FLAVIdB: A data mining system for knowledge discovery in flaviviruses with direct applications in immunology and vaccinology.
Serious disease outbreaks caused by viruses transmitted by Aedes aegypti in Brazil.
Mosquito fauna on the Cape Verde Islands (West Africa): an update on species distribution and a new finding.
Analysis of molecular markers for metamorphic competency and their response to starvation or feeding in the mosquito, Aedes aegypti (Diptera: Culicidae).
[Global threats from emerging viral diseases].
A short treatment of cells with the lanthanide ions La3+, Ce3+, Pr3+ or Nd3+ changes the cellular chemistry into a state in which RNA replication of flaviviruses is specifically blocked without interference with host-cell multiplication.
Interferon independence of genetically controlled resistance to flaviviruses.
Cytokine and nitric oxide production by mouse macrophages infected with Brazilian flaviviruses.
Unlicensed vaccines and bioweapon defense in World War II.
[Current situation of the most frequent zoonosis in Mexico].
Introduction and control of three invasive mosquito species in the Netherlands, July-October 2010.
[The historical evolution of dengue prevention and control programs in Brazil].
Dengue virus infections in travellers returning from Benin to France, July-August 2010.
[Control, elimination and eradication of viral immuno preventable diseases in Venezuela].
Comparison of knowledge on travel related health risks and their prevention among humanitarian aid workers and other travellers consulting at the Institut Pasteur travel clinic in Paris, France.
Potential arbovirus emergence and implications for the United Kingdom.
aeGEPUCI: a database of gene expression in the dengue vector mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
Immunohistochemical analysis of protein expression during Aedes aegypti development.
Fixation and preparation of developing tissues from Aedes aegypti.
Aedes aegypti: an emerging model for vector mosquito development.
GB virus type C envelope protein E2 elicits antibodies that react with a cellular antigen on HIV-1 particles and neutralize diverse HIV-1 isolates.
RNA secondary structure prediction by using discrete mathematics: an interdisciplinary research experience for undergraduate students.
Development of human-murine chimeric immunoglobulin G for use in the serological detection of human flavivirus and alphavirus antibodies.
The 'Ajuda Paralyses': history of a neuropsychiatric debate in mid-19th-century Portugal.
Two insulin-like peptide family members from the mosquito Aedes aegypti exhibit differential biological and receptor binding activities.
Japanese encephalitis: update on vaccines and vaccine recommendations.
The Journal 100 & 150 years ago. Medicine 100 & 150 years ago. October 1847 & 1897.
Travel immunizations.
Structure of the Flavivirus helicase: implications for catalytic activity, protein interactions, and proteolytic processing.
[In process citation].
[Immunization coverage of children aged 0 to 5 years in Libreville (Gabon)].
Functional analysis of genes in Aedes aegypti embryos.
Whole-mount in situ hybridization for analysis of gene expression during Aedes aegypti development.
Culturing and egg collection of Aedes aegypti.
Genetic relationships among populations of Aedes aegypti from Uruguay and northeastern Argentina inferred from ISSR-PCR data.
Characterization of dengue virus resistance to brequinar in cell culture.
Nonstructural NS1 proteins of several mosquito-borne Flavivirus do not inhibit TLR3 signaling.
Concurrent Dengue and malaria in the Amazon region.
New approaches to design HIV-1 T-cell vaccines.
Eupatorium capillifolium essential oil: chemical composition, antifungal activity, and insecticidal activity.
Development of Sanofi Pasteur tetravalent dengue vaccine.
Effects of mutations in Aedes aegypti sterol carrier protein-2 on the biological function of the protein.
Role of host cell factors in flavivirus infection: Implications for pathogenesis and development of antiviral drugs.
Insect-specific irreversible inhibitors of acetylcholinesterase in pests including the bed bug, the eastern yellowjacket, German and American cockroaches, and the confused flour beetle.
Flavivirus RNA cap methyltransferase: structure, function, and inhibition.
The essential oil of Brazilian pepper, Schinus terebinthifolia Raddi in larval control of Stegomyia aegypti (Linnaeus, 1762).
Factors affecting reproducibility between genome-scale siRNA-based screens.
Inhibition of dengue virus by an ester prodrug of an adenosine analog.
Intrinsic disorder in the core proteins of flaviviruses.
A simple colorimetric assay for specific detection of glutathione-S transferase activity associated with DDT resistance in mosquitoes.
British Society for Allergy and Clinical Immunology guidelines for the management of egg allergy.
Identification of palmatine as an inhibitor of West Nile virus.
Structure and functionality in flavivirus NS-proteins: perspectives for drug design.
High prevalence of Rickettsia helvetica in wild small mammal populations in Germany.
Molecular targets for flavivirus drug discovery.
Antibodies against West Nile Virus nonstructural protein NS1 prevent lethal infection through Fc gamma receptor-dependent and -independent mechanisms.
Observations on Haemagogus janthinomys Dyar (Diptera: Culicidae) and other mosquito populations within tree holes in a gallery forest in the northwestern region of Sao Paulo state, Brazil.
[CLINICAL EXPERIENCE WITH VACCINATIONS].
First international diagnostic accuracy study for the serological detection of West Nile virus infection.
The host immunologic response to West Nile encephalitis virus.
Single versus multi-dose vaccine vials: an economic computational model.
[Could malaria and dengue reappear in Spain?].
Role of BC loop residues in structure, function and antigenicity of the West Nile virus envelope protein receptor-binding domain III.
A novel nucleoside analog, 1-beta-d-ribofuranosyl-3-ethynyl-[1,2,4]triazole (ETAR), exhibits efficacy against a broad range of flaviviruses in vitro.
Replication of not-known-vector flaviviruses in mosquito cells is restricted by intracellular host factors rather than by the viral envelope proteins.
Characterization of neutralizing antibodies to West Nile virus.
Meta-analysis of all immune epitope data in the Flavivirus genus: inventory of current immune epitope data status in the context of virus immunity and immunopathology.
Meeting of Global Advisory   Committee on Vaccine Safety,   18-19 June 2008.
[Study on the application of geographic information system in spatial distribution of hemorrhage fever with renal syndrome in China].
Rationalizing the development of live attenuated virus vaccines.
Viral nucleic acids in live-attenuated vaccines: detection of minority variants and an adventitious virus.
New vaccines for Japanese encephalitis.
Update on dengue: epidemiology, virus evolution, antiviral drugs, and vaccine development.
Morphological and genetic variability within Aedes aegypti in Niakhar, Senegal.
Efficacy of favipiravir (T-705) and T-1106 pyrazine derivatives in phlebovirus disease models.
[History of viral hepatitis].
[Travelling families: a nurses' consultation].
Enzootic Circulation of Chikungunya Virus in East Africa: Serological Evidence in Non-human Kenyan Primates.
Detection and serotyping of dengue virus in serum samples by multiplex reverse transcriptase PCR-ligase detection reaction assay.
An odorant receptor from the southern house mosquito Culex pipiens quinquefasciatus sensitive to oviposition attractants.
Antagonism of the complement component C4 by flavivirus nonstructural protein NS1.
Phylogeography of Aedes (Stegomyia) aegypti (L.) and Aedes (Stegomyia) albopictus (Skuse) (Diptera: Culicidae) based on mitochondrial DNA variations.
A Sense of Self: RIG-I's Tolerance to Host RNA.
[Assessment of travel-associated risks and advice to travelers].
"Spanish flu, or whatever it is...": The paradox of public health in a time of crisis.
Japanese encephalitis: new options for active immunization.
Biodiversity and influence of climatic factors on mosquitoes (Diptera: Culicidae) around the Peixe Angical hydroelectric scheme in the state of Tocantins, Brazil.
Structure-activity relationships of 33 carboxamides as toxicants against female Aedes aegypti (Diptera: Culicidae).
Rabies exposure in international travelers: do we miss the target?
[Serological study of the virus responsible for hemorrhagic fever in an urban population of Cameroon].
Congenital infections associated with international travel during pregnancy.
[Travelers' vaccinations: experience from the Travelers' Clinic of Hospital das Clínicas, University of São Paulo School of Medicine].
[Vaccinations and medical recommendations for patients traveling after organ transplantation].
New hypothesis for cause of epidemic among native Americans, New England, 1616-1619.
Modelling contact spread of infection in host-parasitoid systems: vertical transmission of pathogens can cause chaos.
[The control of Aedes (Stegomyia) and related species involved in transmission of human arbovirus infections in tropical Africa (author's transl)].
[Vaccination and multiple sclerosis].
Long-term balancing selection at the west nile virus resistance gene, Oas1b, maintains transspecific polymorphisms in the house mouse.
[Development of multiplex reverse translation-polymerase chain reaction methods for detection of dengue virus type 1-4 and its application in clinical use].
Longevity of T-cell memory following acute viral infection.
Bioinformatics in new generation flavivirus vaccines.
Diseases and injuries associated with travel among students, employees and teachers of the Central University of Venezuela during the national summer vacations.
Direct random insertion of an influenza virus immunologic determinant into the NS1 glycoprotein of a vaccine flavivirus.
What is known about the antiviral agents active against bovine viral diarrhea virus (BVDV)?
Genomics and evolution of Aedes-borne flaviviruses.
Synthesis and evaluation of in vitro biological activity of 4-substituted arylpiperazine derivatives of 1,7,8,9-tetrachloro-10,10-dimethoxy-4-azatricyclo[5.2.1.0(2,6)]dec-8-ene-3,5-dione.
Genome-based polymorphic microsatellite development and validation in the mosquito Aedes aegypti and application to population genetics in Haiti.
Direct sequencing and expression analysis of a large number of miRNAs in Aedes aegypti and a multi-species survey of novel mosquito miRNAs.
Viruses within the Flaviviridae decrease CD4 expression and inhibit HIV replication in human CD4+ cells.
An adenosine nucleoside inhibitor of dengue virus.
Synthesis, pharmacological and antiviral activity of 1,3-thiazepine derivatives.
In silico screening of small molecule libraries using the dengue virus envelope E protein has identified compounds with antiviral activity against multiple flaviviruses.
Sensitivity of Aedes aegypti adults (Diptera: Culicidae) to the vapors of Eucalyptus essential oils.
International conference on mosquito control--recommendation.
Ultrastructural observations in hepatitis C virus-infected lymphoid cells.
[Seroimmunological studies by Dr Hideyo Noguchi - introduction and illustration of his seroimmunological research, with a connection to recent seroimmunology].
Arthropod-borne viral infections associated with a fever outbreak in the northern province of Sudan.
[Serological survey for arboviruses in Juruti, Pará State, Brazil].
Population mobility, globalization, and antimicrobial drug resistance.
The adipokinetic hormone system in Culicinae (Diptera: Culicidae): molecular identification and characterization of two adipokinetic hormone (AKH) precursors from Aedes aegypti and Culex pipiens and two putative AKH receptor variants from A. aegypti.
Travel-related vaccines.
Global Advisory Committee  on Vaccine Safety,  12-13 December 2007.
[First report of Aedes albopictus in areas of Mata Atlantica, Recife, PE, Brazil].
Two different routes of colonization of Aedes aegypti in Argentina from neighboring countries.
Blood-feeding induces reversible functional changes in flight muscle mitochondria of Aedes aegypti mosquito.
2-Arylbenzimidazoles as antiviral and antiproliferative agents--Part 2.
[Transfusion-associated non-A, non-B, non-C hepatitis caused by flaviviruses].
Immunogenicity of sanofi pasteur tetravalent dengue vaccine.
Homing endonucleases catalyze double-stranded DNA breaks and somatic transgene excision in Aedes aegypti.
Structural basis for the preferential recognition of immature flaviviruses by a fusion-loop antibody.
Dinara - new natural focus of hemorrhagic fever with renal syndrome in Croatia.
HEALTH AND ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT IN TROPICAL AFRICA.
Epidemiology of neglected tropical diseases in transplant recipients. Review of the literature and experience of a Brazilian HSCT center.
Exploring the molecular basis of insecticide resistance in the dengue vector Aedes aegypti: a case study in Martinique Island (French West Indies).
Recent progress on sanofi pasteur's dengue vaccine candidate.
Efficacy of four insect repellents against mosquito bites: a double-blind randomized placebo-controlled field study in Senegal.
Sialome individuality between Aedes aegypti colonies.
Zika virus outside Africa.
[ASPECTS OF PARASITIC AND INFECTIOUS TROPICAL PATHOLOGY IN THE REPUBLIC OF HAITI].
THE UP-TO-DATE PREVENTION OF INFECTIOUS DISEASES IN CHILDHOOD AND ADULTS.
BLACK MEN AND MALIGNANT FEVERS.
INCIDENCE of disease.
A new fluorogenic real-time RT-PCR assay for detection of lineage 1 and lineage 2 West Nile viruses.
Selective and irreversible inhibitors of mosquito acetylcholinesterases for controlling malaria and other mosquito-borne diseases.
[Conditions for the laboratory survival of Haemagogus janthinomys dyar, 1921 (Diptera:Culicidae)].
[Protection against the introduction and transmission of cholera, malaria, and viral hemorrhagic fever in Yugoslavia].
Acidophilic bodies. Their chemical and physical nature in patients with Bolivian hemorrhagic fever.
Does the concurrent administration of an inactivated hepatitis A vaccine influence the immune response to other travelers vaccines?
Infectious diseases in paediatric pathology: experience from a developing country.
Vector-borne diseases.
The ethnomedicine of the Haya people of Bugabo ward, Kagera Region, north western Tanzania.
Cyclosporine inhibits flavivirus replication through blocking the interaction between host cyclophilins and viral NS5 protein.
Flaviviral methyltransferase/RNA interaction: structural basis for enzyme inhibition.
[Genetic variability in Aedes aegypti (L.) (Diptera: Culicidae) populations using RAPD markers].
Genetic structure of Aedes aegypti in the city of Córdoba (Argentina), a recently reinfested area.
[Traveler's vaccine use among Japanese expatriates in developing countries].
A potential risk assessment of a dengue outbreak in north central Texas, USA. (Part 1 of 2): Abundance and temporal variation of dengue vectors.
Vacuolar-type proton pumps in insect epithelia.
The Brazilian vaccine manufacturers' perspective and its current status.
Intrapartum and perinatal results associated with different degrees of staining of meconium stained amniotic fluid.
Viral diseases involving the liver.
[Arbovirus diseases in South America and Caribbean Islands (author's transl)].
Examining landscape factors influencing relative distribution of mosquito genera and frequency of virus infection.
T-705 (favipiravir) and related compounds: Novel broad-spectrum inhibitors of RNA viral infections.
Identification and characterization of heat shock 70 genes in Aedes aegypti (Diptera: Culicidae).
Unheralded nurses. Male care givers in the nineteenth-century south.
Fulminant hepatitis: a clinical review of 11 years.
HTS identifies novel and specific uncompetitive inhibitors of the two-component NS2B-NS3 proteinase of West Nile virus.
[Five years of cholera surveillance in Ivory Coast during social and political crisis, 2001 to 2005].
Development of a human-murine chimeric immunoglobulin M antibody for use in the serological detection of human flavivirus antibodies.
[Vaccinations for the traveling adult solid organ transplant recipient (excluding hematopoietic stem cell transplant recipients)].
Larvicidal activity of lectins from Myracrodruon urundeuva on Aedes aegypti.
Iron loaded ferritin secretion and inhibition by CI-976 in Aedes aegypti larval cells.
Flavitrack: an annotated database of flavivirus sequences.
Health conditions for travellers to Saudi Arabia.
[Principal Hospital of Dakar: more than a century of history (1880-2000)].
Existing antiviral vaccines.
[Travel medicine and vaccination as a task of infection prevention--data of the special consultation hours of the public health department Frankfurt on the Main, Germany, 2002-2004].
The Howard Association of New Orleans--precursor to district nursing.
[Pregnancy and traveling].
A heterocyclic molecule with significant activity against dengue virus.
The first identified neuropeptide in the insect order Megaloptera: a novel member of the adipokinetic hormone family in the alderfly Sialis lutaria.
Spanish travelers to high-risk areas in the tropics: airport survey of travel health knowledge, attitudes, and practices in vaccination and malaria prevention.
A medical history of the later stages of the Atlanta campaign.
Analysis of flavivirus NS5 methyltransferase cap binding.
Recent advancement in flavivirus vaccine development.
Harmonic convergence in the love songs of the dengue vector mosquito.
A single-amino acid substitution in West Nile virus 2K peptide between NS4A and NS4B confers resistance to lycorine, a flavivirus inhibitor.
Microneedle-based vaccines.
DOCTOR WILLIAM CRAWFORD GORGAS--1854-1920.
THROMBOTIC SYNDROME AFTER VACCINATION IN A SUBJECT WITH OCCULT CARCINOMA OF THE BRONCHUS.
STUBBINS H. FFIRTH (1784-1820).
[TROPICAL PATHOLOGY IMPORTED INTO TEMPERATE REGIONS].
IMMUNIZATION--PRESENT AND FUTURE.
[SHOULD WE VACCINATE ALLERGIC SUBJECTS?].
PESTICIDES: A CONTRIBUTION TO PUBLIC HEALTH.
AN ISLAND OF ERADICATION--THE COLLEGE CAMPUS.
BIOLOGICAL IMPLICATIONS OF ERADICATION AND CONTROL.
MISCELLANEOUS IMMUNIZATIONS.
ARTHROPOD-BORNE ENCEPHALITIS VIRUSES IN THE WEST INDIES AREA. V. A SEROLOGICAL SURVEY OF CURA CAO, N.W.I.
ARTHROPOD-BORNE ENCEPHALITIS VIRUSES IN THE WEST INDIES AREA. VI. A SEROLOGICAL SURVEY OF ST. VINCENT, W.I.
A DISINFECTED LETTER FROM BALTIMORE IN 1797.
[REPORT ON THE EPIDEMIOLOGIC STUDY TRIP TO BOLIVIA].
[Contact infections following vaccination with "live vaccines"].
IMMUNIZATION.
[THE PROBLEM OF SPECIFIC PROPHYLAXIS AGAINST THE MAJOR VIRAL DISEASES].
Virginians and "calenture". II. The solution.
Virginians and "calenture". I. The problem.
The year Virginia mourned: the sources for a catastrophe.
Walter Reed, C. Finlay, and their predecessors around 1800.
Dr. Nathaniel Potter wrote a book.
[Research on a precise method of titration of antibodies by the seroprophylaxis test. III. Variations in the time of contact & the temperature of the virus-serum mixture in vitro before inoculation].
Virus transmission studies with Trinidadian mosquitoes.
[Effect of ionizing radiations on susceptibility of white mice to certain neurotropic viruses].
[Permanence of the theories of Finlay].
Dr. Carlos Finlay-Catholic contributor to medical science.
Electron micrographs of erythrocytes from Swiss albino mice infected with Zika virus.
Reconnaissance of immunity to six viruses in Southern India.
Dr. Walter Reed, epidemiologist, a profile.
[In memory of a military physician].
ROBERT P. Cooke, 1884-1960.
[Life dedicated to a doctrine: Nicolas Chervin].
[Brewer's yeast].
[Finlay and the doctrine of transmission of diseases by insects].
INCIDENCE of disease.
INCIDENCE of disease.
INCIDENCE of disease.
INCIDENCE of disease.
[Not Available].
[Not Available].
[Not Available].
[Not Available].
[Not Available].
[Not Available].
[Not Available].
[Not Available].
[Not Available].
[Not Available].
[Not Available].
[Not Available].
Functional characterization of cis and trans activity of the Flavivirus NS2B-NS3 protease.
How do we manage vaccinations in patients with inflammatory bowel disease?
Larvicidal activities of some organotin compounds on mosquito larvae: a QSAR study.
Carlos Juan Finlay y Barres (1833-1915).
[CARLOS J. FINLAY].
CARLOS JUAN FINLAY--(1833-1915).
IMMUNIZATION IN GENERAL PRACTICE.
THE ROLE OF THE MEDICAL AUXILIARY IN FIELD SURVEYS IN TROPICAL AFRICA.
A TROPICAL EPISODE.
HUMAN INFECTIONS WITH ARBOVIRUSES IN TRINIDAD, W. I..
SOME OBSERVATIONS ON DISEASE IN PREHISTORIC NORTH AMERICA.
POLYRADICULONEUROPATHY (GUILLAIN-BARR'E SYNDROME) WITH IMMUNOLOGIC FEATURES SUGGESTIVE OF NEURAL HYPERSENSITIVITY AND WITH HYPONATREMIA: REPORT OF A CASE. RES REP MR005.09-1601.3.18.
SEROLOGICAL IDENTIFICATION OF THE NATURAL HOSTS  OF AEDES AEGYPTI (L.) AND SOME OTHER MOSQUITOES (DIPTERA, CULICIDAE) CAUGHT RESTING IN  VEGETATION IN KENYA AND UGANDA.
[CASES OF TROPICAL DISEASES AMONG PATIENTS OF THE INSTITUTE OF MARINE MEDICINE].
[Marcos MACUADA, martyr of Chilean medicine].
[Serum proteins and serum enzymes in some tropical disease].
A neurotropic variety of the vaccine strain 17D.
[Research on a precise method of titration of antibodies by the seroprophylaxis test. IV. Interpretation of results; complementary results; discussion & conclusions].
[Diabetes after antiamarile vaccination with 17 D vaccine; a coincidence or a complication].
[Carlos J. Finlay, a benefactor of humanity].
[Protoplasmatic inclusion bodies in liver cells in viral hepatitis].
[The work of Carlos Juan Finlay].
The yeasts of the normal mouth and their relation to salivary acidity.
Men of medicine.
A memory of the "Eclair".
Investigation of a case of fermentation in fruit products, rich in sugars.
INCIDENCE of disease.
INCIDENCE of disease.
INCIDENCE of disease.
INCIDENCE of disease.
INCIDENCE of disease.
INCIDENCE of disease.
INCIDENCE of disease.
The mosquitoes and mosquito-borne diseases on New Caledonia, an historic account; 1885-1946.
[Not Available].
[Not Available].
[Not Available].
[Not Available].
[Not Available].
[Not Available].
[Not Available].
Birth centenary--Max Theiler (1899-1972): South Africa's first Nobel Laureate.
Preparing families with children traveling to developing countries.
Advice for travelers.
[Brazil, land of choice for arbovirosis?].
2-Arylbenzimidazoles as antiviral and antiproliferative agents. Part 1.
A new approach of assessing patient safety aspects in routine practice using the example of "doctors handwritten prescriptions".
[West Nile virus and its vectors].
An evaluation of some Trinidadian plant extracts against larvae of Aedes aegypti mosquitoes.
Antiviral activity of benzimidazole derivatives. I. Antiviral activity of 1-substituted-2-[(benzotriazol-1/2-yl)methyl]benzimidazoles.
Infant hybrids in a newly formed mixed-species group of howler monkeys (Alouatta guariba clamitans and Alouatta caraya) in northeastern Argentina.
Toll-like receptor-mediated induction of type I interferon in plasmacytoid dendritic cells requires the rapamycin-sensitive PI(3)K-mTOR-p70S6K pathway.
Crystal structure of the dengue virus RNA-dependent RNA polymerase catalytic domain at 1.85-angstrom resolution.
Transmission of zoonoses through immigration and tourism.
Quantitative trait loci mapping of genome regions controlling permethrin resistance in the mosquito Aedes aegypti.
Vascular involvement of the central nervous system and systemic diseases: etiologies and MRI findings.
[Current problems of arboviruses in central Africa].
[Seasonal and periodic rhythms of infectious diseases (author's transl)].
Atypical antibody responses in dengue vaccine recipients.
Natural odor ligands for olfactory receptor neurons of the female mosquito Aedes aegypti: use of gas chromatography-linked single sensillum recordings.
Viral haemorrhagic fevers. Report of a WHO Expert Committee.
[Immunization plan for foreign travel and sojourn].
Impact of the control of endemic treponemal diseases in Ghana on other diseases.
Screen for type-C ribonucleic acid viruses in vaccines using the ribonucleic acid-dependent deoxyribonucleic acid polymerase assay.
Spatial and demographic patterns of cholera in Ashanti region - Ghana.
The enigmatic haemorrhagic fevers.
Antibody response to dengue-2 vaccine measured by two different radioimmunoassay methods.
[Standardization of preparations intended for the serodiagnosis of arboviruses].
[A serological survey of arboviruses in Gabon].
Hajj 2007: vaccination requirements and travel advice issued.
Dengue vaccines for travelers.
Using a climate-dependent model to predict mosquito abundance: application to Aedes (Stegomyia) africanus and Aedes (Diceromyia) furcifer (Diptera: Culicidae).
Infected simple renal cyst. Case report.
The two-component NS2B-NS3 proteinase represses DNA unwinding activity of the West Nile virus NS3 helicase.
Biogeography of diseases: a framework for analysis.
Safety of multicomponent meningococcal group B vaccine (4CMenB) in routine infant immunisation in the UK: a prospective surveillance study.
Novel 3-sulphonamido-quinazolin-4(3H)-one derivatives: microwave-assisted synthesis and evaluation of antiviral activities against respiratory and biodefense viruses.
VectorBase: a home for invertebrate vectors of human pathogens.
Serological survey for arboviruses in Igbo-Ora, western Nigeria.
Comparative neuropathogenesis and neurovirulence of attenuated flaviviruses in nonhuman primates.
The health and economic impact of dengue in Latin America.
Simulants, stimulants and diseases: the evolution of the United States biological warfare programme, 1945-60.
Topically applied AaeIAP1 double-stranded RNA kills female adults of Aedes aegypti.
Molecular mechanisms of antibody-mediated neutralisation of flavivirus infection.
[Especially dangerous infections].
A nurse who gave her life so that others could live--Clara Maass.
Carlos Finlay and the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine.
EVALUATION OF ANTIBACTERIAL, ANTITUMOR, ANTIOXIDANT ACTIVITIES AND PHENOLIC CONSTITUENTS OF FIELD-GROWN AND <i>IN</i> VITRO-GROWN <i>LYSIMACHIA VULGARIS</i> L.
Expression of a recombinant gag protein from endogenous avian virus and its use in screening for antibody reactivity in recipients of chick-derived vaccines.
[What's new in travel medicine?].
Cloning, characterization, and expression of microRNAs from the Asian malaria mosquito, Anopheles stephensi.
[Detection of hemagglutination-inhibiting antibodies to arboviruses in sera of young individuals in the Federal Republic of Germany and in the Republic of Togo (West Africa)].
[The jaundice epidemic during the summer of 538 A.D. in the region of Ancona].
Nineteenth century New Orleans: its public health ordeal.
An insulin-like peptide regulates egg maturation and metabolism in the mosquito Aedes aegypti.
Preservation of a critical epitope core region is associated with the high degree of flaviviral cross-reactivity exhibited by a dengue-specific CD4+ T cell clone.
Thiopurines inhibit bovine viral diarrhea virus production in a thiopurine methyltransferase-dependent manner.
Crystal structure of the catalytic domain of Japanese encephalitis virus NS3 helicase/nucleoside triphosphatase at a resolution of 1.8 A.
Opposite influences of host anaemia on blood feeding rate and fecundity of mosquitoes.
Referral of travellers from Australia by general practitioners for travel health advice.
[Pediatric management of sickle cell disease: experience at the Charles de Gaulle University Children's Hospital in Ouagadougou (Burkina Faso)].
Mosquito larval habitats and public health implications in Abeokuta, Ogun State, Nigeria.
Toward universal flavivirus identification by mass cataloging.
[Travel vaccination].
The journal 100 & 150 years ago. New Orleans Medical and Surgical Journal. February 1848 & 1898.
Cloning and identification of an oxytocin/vasopressin-like receptor and its ligand from insects.
Accuracy and repeatability of a micro plaque reduction neutralization test for vaccinia antibodies.
Characterization of a juvenile hormone-regulated chymotrypsin-like serine protease gene in Aedes aegypti mosquito.
Medicine in the popular press: the influence of the media on perceptions of disease.
Antiviral activity of geneticin against bovine viral diarrhoea virus.
Diterpenoids from Copaifera reticulata Ducke with larvicidal activity against Aedes aegypti (L.) (Diptera, Culicidae).
Macaque models of human infectious disease.
Mitochondrial DNA polymorphism and heteroplasmy in populations of Aedes aegypti in Brazil.
Estimating the costs of achieving the WHO-UNICEF Global Immunization Vision and Strategy, 2006-2015.
Reliable detection of St. Louis encephalitis virus by RT-nested PCR.
Genetic vaccination of mice with plasmids encoding the NS1 non-structural protein from tick-borne encephalitis virus and dengue 2 virus.
Japanese encephalitis vaccines: moving away from the mouse brain.
From African health and influenza pandemics to disease in Russia: the medical history of K. David Patterson.
[Evaluation of the vaccine coverage of the general practitioners in the French Community].
George Brownlee Craig, Jr. July 8, 1930-December 21, 1995.
The Yin and Yang of linkage disequilibrium: mapping of genes and nucleotides conferring insecticide resistance in insect disease vectors.
Development and evaluation of one step single tube multiplex RT-PCR for rapid detection and typing of dengue viruses.
Universal primers that amplify RNA from all three flavivirus subgroups.
The Nobel Chronicles. 1951: Max Theiler (1899-1972).
A mutation in the voltage-gated sodium channel gene associated with pyrethroid resistance in Latin American Aedes aegypti.
Genomic regulatory blocks underlie extensive microsynteny conservation in insects.
A chitin-like component in Aedes aegypti eggshells, eggs and ovaries.
Epidemiologic classics of Carter, Maxcy, Trudeau, and Smith.
[Willem Kouwenaar, editor-in-chief of the Dutch Journal of Medicine 1950-1954].
A scorpion neurotoxin increases the potency of a fungal insecticide.
Construction and characterization of a stable subgenomic dengue virus type 2 replicon system for antiviral compound and siRNA testing.
The Transcriptome of the Salivary Glands of <i>Amblyomma aureolatum</i> Reveals the Antimicrobial Peptide Microplusin as an Important Factor for the Tick Protection Against <i>Rickettsia rickettsii</i> Infection.
[Vaccination and development in sub-Saharian Africa].
[Viral hemorrhagic fevers: what is the risk for travelers?].
Vaccines for viral diseases with dermatologic manifestations.
Synthesis and anti-picornaviridae in vitro activity of a new class of helicase inhibitors the N,N'-bis[4-(1H(2H)-benzotriazol-1(2)-yl)phenyl] alkyldicarboxamides.
IgE and IgG4 antibody responses to Aedes saliva in African children.
[Individual and environmental characteristics associated with immunization of children in rural areas in Burkina Faso: a multi-level analysis].
Malaria risk perception, knowledge and prophylaxis practices among travellers of African ethnicity living in Paris and visiting their country of origin in sub-Saharan Africa.
NMR solution structure and backbone dynamics of domain III of the E protein of tick-borne Langat flavivirus suggests a potential site for molecular recognition.
[Hemorrhagic fever viruses in Madagascar].
Clinical observations in 42 patients with Lassa fever.
Genetic influences on mosquito feeding behavior and the emergence of zoonotic pathogens.
Molecular approaches for the treatment of hemorrhagic fever virus infections.
Epidemiology of hemorrhagic fever viruses.
An economic evaluation of thermostable vaccines in Cambodia, Ghana and Bangladesh.
The journal 100 & 150 years ago. New Orleans Medical and Surgical Journal. November 1847 & 1897.
Critical behavior of the contact process in a multiscale network.
Short communication: first record of Aedes albopictus in Gabon, Central Africa.
Construction and biological characterization of artificial recombinants between a wild type flavivirus (Kunjin) and a live chimeric flavivirus vaccine (ChimeriVax-JE).
Forkhead transcription factors regulate mosquito reproduction.
Complete genome characterization of Rocio virus (Flavivirus: Flaviviridae), a Brazilian flavivirus isolated from a fatal case of encephalitis during an epidemic in Sao Paulo state.
Exotic emerging viral diseases: progress and challenges.
Genomic and evolutionary analyses of Tango transposons in Aedes aegypti, Anopheles gambiae and other mosquito species.
Molecular cloning and characterization of the complete acetylcholinesterase gene (Ace1) from the mosquito Aedes aegypti with implications for comparative genome analysis.
Nuclear localization of dengue virus nonstructural protein 5 through its importin alpha/beta-recognized nuclear localization sequences is integral to viral infection.
Immunization of children at risk of infection with human immunodeficiency virus.
Development of a perceptual hyperthermia index to evaluate heat strain during treadmill exercise.
An ethnomedicinal survey and documentation of important medicinal folklore food phytonims of flora of Samahni valley, (Azad Kashmir) Pakistan.
An evaluation of infant immunization in Africa: is a transformation in progress?
Perspectives in the control of infectious diseases by transgenic mosquitoes in the post-genomic era--a review.
Evolutionary dynamics of immune-related genes and pathways in disease-vector mosquitoes.
Field evaluation of the efficacy of proprietary repellent formulations with IR3535 and picaridin against Aedes aegypti.
[The experimental validation of associated immunization with paired combinations of vaccines].
Dobrava hantavirus causes hemorrhagic fever with renal syndrome in central Europe and is carried by two different Apodemus mice species.
[Isolation of Coxiella burneti from the yellow necked mouse and adult ticks in a Q fever focus].
On Certain Practical Diagnostic Distinctions between the Concentrated Endemic, Commonly Called the Yellow or Bulam Fever of the West Indies, and the Marsh Remittent Fever.
A piece of my mind. On the trail of color.
Immunization to protect the US Armed Forces: heritage, current practice, and prospects.
Age and body size influence male sperm capacity of the dengue vector Aedes aegypti (Diptera: Culicidae).
The revised international health regulations and their relevance to travel medicine.
Microwave-assisted synthesis and anti-YFV activity of 2,3-diaryl-1,3-thiazolidin-4-ones.
[Cross reactions of patients with acute dengue fever to tick-borne encephalitis].
The journal 150 & 100 years ago. October 1848 and 1898.
Characterization of two globin genes from the malaria mosquito Anopheles gambiae: divergent origin of nematoceran haemoglobins.
Seasonal abundance and diel landing periodicity of Sabethes chloropterus (Diptera: Culicidae) in Trinidad, West Indies.
Emergent arboviruses in Brazil.
Immunizations for foreign travel.
Aedes albopictus introduction into continental Africa, 1991.
Late-acting dominant lethal genetic systems and mosquito control.
Improvement of the specificity of a pan-viral microarray by using genus-specific oligonucleotides and reduction of interference by host genomes.
The molecular basis of CO2 reception in Drosophila.
Testis-specific expression of the beta2 tubulin promoter of Aedes aegypti and its application as a genetic sex-separation marker.
Development of multiplex real-time reverse transcriptase PCR assays for detecting eight medically important flaviviruses in mosquitoes.
Antiviral activity of CHO-SS cell-derived human omega interferon and other human interferons against HCV RNA replicons and related viruses.
[Vaccinations for journeys in the tropics].
[Micro RNA and viral infections in mammals].
Analysis of 14 BAC sequences from the Aedes aegypti genome: a benchmark for genome annotation and assembly.
Infection and vertical transmission of Kamiti river virus in laboratory bred Aedes aegypti mosquitoes.
Comparison of ELISA and immunoassays for measurement of IgG and IgM antibody to West Nile virus in human sera against virus neutralisation.
Gateways to clinical trials.
Multiple vaccine and pyridostigmine bromide interactions in the common marmoset Callithrix jacchus: immunological and endocrinological effects.
Therapeutic options for diseases due to potential viral agents of bioterrorism.
Synergistic antiviral effects of ribavirin and the C-nucleoside analogs tiazofurin and selenazofurin against togaviruses, bunyaviruses, and arenaviruses.
A system of protein target sequences for anti-RNA-viral chemotherapy by a vitamin B6-derived zinc-chelating trioxa-adamantane-triol.
Differences in performance of Aedes aegypti larvae raised at different densities in tires and ovitraps under field conditions in Argentina.
Simultaneous isolation of <i>Chryseobacterium gleum</i> from bloodstream and respiratory tract: first case report from India.
Amino-terminal amino acid sequences of structural proteins of three flaviviruses.
The quality of travel clinics in the Netherlands.
Synthesis and in vitro evaluation of the anti-viral activity of N-[4-(1H(2H)-benzotriazol-1(2)-yl)phenyl]alkylcarboxamides.
Review on flavivirus vaccine development. Proceedings of a meeting jointly organised by the World Health Organization and the Thai Ministry of Public Health, 26-27 April 2004, Bangkok, Thailand.
The West Nile virus encephalitis outbreak in the United States (1999-2000): from Flushing, New York, to beyond its borders.
Probable congenital infection?
Flavivirus enzyme-substrate interactions studied with chimeric proteinases: identification of an intragenic locus important for substrate recognition.
Movement of dengue vectors between the human modified environment and an urban forest in Rio de Janeiro.
[The birth of international health].
Growth characteristics of ChimeriVax-Den vaccine viruses in Aedes aegypti and Aedes albopictus from Thailand.
A common pumiliotoxin from poison frogs exhibits enantioselective toxicity against mosquitoes.
Synthesis and pharmacokinetics of valopicitabine (NM283), an efficient prodrug of the potent anti-HCV agent 2'-C-methylcytidine.
Cloning and daily expression of the timeless gene in Aedes aegypti (Diptera:Culicidae).
Direct repeats in the 3' untranslated regions of mosquito-borne flaviviruses: possible implications for virus transmission.
A stochastic population dynamics model for Aedes aegypti: formulation and application to a city with temperate climate.
[Mufangji Decoction formula tracing and its effect on emergency and severe cases].
Epidemiologic classics.
Cooperation in research and communication toward the solution of global problems in parasitology.
Arboviruses in the Caribbean Islands.
WEST NILE VIRUS-RELATED TRENDS IN AVIAN MORTALITY IN CALIFORNIA, USA, 2003-12.
Hepatic Cirrhosis of Childhood: Intercurrent Typhoid Fever: Death from Acute Yellow Atrophy.
Nature, Cause, Extension, and Relations of Dengue or Break-Bone Fever in South Carolina, Summer of 1880; also Contrasted with Yellow and Malarial Fevers.
Observations on an Article in the 'Edinburgh Review' (No. 199), Entitled Quarantine, Small Pox, and Yellow Fever'.
Cryptic properties of a cluster of dominant flavivirus cross-reactive antigenic sites.
Diagnosis of tick-borne encephalitis: evaluation of sera with borderline titers with the TBE-ELISA.
Mr. Mortimer's Report of the Yellow or Bulam Fever.
Mr. Mortimer's Report of the Yellow or Bulam Fever.
Yellow or Bulam Fever.
Letter from John Mortimer, Esq. Late Surgeon of His Majesty's Naval Hospitals at Jamaica, Barbadoes, Antigua, &c. to Dr. Johnson, Inclosing a Copy of an Official Report to the Commissioners of Transports, &c. Relative to the Yellow or Bulam Fever.
Lassa fever (arenaviruses) as a public health problem.
Quantitative trait loci that control dengue-2 virus dissemination in the mosquito Aedes aegypti.
Susceptibility of Biomphalaria amazonica and Biomphalaria occidentalis from Manso Dam, Mato Grosso, Brazil to infection with three strains of Schistosoma mansoni.
Repellency effect of forty-one essential oils against Aedes, Anopheles, and Culex mosquitoes.
The predominant mechanism by which ribavirin exerts its antiviral activity in vitro against flaviviruses and paramyxoviruses is mediated by inhibition of IMP dehydrogenase.
Detection of a novel Rickettsia sp. in soft ticks (Acari: Argasidae) in Algeria.
Serotype 1-specific monoclonal antibody-based antigen capture immunoassay for detection of circulating nonstructural protein NS1: Implications for early diagnosis and serotyping of dengue virus infections.
Cutaneous delivery of a live, attenuated chimeric flavivirus vaccine against Japanese encephalitis (ChimeriVax)-JE) in non-human primates.
Raw egg allergy-a potential issue in vaccine allergy.
Bronchobiliary fistula following radiofrequency ablation for liver metastases from breast cancer: A case report and literature review.
Vaccine development against malaria.
Global Advisory Committee on Vaccine Safety, 2-3 December 2004.
Eradicating polio: today's challenges and tomorrow's legacy.
Fusogenic peptide as diagnostic marker for detection of flaviviruses.
Cross-reactivity in flavivirus serology: new implications of an old finding?
Population dynamics of an endogenous meiotic drive system in Aedes aegypti in Trinidad.
Hantavirus in new geographic regions, Sweden.
Multiple vaccine and pyridostigmine interactions: effects on cognition, muscle function and health outcomes in marmosets.
Seroprevalence and distribution of Flaviviridae, Togaviridae, and Bunyaviridae arboviral infections in rural Cameroonian adults.
Arthropod repellency, especially tick (Ixodes ricinus), exerted by extract from Artemisia abrotanum and essential oil from flowers of Dianthus caryophyllum.
[Evolution of viral diseases (author's transl)].
Arbovirus studies in two towns in western state of Nigeria.
Multiple vaccine and pyridostigmine interactions: effects on EEG and sleep in the common marmoset.
The Acre Project: the epidemiology of malaria and arthropod-borne virus infections in a rural Amazonian population.
Health advice for travelers to Latin America.
Aedes aegypti mosquitoes in the Americas: a review of their interactions with the human population.
Immunization and military medicine.
Virus infections in infant mice causing persistent impairment of turnover of brain catecholamines.
The elderly travellers.
Travelling to Africa: health risks reviewed.
Mitochondrial markers for molecular identification of Aedes mosquitoes (Diptera: Culicidae) involved in transmission of arboviral disease in West Africa.
Development of real-time reverse transcriptase PCR assays to detect and serotype dengue viruses.
Triaryl pyrazoline compound inhibits flavivirus RNA replication.
Differential dengue cross-reactive and neutralizing antibody responses in BALB/c and Swiss albino mice induced by immunization with flaviviral vaccines and by infection with homotypic dengue-2 virus strains.
High efficiency site-specific genetic engineering of the mosquito genome.
Early determination of the reproductive number for vector-borne diseases: the case of dengue in Brazil.
Identification of compounds with anti-West Nile Virus activity.
Secreted ferritin: mosquito defense against iron overload?
Dengue virus utilizes a novel strategy for translation initiation when cap-dependent translation is inhibited.
RNA secondary structure in the coding region of dengue virus type 2 directs translation start codon selection and is required for viral replication.
Growth characteristics of the veterinary vaccine candidate ChimeriVax-West Nile (WN) virus in Aedes and Culex mosquitoes.
The hemorrhagic fevers of Southern Africa with special reference to studies in the South African Institute for Medical Research.
Health conditions for travellers to Saudi Arabia. Pilgrimage to Mecca (Hajj).
[Vaccination status of French and European travelers: a study of 9,156 subjects departing from Paris to 12 tropical destinations].
In vivo and in vitro activity of venom from the endoparasitic wasp Pimpla turionellae (L.) (Hymenoptera: Ichneumonidae).
[Regional variations of adult population vaccinal status].
Recent advances in flavivirus antiviral drug discovery and vaccine development.
Secretion of flaviviral non-structural protein NS1: from diagnosis to pathogenesis.
Towards the design of flavivirus helicase/NTPase inhibitors: crystallographic and mutagenesis studies of the dengue virus NS3 helicase catalytic domain.
Styryl lactones and their derivatives: biological activities, mechanisms of action and potential leads for drug design.
A novel, highly selective inhibitor of pestivirus replication that targets the viral RNA-dependent RNA polymerase.
[Emergent pathogens, international surveillance and international health regulations (2005)].
Veterinary immunology as colonial science: method and quantification in the investigation of horsesickness in South Africa, C. 1905-1945.
The perils of foreign travel.
The AeAct-4 gene is expressed in the developing flight muscles of female Aedes aegypti.
Surveillance of viral haemorrhagic fevers in ghana: entomological assessment of the risk of transmission in the northern regions.
Mouse and hamster models for the study of therapy against flavivirus infections.
Inhibition of hepatitis C replicon RNA synthesis by beta-D-2'-deoxy-2'-fluoro-2'-C-methylcytidine: a specific inhibitor of hepatitis C virus replication.
[The geopolitics of tropical diseases: a geo-epidemiological perspective].
Neuronal architecture of the mosquito deutocerebrum.
DNA microarray technique for detection and identification of seven flaviviruses pathogenic for man.
Activities of some Brazilian plants against larvae of the mosquito Aedes aegypti.
A chimeric live attenuated vaccine against Japanese encephalitis.
Vaccination as a prevention strategy for human papillomavirus-related diseases.
Identification and biochemical characterization of the Anopheles gambiae 3-hydroxykynurenine transaminase.
Vitamin A toxicity secondary to excessive intake of yellow-green vegetables, liver and laver.
Dengue vaccine.
Projection patterns of gustatory neurons in the suboesophageal ganglion and tritocerebrum of mosquitoes.
[Macular tuberculoma and optic neuritis: rare association with tuberculosis meningoencephalitis].
Synergistic action of E74B and ecdysteroid receptor in activating a 20-hydroxyecdysone effector gene.
High-level gene expression in Aedes albopictus cells using a baculovirus Hr3 enhancer and IE1 transactivator.
Two novel simian arteriviruses in captive and wild baboons (Papio spp.).
Mosquito transferrin, an acute-phase protein that is up-regulated upon infection.
Structural basis of West Nile virus neutralization by a therapeutic antibody.
[The first to go--physicians who experimented on themselves].
[Viral hemorrhagic fevers in man].
Lena Angevine Warner: pioneer public health nurse.
Counseling the international traveler. Update '93.
[Sampling study for larval density quantification of Aedes aegypti and Aedes albopictus in the state of São Paulo, Brazil].
[Aedes aegypti (L.): importance of its bioecology in the transmission of dengue and other arboviruses. I].
[In Burkina Faso: general mobilization in favor of the "vaccination commando"].
[Effectors of in vivo delayed hypersensitivity in experimental flavivirus infections and vaccination against tick-borne encephalitis in mice].
Ultrastructural cytochemical demonstration of peroxidase-positive monocyte granules: an additional method for studying the origin of mononuclear cells in encephalitic lesions.
[2 aspects of immunity in experimental flavivirus infections].
Medicine among the ancient Maya.
Travel advice from embassies.
The Journal 150 & 100 years ago. September 1846 and 1896.
Mosquito natriuretic peptide identified as a calcitonin-like diuretic hormone in Anopheles gambiae (Giles).
The identification of immunodominant linear epitopes of dengue type 2 virus capsid and NS4a proteins using pin-bound peptides.
Time-specific ecological niche modeling predicts spatial dynamics of vector insects and human dengue cases.
Serologic evidence of natural togavirus infections in Panamanian sloths and other vertebrates.
Immunization. Around the world in 80 shots.
An outbreak of Mayaro virus disease in Belterra, Brazil. II. Epidemiology.
[Control of arthropod vectors of human diseases in intertropical Africa: its importance (author's transl)].
Serologic survey of dengue and other arboviruses in Curaçao and Aruba, 1973.
Preliminary studies on the use of ultra-low-volume applications of malathion for control of Aedes simpsoni.
Financial requirements of immunisation programmes in developing countries: a 2004-2014 perspective.
Interactions between malaria parasites and the host immune system.
Distribution and prevalence of vector-borne diseases in California chipmunks (Tamias spp.).
[Adjuvants and additives in vaccines--medical relevance].
Prevalence-dependent costs of parasite virulence.
Isolation and identification of mosquito bite deterrent terpenoids from leaves of American (Callicarpa americana) and Japanese (Callicarpa japonica) beautyberry.
Inhibition of alpha/beta interferon signaling by the NS4B protein of flaviviruses.
Dengue associated choroiditis: a rare entity.
[Emerging and reemerging diseases: a health problem in the Americas].
INTERFERENCE BETWEEN VIRUSES IN TISSUE CULTURE.
The conquest of the major infectious diseases in the United States: a bicentennial retrospect.
PAHO advisory: Aedes albopictus in the Caribbean.
Emergency control of Aedes aegypti as a disease vector in urban areas.
Why America has dug the Panama Canal. 1912.
Viral challenge in leprosy: viraemia, interferon, and specific antibody production.
Carlos J. Finlay: the mosquito man.
Aedes aegypti: a sword of Damocles over tropical America.
Case for diagnosis.
Vector control of mosquito-borne viruses in the new world.
Bivalent cholera and typhoid vaccine.
RAG1 core and V(D)J recombination signal sequences were derived from Transib transposons.
Antiviral activity of indole derivatives.
The journal 100 & 150 years ago. New Orleans Medical and Surgical Journal. August 1847 and 1897.
Maternal immunization.
Health protection in a shrinking world.
Current status of Aedes aegypti eradication in the Western Hemisphere.
Walter Reed.
Melanogenesis and associated cytotoxic reactions: applications to insect innate immunity.
Target of rapamycin-dependent activation of S6 kinase is a central step in the transduction of nutritional signals during egg development in a mosquito.
Dengue Stings the Eye!
Immunizations for international travel.
Diabetes with pyogenic liver abscess--A perspective on tongue assessment in traditional Chinese medicine.
Review of 1 year's activity in the Grampian travel clinic: the importance of the oil industry.
[Aedes (Stegomyia) aegypti (Linnaeus, 1762) breeding sites in native bromeliads in Vitória City, ES].
Osler and the infected letter.
REL1, a homologue of Drosophila dorsal, regulates toll antifungal immune pathway in the female mosquito Aedes aegypti.
Serological evidence of dengue fever among refugees, Hargeysa, Somalia.
A retrospective serological study of Japanese who contracted dengue fever in Thailand.
[The evolution of knowledge about viral hepatitis in Amazon region: from epidemiology and etiology to the prophilaxy].
Biochemical mode of action and differential activity of new ecdysone agonists against mosquitoes and moths.
Identification of mosquito sterol carrier protein-2 inhibitors.
Surveillance system of vaccine adverse events and local data analysis--the experience in a middle-sized city in Brazil, 1999-2001.
Rabies control in South and Southeast Asia.
Development of a TaqMan RT-PCR assay without RNA extraction step for the detection and quantification of African Chikungunya viruses.
[Vaccination for HIV positive travelers].
Phylogenetic analysis of Brazilian Flavivirus using nucleotide sequences of parts of NS5 gene and 3' non-coding regions.
Ancestry and progeny of nutrient amino acid transporters.
WHO Expert Committee on Biological Standardization. Forty-sixth Report.
Synergism between ammonia, lactic acid and carboxylic acids as kairomones in the host-seeking behaviour of the malaria mosquito Anopheles gambiae sensu stricto (Diptera: Culicidae).
A structural perspective of the flavivirus life cycle.
[What additional measures should be recommended in atopic dermatitis in children?].
Current practices in cancer spatial data analysis: a call for guidance.
Identification and characterization of nonsubstrate based inhibitors of the essential dengue and West Nile virus proteases.
The Natural Product Eugenol Is an Inhibitor of the Ebola Virus In Vitro.
Sputum colour and bacteria in chronic bronchitis exacerbations: a pooled analysis.
Eradication or control?
The changing tails of a novel short interspersed element in Aedes aegypti: genomic evidence for slippage retrotransposition and the relationship between 3' tandem repeats and the poly(dA) tail.
Travel medicine 2005.
Vaccines administered simultaneously: directions for new combination vaccines based on an historical review of the literature.
A global perspective on vaccine safety and public health: the Global Advisory Committee on Vaccine Safety.
Puumala and Dobrava viruses cause hemorrhagic fever with renal syndrome in Bosnia-Herzegovina: evidence of highly cross-neutralizing antibody responses in early patient sera.
Preparing children for travel to tropical and developing regions.
EPI vaccines-induced antibody prevalence in 8-9 year-olds in The Gambia.
Cytopathological changes induced by selected Brazilian flaviviruses in mouse macrophages.
Poliomyelitis: the role of the military in the final campaign.
Use of recombinant E protein domain III-based enzyme-linked immunosorbent assays for differentiation of tick-borne encephalitis serocomplex flaviviruses from mosquito-borne flaviviruses.
Reptile-associated Borrelia spp. In Amblyomma ticks, Thailand.
Preparing the international traveler.
Spectrum of virus inhibition by consensus interferon YM643.
Clinical Research Abstracts of the British Equine Veterinary Association Congress 2015.
Analysis of recombinant dengue virus polypeptides for dengue diagnosis and evaluation of the humoral immune response.
Natural Ehrlichia ruminantium infection in two captive Arabian tahrs (Arabitragus jayakari) in Oman.
Sex differences in morbidity and care-seeking during the neonatal period in rural southern Nepal.
Technology evaluation: ChimeriVax-DEN, Acambis/Aventis.
Mosquito transposable elements.
[Specific determination of flaviviruses by molecular hybridization with synthetic deoxyoligonucleotide probes].
Travelling with children.
Tn5 as an insect gene vector.
Olfactory regulation of mosquito-host interactions.
A multipurpose serological survey in Kenya. 2. Results of arbovirus serological tests.
Retrospective study of canine infectious haemolytic anaemia cases reveals the importance of molecular investigation in accurate postmortal diagnostic protocols.
Exacerbation of eosinophilic COPD and pneumonia in post-treatment pulmonary multidrug-resistant tuberculosis patient: A case report.
Evaluation of an in vitro bloodfeeding system for testing mosquito repellents.
Molecular amplification assays for the detection of flaviviruses.
Brigadier General Theodore C Lyster [correction of Lister], MD: father of American aviation medicine.
Specific detection of chikungunya virus using a RT-PCR/nested PCR combination.
Surveillance of dengue vector at thiruvananthapuram (Kerala) International Airport.
Risk factors for severe malaria in Bamako, Mali: a matched case-control study.
A 37-Year-Old Man With Pleuritic Chest Pain.
The immunostimulatory power of acute viral infection.
Viral hemorrhagic fevers with hepatic involvement: pathologic aspects with clinical correlations.
Ecstasy Abuse and Its Effects on the Oral Mucosa.
The growing threat of arbovirus transmission and outbreaks in Kenya: a review.
State-of-the-art serological techniques for detection of antibodies against tick-borne encephalitis virus.
Aspergillus flavus (Link) toxins reduces the fitness of dengue vector Aedes aegypti (Linn.) and their non-target toxicity against aquatic predator.
[Adolpho Lutz: a biographical sketch].
Arbovirus diseases.
[Viruses as causal agents of disease].
[Vaccinations for the travellers].
Evaluation of the sensitivity of Aedes aegypti and Anopheles gambiae complex mosquitoes to two insect repellents: DEET and KBR 3023.
Alterations of pr-M cleavage and virus export in pr-M junction chimeric dengue viruses.
"Plus-C" odorant-binding protein genes in two Drosophila species and the malaria mosquito Anopheles gambiae.
Characterization of an Aedes aegypti bacterial artificial chromosome (BAC) library and chromosomal assignment of BAC clones for physical mapping quantitative trait loci that influence Plasmodium susceptibility.
Case 260: Endobronchial Posttransplantation Lymphoproliferative Disease.
Tangier disease in a Turkish family.
Fighting the good fight. Lessons from Texas physicians.
L-deaza-5'-noraisteromycin.
Effects of leucokinin-VIII on Aedes Malpighian tubule segments lacking stellate cells.
Prevalence of antibodies to human herpesvirus-8 in populations with and without risk for infection in São Paulo State.
[Vaccinations for the traveler].
Analysis of the replication kinetics of the ChimeriVax-DEN 1, 2, 3, 4 tetravalent virus mixture in Aedes aegypti by real-time reverse transcriptase-polymerase chain reaction.
Travel health knowledge, attitudes and practices among United States travelers.
Antiviral activity of hop constituents against a series of DNA and RNA viruses.
A misleading cachet.
Is global warming harmful to health?
A novel nasal delivery system of a Chinese traditional medicine, Radix Bupleuri, based on the concept of ion-activated in situ gel.
A case report of Legionella and Mycoplasma pneumonia: Co-incidence or co-infection?
Intraspecific DNA variation in nuclear genes of the mosquito Aedes aegypti.
Characterization of resistance to non-obligate chain-terminating ribonucleoside analogs that inhibit hepatitis C virus replication in vitro.
Case 260.
Severe haemolysis and renal failure precipitated by hepatitis E virus in G6PD Deficient patient: A case report.
Periodicity of calling by the greater bushbaby (Galago garnettii) on Pemba Island, Zanzibar.
Immunisation update for travellers.
[PAHO. In the beginning: 1902-20].
Scientific evaluation of clinical interventions in resuscitation medicine.
Eulogy written in a country churchyard.
Portraits from memory. 8--Lieutenant Colonel Frederick Murgatroyd RAMC (d 1951).
Fighting disease-bearing mosquitoes through relentless field leadership.
Merchants of death: the role of slave trade in the transmission of disease from Africa to the Americas.
[Current status of arbovirus research in Madagascar].
Can the war to contain infectious diseases be lost?
[Cellular alterations proper to viral infections].
[Reinfestation by Aedes aegypti in Para; current situation].
Synthesis and biological evaluation of benzo[d]isothiazole, benzothiazole and thiazole Schiff bases.
Vaccination requirements. Pilgrimage to Mecca (Hajj).
Biting activity of Aedes scapularis (Rondani) and Haemagogus mosquitoes in southern Brazil (Diptera: Culicidae).
Exotic viruses and the liver.
The reinvasion of Colombia by Aedes aegypti: aspects to remember.
Infectious diseases of primates related to capture and transportation.
Interference in human viral infections: present status and prospects for the future.
Possible jungle dengue--recent studies and hypotheses.
Hepatic granulomata. Presenting with prolonged fever. Resolution with anti-inflammatory treatment.
Development of a Traditional Chinese Medicine Syndrome-Specific Scale for Ulcerative Colitis: The Large Intestine Dampness-Heat Syndrome Questionnaire.
A rare case of endobronchial mucoepidermoid carcinoma of the lung presenting as non-resolving pneumonia.
[Prevalence of Flavivirus antibodies in Alouatta caraya primate autochthonous of Argentina].
[Vaccinations for the traveller].
5'-nor carbocyclic ribavirin.
Expression of the zinc-finger antiviral protein inhibits alphavirus replication.
Manifestation of hydatid cyst of liver with pancreatitis, cholangitis and jaundice: A case report.
[Application of one step RT-PCR assay for detection of flavivirus RNA in mosquitoes].
Following in Soper's footsteps: northeast Brazil 63 years after eradication of Anopheles gambiae.
Dengue virus M protein contains a proapoptotic sequence referred to as ApoptoM.
The structural determination of an insect sterol carrier protein-2 with a ligand-bound C16 fatty acid at 1.35-A resolution.
Dobrava-Belgrade hantavirus from Germany shows receptor usage and innate immunity induction consistent with the pathogenicity of the virus in humans.
Detection of transfusion-associated hepatitis caused by non-A, non-B, non-C flavivirus.
Chromosomal aberrations in germ cells of male mice immunised with attenuated viral vaccines (human).
Heterologous flavivirus infection-enhancing antibodies in sera of Nigerians.
Nucleotide sequence and deduced amino acid sequence of the structural proteins of dengue type 2 virus, Jamaica genotype.
Dengue virus type 2 vaccine: reactogenicity and immunogenicity in soldiers.
[Sulphated glycosaminoglycans as virus inhibitors. 3rd communication: therapy of viral diseases by means of glycoasaminoglycanpolysulphates. Establishment of fundamentals in experiments with laboratory animals (author's transl)].
Aedes aegypti ferritin.
First report of the oriental mosquito Aedes albopictus on the West African island of Bioko, Equatorial Guinea.
Regulation of tight junction permeability with switch-like speed.
Leptospira Genomospecies and Sequence Type Prevalence in Small Mammal Populations in Germany.
Infection of SCID mice with Montana Myotis leukoencephalitis virus as a model for flavivirus encephalitis.
Dengue fever in American military personnel in the Philippines: clinical observations on hospitalized patients during a 1984 epidemic.
Conserved elements in the 3' untranslated region of flavivirus RNAs and potential cyclization sequences.
Evaluation of Aedes albopictus tissue culture for use in association with arbovirus isolation.
Epidemiological investigations on arbovirus infections at Igbo-Ora, Nigeria.
Immunization of patients with bleeding disorders.
Flavivirus susceptibility in Aedes aegypti.
The global emergence/resurgence of arboviral diseases as public health problems.
[Lupus-like syndrome in patients treated with anti-TNF-α factors].
[Hearing health of workers exposed to noise and insecticides].
Development of a recombinant vaccine against Japanese encephalitis.
Recurrent Biliary Obstruction Secondary to Portal Biliopathy and the Role of Cholangioscopy: A Case Report [corrected].
Benzoquinones from millipedes deter mosquitoes and elicit self-anointing in capuchin monkeys (Cebus spp.).
Evaluation of Two Strategies for Community-Based Safety Monitoring during Seasonal Malaria Chemoprevention Campaigns in Senegal, Compared with the National Spontaneous Reporting System.
Repellency and efficacy of a 65% permethrin spot-on formulation for dogs against Aedes aegypti (Diptera: Culicidae) mosquitoes.
Vaccinations for adult solid-organ transplant recipients: current recommendations and protocols.
The V-type H(+)-ATPase in Malpighian tubules of Aedes aegypti: localization and activity.
[Preventive vaccinations].
Renal Angiomyolipoma With Incidental Oncocytoma: A Case Report and Review of Literature.
Use of viral vectors for the development of vaccines.
Control and eradication of exotic viruses affecting man.
[Protective vaccination - prevention in case of overseas travel].
Personal reflections on twentieth century vaccinology.
Walter Reed (1851-1902).
Mechanisms of dengue virus-induced bone marrow suppression.
Dynamics of molecular markers linked to the resistance loci in a mosquito-Plasmodium system.
Stimulation of JH biosynthesis by the corpora allata of adult female Aedes aegypti in vitro: effect of farnesoic acid and Aedes allatotropin.
4'-C-methyl-beta-D-ribofuranosyl purine and pyrimidine nucleosides revisited.
Topology of the membrane-associated hepatitis C virus protein NS4B.
Live viral vaccine potency: an index for assessing the cold chain system.
Recent advances in Japanese encephalitis.
Report of the Meningitis Program of the International Scientific Working Group on TBE. Serological screening of patients with viral CNS-infection of unknown etiology in search of undiagnosed TBE cases.
Polystyrene derivatives substituted with arginine interact with Babanki (Togaviridae) and Kedougou (Flaviviridae) viruses.
Vaccines and biologicals. Part II. Recommendations from the Strategic Advisory Group of Experts.
Immunization with heterologous flaviviruses protective against fatal West Nile encephalitis.
[Knowledge, attitude, and practice of traditional healers on the topic of malaria in the city of Abidjan].
Provocative test occlusion or the Matas test: who was Rudolph Matas?
Diagnosis of tick-borne encephalitis.
Recent Advances and New Challenges in Travel Medicine.
Interferon, ribavirin, 6-azauridine and glycyrrhizin: antiviral compounds active against pathogenic flaviviruses.
A potential role for phenylalanine hydroxylase in mosquito immune responses.
Cholangiohepatitis in Dairy Cattle: 13 Cases.
[Inoculation for tourism (author's transl)].
Advice for travelers.
[Vector-borne diseases. Recent advances in the diagnosis, treatment and prevention].
The extent of homologous recombination in members of the genus Flavivirus.
Recent advances in vaccines against viral haemorrhagic fevers.
The end of a dogma: the safety of doxycycline use in young children for malaria treatment.
The revised International Health Regulations: a framework for global health security.
Characterization of three Toll-like genes from mosquito Aedes aegypti.
Genetic interaction of flavivirus nonstructural proteins NS1 and NS4A as a determinant of replicase function.
[Abundance indices of larvae and pupae of Aedes aegypti (Diptera: Culicidae) in Córdoba City].
Formalin-inactivated whole virus and recombinant subunit flavivirus vaccines.
Epidemiological implications of preferences of breeding sites of mosquito species in Midwestern Nigeria.
The dependence of electrical transport pathways in Malpighian tubules on ATP.
Infected ascites: Distinguishing secondary peritonitis from spontaneous bacterial peritonitis in a cirrhotic patient with classic symptoms.
Surveillance of adverse events following immunisation: Australia, 2000-2002.
Health issues of air travel.
Cryptococcus gattii molecular type VGII infection associated with lung disease in a goat.
[Chikungunya virus outbreak in Senegal in 1996 and 1997].
The first line of defence: British quarantine and the Port Sanitary Authorities in the nineteenth century.
Isoenzyme differentiation of Aedes aegypti populations in French Guiana.
Spontaneous biliary peritonitis with common bile duct stones: report of a case.
Flavivirus vaccines.
[Serological survey for arbovirus antibodies in the human and simian populations of the South-East of Gabon (author's transl)].
Race, war and tropical medicine in the eighteenth-century Caribbean.
A Fatal Case of Community Acquired <i>Cupriavidus Pauculus</i> Pneumonia.
[The clinico-immunological validation of associated immunization].
The monkey myth.
[Not Available].
Outbreak of yellowfever in Kenya.
The trials and tribulations of George Miller Sternberg (1838-1915)-- America's first bacteriologist.
[The campaign against Aedes aegypti].
The international origin of knowledge. Coincidence and reality.
Dr. William Gorgas and his war with the mosquito.
Internationally quarantinable diseases.
Annie Cook: "the Mary Magdalene of Memphis."
[Not Available].
[Not Available].
Courage, compassion, and providence: Woodbury 1793.
[Not Available].
Cecil Coggins.
Ophthalmology and philately: II. Ophthalmologists who became famous in other areas of endeavor.--Carlos Finlay (1833-1915).
William Crawford Gorgas and the American Medical Association.
[Not Available].
[Not Available].
200 years of American medicine: American medicine in 1776.
The disappearance of Bronze John in Mississippi.
[A ships surgeon on chocolate disease].
Arboviral infections and rabies.
[Not Available].
Letter: Hepatitis with hindsight.
[Not Available].
Jesse William Lazear.
Walter Reed: Army surgeon-bacteriologist-epidemiologist.
[Leukemia and antiamaril vaccination].
[Not Available].
[Problem of sequelae of postvaccinal amaril encephalitis].
Health protection in a shrinking world.
Further observations on histochemical changes in scrapie mouse brain. Comparison with experimental viral encephalitides.
Joseph Yates Porter, M.D. The merchant's son who became Florida's first state health officer.
International requirements for vaccination.
Aedes aegypti eradication program of the United States--progress report 1965.
[The vaccination campaign. Conditions and results].
[Contribution to the study of vaccinal reactions observed outside Dakar].
Rehabilitation of the eradication concept in prevention of communicable diseases.
Immunization of adults.
[Not Available].
Two German translations of Benjamin Rush.
"Yellowfever" in eastern Nigeria.
Midnight macabre.
Mosquito control--its impact on the growth and development of Florida.
Epidemic.
[Public health and sanitation in the Panama Canal Zone: a historical account, 1880-1915].
The problems of Aedes aegypti control in the Americas.
Alas, Memphis!
[Not Available].
[Not Available].
Asians in the white man's grave.
Publish and perish: a fatal medical controversy.
[Not Available].
[Not Available].
Medical conquest of the "big ditch".
[Not Available].
[Tropical diseases of occupational etiology].
[Not Available].
Clara Maass stamp is issued.
[William Stevens; a Danish-Caribbean physician of world renown].
Highlights of tropical medicine in Southern Africa.
U.S. stamp to honor Clara Maass.
Josiah C. Nott--a southern physician.
[Prevention of infections during travel abroad].
Harakiri by virus.
[Not Available].
[Not Available].
Notations on Pensacola's medical history, 1873-1923.
[Mixed vaccinations].
[Not Available].
Aedes simpsoni in Chaggaland. II. Breeding in banana axils.
[Not Available].
[Not Available].
[Not Available].
[Not Available].
[Not Available].
[Combined vaccines and organization of vaccination campaigns and their relation to antituberculous prevention].
[Arboviruses in the Ivory Coast. Serologic study in the human population of the Abengourou area].
Prevention of Aedes aegypti-borne diseases in the Americas.
Privilege, prejudice, and the stranger's disease in nineteenth century New Orleans.
[Not Available].
[Not Available].
[The sanitary problem during the construction of the Panama canal].
[Not Available].
William Crawford Gorgas (1854-1920), medical ambassador to Panama.
[Mass vaccination with the Rockefeller 17 D strain vaccine in Senegal. Use of "Ped-o-Jet"].
Contaminant viruses in two live virus vaccines produced in chick cells.
Bring out your dead.
[Carlos J. Finlay].
Recurrent complicated urinary tract infection due to rare pathogen Sphingomonas paucimobilis: contamination or real deal?
Reactivity of serum samples from patients with a flavivirus infection measured by immunofluorescence assay and ELISA.
Herpes simplex virus infection, with particular reference to the progression and complications of primary herpetic gingivostomatitis.
[Images of Brazil: a Rockefeller Archive Center collection].
[Vaccination problems for the occupational physician].
Immunization for overseas travel.
[Current data. 1. Infectious diseases: number of reported cases and registered deaths in 1974 and in 1975].
Tips for travellers.
[African zoonoses caused by viruses].
Avian leukosis antibody response in individuals given chicken embryo derived vaccines.
[Significance of growing air travel on the import of tropical diseases].
[Practice of protective vaccination and vaccination legislation in the DDR].
Growth characteristics of ChimeriVax-DEN2 vaccine virus in Aedes aegypti and Aedes albopictus mosquitoes.
Leucokinin activates Ca(2+)-dependent signal pathway in principal cells of Aedes aegypti Malpighian tubules.
Heroines of '98: female Army nurses in the Spanish-American war.
[Vaccination and pregnancy. II. Specific vaccination].
Immunoprophylaxis in tropical medicine.
[Arbovirus, agents of African zoonosis].
Constitutional values and HIV/AIDS in the workplace: reflections on Hoffman v. South African Airways.
Intracardiac tuberculomas caused by Mycobacterium tuberculosis in a dog.
Linkage map organization of expressed sequence tags and sequence tagged sites in the mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
Preliminary studies on the use of solid-phase immunosorbent techniques for the rapid detection of Wesselsbron virus (WSLV) IgM by haemagglutination-inhibition.
Positional cloning of the murine flavivirus resistance gene.
Genotoxic evaluation of the organophosphorous pesticide temephos.
Health and safety of laboratory science students in Ibadan, Nigeria.
Malignant pleural mesothelioma in a 17-year old boy: A case report and literature review.
[Synchronous acute cholecystolithiasis and perforated acute appendicitis. Case report].
Neuroendocrine modulation of olfactory sensory neuron signal reception via axo-dendritic synapses in the antennae of the mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
Software for pattern recognition of the larvae of Aedes aegypti and Aedes albopictus.
[To Discern the Medical Thoughts of Heo Joon, the Best Physician in Korean History--An Analysis of Disease Experiences and Treatment Cases in the Treasured Mirror of Eastern Medicine].
Foveal hemorrhage in an immunocompetent patient with visceral leishmaniasis.
Successful treatment of avian-origin influenza A (H7N9) infection using convalescent plasma.
[Not Available].
Expanded programme on immunization (EPI). Immunization schedules in the WHO African region, 1995.
Single rapid TaqMan fluorogenic probe based PCR assay that detects all four dengue serotypes.
A case of meningococcal meningitis with multiple cerebellar microbleeds detected by susceptibility-weighted imaging.
A case of penetration of the intestinal wall by a soft-shelled turtle bone successfully removed with double-balloon endoscopy.
Complete mitochondrial DNA sequence and amino acid analysis of the cytochrome C oxidase subunit I (COI) from Aedes aegypti.
Microsatellite markers for population genetic studies in Aedes aegypti (Diptera: Culicidae) from Côte d'Ivoire: evidence for a microgeographic genetic differentiation of mosquitoes from Bouaké.
Genetically modified viruses: vaccines by design.
Immunization of health care workers in the CARICOM countries.
Membrane conductances of principal cells in Malpighian tubules of Aedes aegypti.
Brocho-biliary fistula: A rare complication after ruptured liver abscess in a 3½ year old child.
Xanthogranulomatous Adrenalitis: A Case Report of a Diabetic, 55-Year-Old Male.
Mental health and sexual activity according to ancient Greek physicians.
Viral diseases in Ethiopia: a review.
Classification, distribution and importance of arboviruses.
Travel medicine: helping patients prepare for trips abroad.
July 1845 and 1895.
Invasions by insect vectors of human disease.
Notes from the field: hepatitis E outbreak among refugees from South Sudan - Gambella, Ethiopia, April 2014-January 2015.
Pseudoclavibacter otitis media in a 3-year-old boy with pulmonary and spinal tuberculosis.
A novel model for the study of the therapy of flavivirus infections using the Modoc virus.
[Fatal fulminating hepatitis due to Herpes simplex virus type 2 in a young immunocompetent female].
Japanese encephalitis vaccines: current vaccines and future prospects.
Plant growth regulatory effect and insecticidal activity of the extracts of the Tree of Heaven (Ailanthus altissima L.).
[New Method for Stable Expression of SFTS Virus-like Particles in CHO-K1 Cells].
The role of per oral cholangiopancreatoscopy (POCPS) in complicated pancreaticobiliary disease.
George Tebault: renaissance man.
[From the control of epidemics to the imported infections].
[The signification of immunisations in pregnancy for mother and child (author's transl)].
[Prevention of tropical diseases].
World health statistics report.
Systemic infections and the liver.
Review of recent epizootics in nonhuman primate colonies and their relation to man.
Global problems of imported disease.
[Vaccination in pregnancy].
Vaccination for foreign travel.
Cross infection with eighteen pathogens among caged laboratory animals.
[Vaccination protection for persons travelling abroad].
Diseases of primates affecting the choice of species for toxicologic studies.
Symposium on immunization. Problems of immunizing adults in foreign travel and in industry.
Arbovirus infections and viral haemorrhagic fevers in Uganda: a serological survey in Karamoja district, 1984.
The NS5A/NS5 proteins of viruses from three genera of the family flaviviridae are phosphorylated by associated serine/threonine kinases.
Immunizations for international travel: Part I.
The history of virology in South Africa.
Health advice for the international traveler.
ABC of healthy travel. Immunisation--I.
Problems in adequately immunizing international travellers.
[Survey of the recommendations given to travelers to tropical zones].
The public's debt to military medicine.
[Devotion to the health cause: Fred Lower Soper].
Problems of infections relating to international travel.
[Tropical diseases of animals and zooanthroponoses (1). Their present danger for man and animal in the Federal Republic of Germany and their significance for the veterinarian].
Vaccination for international travel.
Immunization and other prophylactic measures.
Walter Reed: a biographical sketch.
A medical history of the Panama Canal.
[Preventive vaccinations in industrial medicine].
[Vaccinations for the tropics and subtropics].
[Vaccinations for trips abroad].
Joseph Goldberger, M.D. (1874-1929). Benefactor of mankind. I. Prologue years (1874-1914).
[Contribution to the epidemiology of quarrantine diseases].
Immunization.
[Development of world epidemiology].
[Prevalence of and factors associated with hepatitis B virus markers in a rural population of central Brazil].
Antifungal and larvicidal compounds from the root bark of Cordia alliodora.
Tuberculous osteomyelitis/arthritis of the first costo-clavicular joint and sternum.
Sequence comparison and secondary structure analysis of the 3' noncoding region of flavivirus genomes reveals multiple pseudoknots.
Migratory birds and the dispersal of arboviruses in California.
Hepatic actinomycosis: report of one case and analysis of 32 previously reported cases.
Potential cost-savings and quality improvement in travel advice for children and families from a centralized travel medicine clinic in a large group-model health maintenance organization.
Simultaneous determination of bioactive marker compounds from Gardeniae fructus by high performance liquid chromatography.
Aedes aegypti glutamine synthetase: expression and gene structure.
Clinical and laboratory examinations on a case of "hemorrhagic fever" found in Surabaja, Indonesia, in 1968.
[Study of vaccination for travel shows: serious gaps in polio, diphtheria and tetanus vaccination].
[Immunization for children treated for solid tumors: what are the guidelines?].
Amino acid substitution(s) in the stem-anchor region of langat virus envelope protein attenuates mouse neurovirulence.
Detection of West Nile virus in mosquitoes by RT-PCR.
Five new prenylated stilbenes from the root bark of Lonchocarpus chiricanus.
SSCP analysis of cDNA markers provides a dense linkage map of the Aedes aegypti genome.
Stimulation of dengue virus replication in cultured Aedes albopictus (C6/36) mosquito cells by the antifungal imidazoles ketoconazole and miconazole.
Chemometric studies on potential larvicidal compounds against Aedes aegypti.
Environmental characteristics of the cemeteries of Buenos Aires City (Argentina) and infestation levels of Aedes aegypti (Diptera: Culicidae).
Health evaluation of translocated free-ranging primates in French Guiana.
Method for accelerated identification of arboviruses after inoculation of mice.
Why do female Aedes aegypti (Diptera: Culicidae) feed preferentially and frequently on human blood?
[Development of immunizing agents against dengue].
Good laboratory practices guarantee biosafety in the Sierra Leone-China friendship biosafety laboratory.
Rudolph Matas: innovator of the operating room.
[Health and travel in the tropics].
Oswaldo Cruz and the flowering of public health in Brazil.
[Carlos J. Finlay].
Benjamin Rush, M.D.--doctor and patriot, 1745-1813.
Update: International Task Force for Disease Eradication. 1990 and 1991.
Tropical health and quarantine notes.
[History of the research on differentiating Hepatitis A and B].
[Vaccinations for travel abroad].
[The other types of viral hepatitis].
[Vaccines today and tomorrow].
The history of responses to epidemic disease in the United States since the 18th century.
Vaccination requirements and malaria information for travellers.
[Immunization of travelers to (sub)tropic regions].
Joseph Jones, MD: an early clinical investigator.
[Endemic disease control in the area around the Tucurui Power Plant].
Clara Louise Maass: heroine or martyr of public health?
[Monkeys as a source of human viral diseases].
Tropical diseases of importance to the traveler.
Too few and too little: barricades to the pursuit of health.
[150th anniversary of the birth of Carlos J. Finlay].
[Recommendations for traveling].
Arbovirology--then and now.
Clara Louise Maass.
[Protective and damaging action of cytotoxic T-lymphocytes in experimental tick-borne encephalitis].
Appraisal and reappraisal of viral vaccines.
[Indications and implementation of preventive vaccination in travels abroad].
Robert Wood Mitchell, M.D.(1831-1903).
Benjamin Ward Avent (1812-1878).
History of medicine in Gibraltar.
Immunizations for foreign travel.
Infectious diseases: monthly or four-weekly number of reported cases, 1976 and 1977.
Spontaneous infectious diseases of marmosets.
[Vaccination in pregnant women].
David "d'isaac Nassay, M.D., 1748(?) to 1806. First Jewish physician in Philadelphia--his breach with Benjamin Rush, M.D.
The Fielding H. Garrison lecture: Walter Reed and the ordeal of human experiments.
Immunizations for international travel.
[Prevention of diseases transmissible by airlines].
Epidemics in early Ohio.
Communicable diseases across the oceans.
[Orientation of a pediatrician in parasitic and infectious diseases in the Republic of Guinea (tropical West Africa)].
Some environmental health problems associated with industrial development in Ghana.
On following recommended immunizations.
The repression of medical science in absolutist Spain: the case of Juan Manuel de Aréjula 1755-1830.
Multiple antigen vaccine strategies in developing countries.
Proceedings: Aspects of medical geography. Air transport and disease.
Josiah Clark Nott, a southern physician.
[Combined and simultaneously administered virus vaccines].
[Nurse in the jungle].
Treating the traveler. A brief guide to emporiatrics.
Diploma schools; Clara Maass, the nurse who proved a theory with her life.
Clinical care of nonhuman primates. Synopsis and evaluation of a workshop held at the National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, MD., 7-8 March 1973.
[New developments concerning vaccine combinations].
[Quarantine diseases as a current health problem].
Elements of olfactory receptor coding in the yellowfever mosquito.
[Advantage and disadvantage of immunizations].
1971 International Symposium on Viral Hepatitis. Historical perspectives.
Advice to foreign travelers.
Serological studies in an epidemic of jaundice in Nigeria.
Natural focality of viral infections transmitted by mosquitoes.
[Considerations on humanized application of certain international health regulations].
Quantitation of residual host protein in chicken embryo-derived vaccines by radial immunodiffusion.
Biological warfare: a global threat.
Thomas Jefferson and medicine.
Viral hemorrhagic fevers.
Businessmen and public health in the urban South during the nineteenth century: New Orleans, Memphis, and Atlanta.
Serologic survey for St. Louis encephalitis and other group B arbovirus antibodies in residents of Houston, Texas.
Lloyd Noland: sanitarian, surgeon and hospital administrator.
Effects of antilymphocytic serum on host responses to infectious agents.
Health protection in a shrinking world.
Old plagues in the jet age.
Immunization for overseas travel.
[Epidemiology of arbovirus diseases in Senegal].
Current practice in tropical medicine.
Virological and cytogenetic studies on the involvement of bone marrow of mice in some hepatoencephalotropic viral infections.
George Augustus Ketchum--teacher-administrator-physician.
[Effects of viral vaccines and related problems].
Dr. Samuel Duffield (1732-1814): member of the first medical class graduated in America.
Multiple sclerosis and vaccination.
[Vaccination in international travel].
A note on the preferred A. aegypti breeding habitats in urban areas in Malaysia.
The heterodimeric glycoprotein hormone, GPA2/GPB5, regulates ion transport across the hindgut of the adult mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
Quantitative detection of dengue 2 virus using fluorogenic RT-PCR based on 3'-noncoding sequence.
Sanguine practices: a historical and historiographic reconsideration of heroic therapy in the age of Rush.
Simultaneous injection of hepatitis B and measles vaccines.
Leonard Wood as the modern renaissance man.
Physicians, AIDS, and occupational risk. Historic traditions and ethical obligations.
Control of mosquito nuisance in Britain.
The significance of the introduction of Aedes albopictus into the southeastern United States with implications for the Caribbean, and perspectives of the Pan American Health Organization.
Aedes albopictus, an exotic mosquito vector in the United States.
Josiah Clark Nott, M.D., 1804-1873.
Quarantine and the problem of AIDS.
Cost-effectiveness of immunization in The Gambia.
Ancient history of viral diseases in man.
Viral infections of the liver.
[The control of great endemies in 1984].
Associations of arbovirus vectors with gallery forests and domestic environments in southeastern Bolivia.
William Crawford Gorgas, physician to the world.
[Ancient history of viral diseases in man].
[Travel medicine. Medical measures before and after long-distance flights].
[Preventive vaccination of tourists in the tropics].
[Vaccination in pregnancy].
[Problems and new developments in the area of prophylactic immunization].
Tertium quid: a third something in a muddied puzzle.
[Serological studies in research on arbovirus antibodies in the human population of the Ribeira Valley region. II - Survey of patients of Pariquera-Açú Regional Hospital, 1980].
Health problems associated with agricultural colonization in Latin America.
[World epidemiological situation: viral disease incidence (author's transl)].
The South African contribution to medicine in a tropical environment.
Gustavus Brown Thornton, M.D. (1835-1914).
John Henry Erskine, M.D. (1834-1878).
[Internal migrations and the great endemic diseases].
Isolation to control infection.
The Gorgas Memorial Institute.
[Non-A and non-B viral hepatitis].
Mass travel and imported diseases.
The eradication of smallpox.
[Immunization of the tourist for international travel].
[Epideniological problems posed by vector-transmitted diseases in African dense forest zones: effects of environmental changes].
[Hepatitis-like liver disorders caused by infections, poisoning and drugs].
Diurnal rhythm, age, and other variables affecting yellowfever mosquito avidity and the laboratory assay of repellents.
Dermatology of Daniel Drake.
Editorial: Viral haemorrhagic fevers.
[Current problems of vaccination, especially in France (author's transl)].
Import quarantine regulations: do they meet our needs?
[Observations on Venezuela].
Live-virus vaccines in pregnancy. Risks and recommendations.
[Lassa virus disease].
Diseases subject to the international health regulations.
Problems of insecticide resistance.
The importance of drug therapy for modern health care.
[Study of a new pentavalent vaccine combination].
Editorial: Tropical viral infections.
[Immunization in allergic patients. 2].
Informed consent.
[Tropical diseases].
Mass vaccination programs in developing countries.
International problems of communicable-disease control.
Going abroad.
Thomas Robertson, naval surgeon, 1793-1828.
Associated vaccinations and the organisations of vaccination campaigns in relation to tuberculosis control.
[The prevalence and ecology of arboviruses in Turkey].
[Epidemiological and serological study of the arboviruses in the lower valley of the Omo (southern Ethiopia)].
The medical reputation of Benjamin Rush: contrasts over two centuries.
[Greatness and weaknesses of infectious disease eradication].
[Is the notion of premunition an obsolete one?].
Infectious disease and social change. I.
[Genital structure of Haemagogus (Longipapifer) with morphological variations and new data on its ecology, equinus Theobald), 1903 (Diptera: Culicidae)].
Patterns and directions of medical research in West Africa.
[Tropical diseases].
[Pathogenic complexes of viruses transmitted by arthropods].
Studies in Somalia.
Chikungunya virus in the Entebbe area of Uganda: isolations and epidemiology.
What is the current status of the viral zoonoses?
Radioimmunoassay of Australia antigen.
Businessmen and public health in the urban south during the nineteenth century: New Orleans, Memphis, and Atlanta.
[Current problems of aviation medicine].
More medical aid.
[WHO, SIDA and sleeping sickness in ethiopia: The health centers must have priority].
[Present status of various infectious diseases in Latin America].
Experiment versus authority.
[Reinfestation of Para by Aedes aegypti].
[Practical aspects of preventive inoculation].
Henry Rose Carter, Jr.--epidemiologist--sanitarian.
Arbovirus vaccines.
[Tropical viral zoonoses].
Old plagues in the jet age. International aspects of present and future control of communicable disease.
Studies on arboviruses and bats (Chiroptera) in East Africa. I. Experimental infection of bats and virus transssion attempts in Aedes (Stegomyia) aegypti (Linnaeus).
[Arboviruses in Ivory Coast. Serologic survey in the human population].
Nephropathy and viroses.
[Problems in tropical medicine].
Effects of anti-lymphoid sera on viral infections.
[Importance of severe communicable diseases in public health in Equatorial Guinea and their connection with mass health surveys].
[Tropical diseases].
Some aspects of insect and rodent control.
[Virology and vaccines].
[On the problem of various world epidemics in 1966].
A survey of arthropod-borne viruses isolated in the Pacific area.
[Immunization against diseases occurring outside of Europe].
Immunization for foreign travel.
[On the planning and recording of preventive vaccinations].
The fiftieth anniversary of the death of Carlos J. Finlay y Barres.
Arthropod-borne virus infections in Dutch soldiers stationed in Surinam.
Vaccinations and multiple sclerosis.
Leucokinin and the modulation of the shunt pathway in Malpighian tubules.
Pulmonary fungus ball caused by Penicillium capsulatum in a patient with type 2 diabetes: a case report.
Molecular cloning of two prophenoloxidase genes from the mosquito Aedes aegypti.
Eight novel families of miniature inverted repeat transposable elements in the African malaria mosquito, Anopheles gambiae.
Individual and population variation in invertebrates revealed by Inter-simple Sequence Repeats (ISSRs).
[Acute hepatitis due to infectious mononucleosis in a 21-year-old-man].
Elizabethkingia meningoseptica: an emerging pathogen causing meningitis in a hospitalized adult trauma patient.
The component of Carica papaya seed toxic to A. aegypti and the identification of tegupain, the enzyme that generates it.
Perspectives for the treatment of infections with Flaviviridae.
Characterization of a leucokinin binding protein in Aedes aegypti (Diptera: Culicidae) Malpighian tubule.
[Colonic intussusception by leiomyosarcoma].
[Epidemiology of arbovirus diseases: use and value of physiologic age determination of female mosquito vectors].
[Viruses and civilization].
Infections with flaviviridae.
Lipophorin as a yolk protein precursor in the mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
Superinfection exclusion of alphaviruses in three mosquito cell lines persistently infected with Sindbis virus.
Epidemiological characteristics of imported shigellosis in Korea, 2010-2011.
[Whipple's disease].
Vaccination in Travelers.
A survey of physicians' vaccine risk perception and immunization practices for subjects with immunological diseases.
Diversity of ubiquitin and ISG15 specificity among nairoviruses' viral ovarian tumor domain proteases.
Human fascioliasis with biliary complications.
Mercury distribution in waters and fishes of the upper Madeira rivers and mercury exposure in riparian Amazonian populations.
Voltage clamping single cells in intact malpighian tubules of mosquitoes.
Distribution and ecology of small mammals in Albania.
Hemorrhagic fever with renal syndrome in Yugoslavia: epidemiologic and epizootiologic features of a nationwide outbreak in 1989.
[A serious complication due to liquid silicone injection in the legs for cosmetic purpose].
Concomitant tubercular and fungal cerebellar abscess in an immunocompromised girl.
[Galen's intermittent fever].
[Popular nosology of infantile diseases in West Côte-d'Ivoire and consequences for malaria care management].
Promoter sequences of the putative Anopheles gambiae apyrase confer salivary gland expression in Drosophila melanogaster.
Health risks of travelers in South Africa.
[The effect of acute-phase proteins on inflammation edema due to vaccination].
Use of the biotin-streptavidin interaction to improve flavivirus detection by immunofluorescence and ELISA tests.
Zika virus infections in Nigeria: virological and seroepidemiological investigations in Oyo State.
[Sero-epidemiological survey of arbovirus diseases in the Bi-Aka pygmies of Lobaye, Central African Republic].
[Change in host immune response to heterologous antigen when exposed to togavirus infection].
Induction of autoantibodies to human enzymes following viral infection: a biologically relevant hypothesis.
Postimmunization activity of oligoadenylate synthetase in peripheral blood lymphocytes from healthy individuals.
The neurovirulence of flaviviruses in crab-eating monkeys (Macaca fascicularis).
Partial N-terminal amino acid sequences of three nonstructural proteins of two flaviviruses.
Are flaviviruses again active in Mali?
[Transovarial transmission of arboviruses by mosquitoes (author's transl)].
[The aspergillus laryngotracheobronchitis. A case report and literature review].
[Possibility of exacerbation of allergy by lunar regolith].
Prevalence and control of zoonotic diseases: collaboration between public health workers and veterinarians in Burkina Faso.
Travel immunizations.
Hemorrhagic fevers, with special reference to recent outbreaks in southern Africa.
Viral haemorrhagic fevers of man.
Limited potential for transmission of live dengue virus vaccine candidates by Aedes aegypti and Aedes albopictus.
The malaria vaccine: seventy years of the great immune hope.
Travel health: perceptions and practices of travel consultants.
[Fast prophylaxis for last-minute travelers. Which measures are still possible 1 week before traveling?].
[Medical travel counseling and vaccinations].
Points to consider in the development of a surrogate for efficacy of novel Japanese encephalitis virus vaccines.
Growth characteristics of the chimeric Japanese encephalitis virus vaccine candidate, ChimeriVax-JE (YF/JE SA14--14--2), in Culex tritaeniorhynchus, Aedes albopictus, and Aedes aegypti mosquitoes.
Epidemiology, prevention and treatment of viral hepatitis with emphasis on new developments.
Broad-spectrum antiviral activity of the IMP dehydrogenase inhibitor VX-497: a comparison with ribavirin and demonstration of antiviral additivity with alpha interferon.
[Brief review of the history of zoonoses].
Finke's 1792 map of human diseases: the first world disease map?
A serologic follow-up of the 1942 epidemic of post-vaccination hepatitis in the United States Army.
A case of pyometra treated with endoscopic ultrasound-guided drainage.
[Vaccination protection and advice to travellers. Statistical data on the activity of the International Vaccination Center of Bordeaux (France) in 1988].
Antifungal and larvicidal cordiaquinones from the roots of Cordia curassavica.
Haemorrhagic fevers and ecological perturbations.
Oscillations of voltage and resistance in Malpighian tubules of Aedes aegypti.
Epidemic dengue 2 in the city of Djibouti 1991-1992.
Expression of the early-late gene encoding the nuclear receptor HR3 suggests its involvement in regulating the vitellogenic response to ecdysone in the adult mosquito.
Recombinant juvenile hormone esterase, an effective tool for modifying juvenile hormone-dependent expression of the early trypsin gene in mosquitoes.
Necessity and benefits of physician assistants' participation in international clinical experiences.
Green fluorescent protein as a genetic marker in transgenic Aedes aegypti.
Independent evolution of Toll and related genes in insects and mammals.
Application of an immunoperoxidase monolayer assay for the detection of arboviral antibodies.
Benjamin Rush, MD: assassin or beloved healer?
[Epidemic outbreak of meningitis and meningoencephalitis, caused by West Nile virus, in the Krasnodar territory and Volgograd region (preliminary report)].
[Premature death and longevity of physicians].
[Emerging and re-emerging infectious diseases--a challenge for public health].
Treating epilepsy: a review of Polish historical sources.
[A family survey of syndromes of traditional Chinese medicine in patients with beta-thalassemia].
Malaria knowledge and long-lasting insecticidal net use in rural communities of central Côte d'Ivoire.
Host-selection patterns of Culex tarsalis (Diptera: Culicidae) determine the spatial heterogeneity of West Nile virus enzootic activity in northern California.
[The itenerary of a sage].
[Vaccination status and illnesses in foreign travelers].
MosquI, a novel family of mosquito retrotransposons distantly related to the Drosophila I factors, may consist of elements of more than one origin.
Intracellular and luminal pH measurements of Malpighian tubules of the mosquito Aedes aegypti: the effects of cAMP.
Diagnostic value of dengue virus-specific IgA and IgM serum antibody detection.
Transcriptional control is relevant in the modulation of mosquito ferritin synthesis by iron.
Spontaneous pneumothorax from cryptococcal pneumonia in systemic sclerosis: a case report.
Toxicological effects of aflatoxins in horses.
Ancon Hospital: an American Hospital during the construction of the Panama Canal, 1904-1914.
Mutagenesis of the NS2B-NS3-mediated cleavage site in the flavivirus capsid protein demonstrates a requirement for coordinated processing.
Mosquito researchers deny plotting secret biowarfare test.
Salivary gland-specific gene expression in the malaria vector Anopheles gambiae.
[The nature of yellow strains isolated from the blood of typhoid patients from a focus].
[Dynamic analysis of TCM syndrome in 63 patients of SARS].
[Comparative studies on the efficiency of bromthymol blue-metachrome yellow-lactose agar and bile citrate agar in combination with potassium tetra-thionate broth in the diagnosis of typhoid, paratyphoid and enteritis bacteria].
Ecuador holds National Immunization Day.
[Emergence of "new" viral zoonoses].
Cystinosis presenting with findings of Bartter syndrome.
[Immunization schedule: dynamics and updating]
Malignancy and specific allergen immunotherapy: the results of a case series.
Crisis, leadership, consensus: the past and future federal role in health.
The threat of emerging infections.
Macular infarction associated with reactive arthritis.
Transposition of the piggyBac element in embryos of Drosophila melanogaster, Aedes aegypti and Trichoplusia ni.
DEPRESSION OF THE TUBERCULIN REACTION BY VIRAL VACCINES.
ARTHROPOD-BORNE ENCEPHALITIS VIRUSES IN THE WEST INDIES AREA. VII: A SEROLOGICAL SURVEY OF ST. LUCIA, W.I.
THE RESISTANCE OF A2G MICE TO MYXOVIRUSES.
Defective adenoviruses as novel vaccines for the Flaviviridae.
[Clinical manifestation and EEG characteristics of Angelman syndrome].
POLYVALENT GROUP B ARBOVIRUS ANTISERUM PRODUCED IN MONKEYS.
ARTHROPOD-BORNE ENCEPHALITIS VIRUSES IN NORTHEASTERN SOUTH AMERICA. II. A SEROLOGICAL SURVEY OF NORTHEASTERN VENEZUELA.
[ON THE CLINICAL ASPECTS OF VACCINATION COMPLICATIONS].
INHIBITION OF THE MULTIPLICATION OF PSEUDORABIES VIRUS BY CYCLOHEXAMIDE.
ARTHROPOD-BORNE VIRUS DISEASE IN FLORIDA. REPORT OF A 1958 OUTBREAK IN MIAMI AND A SEROLOGIC SURVEY OF MIAMI RESIDENTS.
FIRST ISOLATION OF WEST NILE VIRUS IN CENTRAL AFRICA.
Stenotrophomonas maltophilia as a causal agent of pyogranulomatous hepatitis in a buffalo (Bubalus bubalis).
Mycophenolic acid, an immunosuppressive agent, inhibits HBV replication in vitro.
Mosquito cathepsin B-like protease involved in embryonic degradation of vitellin is produced as a latent extraovarian precursor.
Predictors of an antibiotic prescription by GPs for respiratory tract infections: a pilot.
E75 expression in mosquito ovary and fat body suggests reiterative use of ecdysone-regulated hierarchies in development and reproduction.
Bolivia benefits from PAHO / World Bank partnership.
Tourism and Emerging and Re-emerging Infectious Diseases in the Americas: What Physicians Must Remember for Patient Diagnosis and Care.
Fetal fibronectin (Quick Check fFN test(®)) for detection of premature rupture of fetal membranes.
Spatial variation in host feeding patterns of Culex tarsalis and the Culex pipiens complex (Diptera: Culicidae) in California.
Increase in the size of the amino acid pool is sufficient to activate translation of early trypsin mRNA in Aedes aegypti midgut.
[Arbovirus transmission cycles in Madagascar].
[Transmission cycles of arboviruses in Madagascar].
Complement fixing antibodies against arboviruses in horses at Lagos, Nigeria.
[International health regulations--evaluation and trends].
The major epidemic infections: a gift from the Old World to the New?
A comparison of indirect immunofluorescence and electron microscopy for the diagnosis of some haemorrhagic viruses in cell cultures.
Tick-borne zoonotic bacteria in wild and domestic small mammals in northern Spain.
Sequential development of the liver lesions in new-born lambs infected with Rift Valley fever virus. I. Macroscopic and microscopic pathology.
[IMMUNOCHEMICAL ANALYSIS OF PROTEIN FRACTIONS OF CHROMOGENIC (YELLOW) BACTERIA ISOLATED FROM THE BLOOD OF PARATYPHOID PATIENTS].
Bilious emesis in the pediatric emergency department: etiology and outcome.
[Eulogy for Pierre Chirac by Fontenelle].
[Franco-Mexican medical action and the Mexican Expedition (1864-1867)].
Towards malaria control: the knowledge of health care providers about mosquito and malaria transmission.
Promoter-directed expression of recombinant fire-fly luciferase in the salivary glands of Hermes-transformed Aedes aegypti.
Neutralization of HIV-1 Infection of Human Peripheral Blood Mononuclear Cells (PBMC) : Antibody Dilution Method.
Importance and impact of veterinary virology in Germany.
Goniotriocin and (2,4-cis- and -trans)-xylomaticinones, bioactive annonaceous acetogenins from Goniothalamus giganteus.
[Electrophoretic properties of the proteins of paratyphoid A bacillus and of yellow cultures isolated together with them].
[Infection with yellow typhoid bacillus].
Neonatal diabetes mellitus accompanied by diabetic ketoacidosis and mimicking neonatal sepsis: a case report.
Steatocystoma multiplex generalisata partially suppurativa--case report.
A novel mechanism to explain protein abnormalities in schizophrenia based on the flavivirus resistance gene.
Co-circulation of three pathogenic hantaviruses: Puumala, Dobrava, and Saaremaa in Hungary.
[Immigration and epidemics in the State of São Paulo].
Antigenic relatedness of selected flaviviruses: study with homologous and heterologous immune mouse ascitic fluids.
[The principal arthropod vectors of disease. What are the risks of travellers' to be bitten? To be infected?].
Pattern differentiation in Traditional Chinese Medicine can help define specific indications for biomedical therapy in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis.
Biosynthesis of Aedes aegypti lipophorin and gene expression of its apolipoproteins.
Heterotopic pancreatic tissue obstructing the gallbladder neck: a case report.
Sphingomonas paucimobilis bacteraemia and septic arthritis in a diabetic patient presenting with septic pulmonary emboli.
[Infections always present at the dawn of the 21st century].
Presence of miniature inverted-repeat transposable elements (MITEs) in the genome of Arabidopsis thaliana: characterisation of the Emigrant family of elements.
Mono-tetrahydrofuran acetogenins from Goniothalamus giganteus.
Identification of Brazilian flaviviruses by a simplified reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction method using Flavivirus universal primers.
Multiploid CD61+ cells are the pre-dominant cell lineage infected during acute dengue virus infection in bone marrow.
Huge liver abscess radiologically mimicking cystadenocarcinoma.
Compliance with American Academy of Pediatrics and American Public Health Association illness exclusion guidelines for child care centers in Maryland: who follows them and when?
Analysis of a coded panel of licensed vaccines by polymerase chain reaction-based reverse transcriptase assays: a collaborative study [seecomments].
UNICEF report highlights unregistered births.
[Clinical application of bioactive CPC loading rhBMP-2 in repairing bone defects].
[Multilocular thymic cyst].
Cytotoxic and insecticidal constituents of the unripe fruit of Persea americana.
The concentration-dependence of CRF-like diuretic peptide: mechanisms of action.
Probable intrafamilial transmission of coxsackievirus b3 with vertical transmission, severe early-onset neonatal hepatitis, and prolonged viral RNA shedding.
Antiviral cytotoxic T cells cross-reactively recognize disparate peptide determinants from related viruses but ignore more similar self- and foreign determinants.
[Ecology of tick-borne arboviruses in the Central African Republic].
Arthropod-borne viral infections of man in Nigeria, 1964-1970.
IMMUNOLOGY OF THE PERUVIAN STRAINS OF LEPTOSPIRA ICTEROIDES.
Human pentastomiasis in China: case report and literature review.
Dose-dependent effects of CRF-like diuretic peptide on transcellular and paracellular transport pathways.
Non-O1/non-O139 Vibrio cholerae septicemia with peritonitis.
[Hemorrhagic fever with renal syndrome in Croatia: incidence of infection in human and wild animal reservoirs].
Definition of the region on NS3 which contains multiple epitopes recognized by dengue virus serotype-cross-reactive and flavivirus-cross-reactive, HLA-DPw2-restricted CD4+ T cell clones.
Quantitative structure-activity relationship of insect juvenile hormone mimetic compounds.
The lethal effects of Cyperus iria on Aedes aegypti.
Traditional medicine to DNA vaccines: the advance of medical research in West Africa.
Antifungal and larvicidal meroterpenoid naphthoquinones and a naphthoxirene from the roots of Cordia linnaei.
Evaluation of recombinant dengue viral envelope B domain protein antigens for the detection of dengue complex-specific antibodies.
Evidence of multiple zoonotic agents in a wild rodent community in the eastern Sierra Nevada.
[Centro-somatic staged tuberculous vertebral osteitis: a case report].
Inheritance of larval resistance to permethrin in Aedes aegypti and association with sex ratio distortion and life history variation.
West Nile virus-associated optic neuritis and chorioretinitis.
Antiviral (RNA) activity of selected Amaryllidaceae isoquinoline constituents and synthesis of related substances.
[Protection of travellers against biting arthropod vectors].
Mary Grant Seacole: the first nurse practitioner.
Immobilization and health assessment of free-ranging black spider monkeys (Ateles paniscus chamek).
Emerging infectious disease: global response, global alert.
[Traveller counseling by embassies and consulates].
A fatal case of Lucio phenomenon from India.
[Individual protection against insect vectors].
West Nile virus surveillance in East Baton Rouge Parish, Louisiana.
SVI technical advisory group meets.
Gene within gene configuration and expression of the Drosophila melanogaster genes lethal(2) neighbour of tid [l(2)not] and lethal(2) relative of tid[l(2)rot].
Short report: dispersal of Aedes aegypti in an urban area after blood feeding as demonstrated by rubidium-marked eggs.
Peri-implantation pelvic inflammatory disease with normal pregnancy outcome.
(2,4-cis and trans)-gigantecinone and 4-deoxygigantecin, bioactive nonadjacent bis-tetrahydrofuran annonaceous acetogenins, from Goniothalamus giganteus.
[Hepatic viscerotomy (its contribution to the study of regional nosology)].
MxA gene expression after live virus vaccination: a sensitive marker for endogenous type I interferon.
Antibacterial peptides in insect vectors of tropical parasitic disease.
Dengue virus-specific human CD4+ T-lymphocyte responses in a recipient of an experimental live-attenuated dengue virus type 1 vaccine: bulk culture proliferation, clonal analysis, and precursor frequency determination.
[A live vaccine against tick-borne encephalitis: the principles of selecting the vaccinal strains].
Use of NS3 consensus primers for the polymerase chain reaction amplification and sequencing of dengue viruses and other flaviviruses.
Estimating prevalence by group testing using generalized linear models.
A stochastic analysis of three viral sequences.
[The control of viral diseases in the developing countries with the use of existing vaccines].
[Nucleotide sequence of the genome and complete amino acid sequence of a polyprotein of the tick-borne encephalitis virus].
Nucleotide and complete amino acid sequences of Kunjin virus: definitive gene order and characteristics of the virus-specified proteins.
Virus-induced decrease in the activity of serum blocking factor(s): a mechanism of activation of the autoreactive T effectors in graft versus host reaction and of controlling T suppressors.
In vivo inhibition by intact mouse serum of the activity of the flavivirus-induced T-suppressors of autoreactive T-lymphocytes.
Infection enhancement of dengue type 2 virus in the U-937 human monocyte cell line by antibodies to flavivirus cross-reactive determinants.
The responses of normal an athymic mice to infections by togaviruses: strain differentiation in active and adoptive immunization.
Detection of arbovirus antibodies in avian sera by the complement fixation-inhibition test.
Effects of adverse storage on live virus vaccines.
Human arthropod-borne virus infections in Nigeria. Serological and virological investigations and Shaki, Oyo State.
Antibodies against arboviruses in Sierra Leone.
Immunologic chimerism as evidence of bone marrow graft acceptance in an identical twin with acute lymphocytic leukemia.
Specific immunity and nonspecific resistance to infection: listeria, protozoa, and viruses in mice and hamsters,.
Release of prostaglandin by mitogen- and antigen-stimulated leukocytes in culture.
Assessment of aerosol mixtures of different viruses.
Susceptibility tests in Trinidad with Anopheles aquasalis Curry, Aedes aegypti (L.) and Culex pipiens fatigans Wiedemann, using the standard WHO mosquito adult test kit.
Antigenic analysis of certain group B arthropodborne viruses by antibody absorption.
A COMPARATIVE STUDY OF THE BIOLOGICAL CHARACTERS AND PATHOGENESIS OF BACILLUS X (STERNBERG), BACILLUS ICTEROIDES (SANARELLI), AND THE HOG-CHOLERA BACILLUS (SALMON AND SMITH).
Hepatocellular carcinoma with chronic B-type hepatitis complicated by autoimmune hemolytic anemia: a case report.
[A complex evaluation of the lytic potential of cellular cytotoxicity displayed by natural killers and K cells].
Towards a new generation of flavivirus vaccines.
[A serological survey regarding Flaviviridae infections on the island of Réunion (1971-1989)].
Dengue 2 virus NS2B and NS3 form a stable complex that can cleave NS3 within the helicase domain.
Dengue virus infection of human skin fibroblasts in vitro production of IFN-beta, IL-6 and GM-CSF.
[The use of tapioca as coverage in viral titration].
Vaccine preventable viral diseases in developing countries.
[Health information of intercontinental Spanish travelers].
A survey for haemagglutination-inhibiting antibody to West Nile virus in human and animal sera in Nigeria.
Nucleotide sequence of the genome and complete amino acid sequence of the polyprotein of tick-borne encephalitis virus.
Synthesis of 3-deazaneplanocin A, a powerful inhibitor of S-adenosylhomocysteine hydrolase with potent and selective in vitro and in vivo antiviral activities.
Analysis of structural properties which possibly are characteristic for the 3'-terminal sequence of the genome RNA of flaviviruses.
Blood value changes in flavivirus-inoculated Macaca fascicularis monkeys.
Conditions for haemolysis by flaviviruses and characterization of the haemolysin.
Rational design of vaccines against enveloped RNA viruses.
Arthropod-borne virus antibodies in sera of residents of Kainji Lake Basin, Nigeria 1980.
An investigation of flavivirus infections of cattle in Zimbabwe Rhodesia with particular reference to Wesselsbron virus.
Estimation of infection rates in population of organisms using pools of variable size.
Cross-reactive killer T lymphocytes in a flavivirus infection.
[Decrease in efficiency after experimental virus encephalitis. Small scale experimental tests on mice and histologic evaluation (author's transl)].
Human immunoglobulin specificity after group B arbovirus infections.
Survey for antibodies to arboviruses in the sera of children in Portuguese Guinea.
Hemagglutination with arthropod-borne viruses.
Opportunities to immunise.
Infectious diseases in the 21st century.
[Whipple's disease: current problems].
Can mosquitoes transmit AIDS?
An inflamed elbow after an insect sting.
Dengue-associated maculopathy.
[Domingos José Freire and the beginnings of bacteriology in Brazil].
Preliminary isolation of mosquito natriuretic factor.
The biosynthesis of deoxyribonucleic acid during the life-span of the mosquito.
Aedes aegypti: origin of a "new" chromosome from a double translocation heterozygote.
The salivary gland-specific apyrase of the mosquito Aedes aegypti is a member of the 5'-nucleotidase family.
Expression and secretion of a functional scorpion insecticidal toxin in cultured mouse cells.
A deoxyribonucleic acid-replication intermediate in the growing mosquito.
Development of organophosphorus resistance in Indian strains of Aedes aegypti (L.).
A simple reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction for dengue type 2 virus identification.
Automated type specific ELISA probe detection of amplified NS3 gene products of dengue viruses.
Rapid diagnosis of dengue viremia by reverse transcriptase-polymerase chain reaction using 3'-noncoding region universal primers.
[Hepatocellular carcinoma: a preventable cancer].
Tick fauna from two locations in the Brazilian savannah.
Clear cell carcinoid tumor of the distal common bile duct.
Nematocera (Ceratopogonidae, Psychodidae, Simuliidae and Culicidae) and control methods.
New arenavirus isolated in Brazil.
Broad-spectrum antiviral activity of 2-beta-D-ribofuranosylselenazole-4-carboxamide, a new antiviral agent.
Weather, host and vector--their interplay in the spread of insect-borne animal virus diseases.
Systemic infections affecting the liver. Some cause jaundice, some do not.
Detection and identification of dengue virus isolates from Brazil by a simplified reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) method.
4-deoxyannomontacin and (2,4-cis and trans)-annomontacinone, new bioactive mono-tetrahydrofuran annonaceous acetogenins from Goniothalamus giganteus.
The discovery of Chagas' disease and the formation of the early Chagas' disease concept.
Bioactive compounds from Taiwania cryptomerioides.
Emerging viral infections with special reference to India.
[Health effects of climatic changes--possible consequences for Norway].
[Atypical activity rhythm in Aedes aegypti in a sub-sudanian savannah zone of Côte d'Ivoire].
Travels with HIV: the compliance and health of HIV-infected adults who travel.
Isolated hepatic tuberculous abscess in a renal transplant recipient.
The "sugar" clear cell tumor of the lung-clinical presentation and diagnostic difficulties of an unusual lung tumor in youth.
Muscle actin gene from Aedes aegypti (Diptera:Culicidae).
Fulminant tropical hepatitis--experimental reproduction.
Influence of heavy traffic, city dwelling and socio-economic status on nasal symptoms assessed in a postal population survey.
[Aedes aegypti in French Guiana. Some aspects of history, general ecology and vertical transmission of the dengue virus].
Viral hepatitis prophylaxis.
The Premise Condition Index: a tool for streamlining surveys of Aedes aegypti.
Hantavirus infections in Europe.
A mediastinal mass resembling lymphoma: an unusual manifestation of probable case of invasive zygomycosis in an immunocompetent child.
Insect-transmitted vertebrate viruses: flaviviridae.
[Hematophagous diptera arbovirus vectors in Africa (author's transl)].
Infection of the mosquito Aedes aegypti with infectious West Nile virus-antibody complexes.
[Surveillance of the circulation of arbovirus of medical interest in the region of eastern Senegal].
[Effectiveness of the interferon inducers ridostin and camedon in prevention and treatment of experimental alpha- and flavivirus infections].
Experimental evidence against replication or dissemination of hepatitis C virus in mosquitoes (Diptera:Culicidae) using detection by reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction.
[Insects know no border.].
FISH digital imaging microscopy in mosquito genomics.
Influence of patient symptoms and physical findings on general practitioners' treatment of respiratory tract infections: a direct observation study.
[Primary cardiac malignant fibrous histiocytoma in 47-year-old woman].
[Live vaccines].
[Oviposition and dispersion of Aedes aegypti in an urban environment].
Inter- and intraspecific variation in resistance to desiccation by adult Aedes (Stegomyia) spp. (Diptera: Culicidae) from Indonesia.
Correlation between ELISA, hemagglutination inhibition, and neutralization tests after vaccination against tick-borne encephalitis.
Towards malaria control in Nigeria: a qualitative study on the population of mosquitoes.
Advice for travelers.
Larvicidal constituents of Melantheria albinervia.
100th anniversary of virology.
[Acute myeloid leukemia with Aspergillus tracheobronchitis after allogeneic peripheral blood stem cell transplant].
DDT-resistance in West African and Asian strains of Aedes aegypti (L.).
Infection of an Aedes aegypti cell line with infectious arbovirus-antibody complexes.
Aedes aegypti: a quantitative trait locus (QTL) influencing filarial worm intensity is linked to QTL for susceptibility to other mosquito-borne pathogens.
The Apyrase gene of the vector mosquito, Aedes aegypti, is expressed specifically in the adult female salivary glands.
Hazards of vaccine production.
Electron microscopic observation of the budding maturation of group B arboviruses.
[Sulphated glycosaminoglycans as virus inhibitors. 1st communication: The effect of sulphated glycosaminoglycans in different virus-host systems as demonstrated by the plaque inhibition test (author's transl)].
Seasonal abundance, biting cycle and parity of the mosquito Haemagogus leucocelaenus in Trinidad, West Indies.
IgG2a antibodies non-specifically delay the onset of diabetes in NOD mice.
Genomic organization of GB viruses A and B: two new members of the Flaviviridae associated with GB agent hepatitis.
[Vaccinations and useful advice for travelers].
[Presence of antibodies against Venezuelan equine encephalitis virus subtype VI in patients with acute febrile illness].
Dengue in the south-eastern region of Brazil: historical analysis and epidemiology.
Animal diseases affecting human welfare in developing countries: impacts and control.
[Vaccinations for travel--1991 status].
[Preventive health care in travel, especially vaccinations].
Aedes albopictus in the United States: rapid spread of a potential disease vector.
Health advice for international travel.
Selective primary health care: strategies for control of disease in the developing world. XI. Dengue.
[Diseases transmitted by mosquitoes and urbanization. Examples of urban vectors of dengue and filariasis].
[Vaccination: 1982 status].
Continuous cell lines from embryonic tissues of ticks (Acari: Ixodidae).
The significance and mechanism of an increased serum phenylalanine-tyrosine ratio during infection.
Nucleotide sequence of the NS5 gene of Banzi virus: comparison with other flaviviruses.
Flavivirus-cross-reactive, HLA-DR15-restricted epitope on NS3 recognized by human CD4+ CD8- cytotoxic T lymphocyte clones.
The design of a community-based health education intervention for the control of Aedes aegypti.
Synthesis and antiviral evaluation of N-carboxamidine-substituted analogues of 1-beta-D-ribofuranosyl-1,2,4-triazole-3-carboxamidine hydrochloride.
[Microhabitats of Aedes albopictus (Skuse) in the region of the Paraiba Valley, São Paulo State, Brazil].
Mosquitoes of the genus Culex in the Suez Canal Governorates.
[The Expanded Programme on Immunization in 1988].
Burma.
[Sulphated glycosaminoglycans as virus inhibitors. 4th communication: clinical aspects of zoster with the proposal of a new treatment (author's transl)].
Field study of the safety of abate for treating potable water and observations on the effectiveness of a control programme involving both abate and malathion.
Full sequence and characterization of two insect defensins: immune peptides from the mosquito Aedes aegypti.
Thermostabilization of live virus vaccines by heavy water (D2O).
Yeast-expressed hantavirus Dobrava nucleocapsid protein induces a strong, long-lasting, and highly cross-reactive immune response in mice.
Infected solitary hepatic cyst.
Pleural effusions following cardiac injury and coronary artery bypass graft surgery.
Metanephric adenoma of the kidney with massive hemorrhage and necrosis: immunohistochemical, ultrastructural, and flow cytometric studies.
Impact of rapid urbanization on mosquitoes and their disease transmission potential in Accra and Tema, Ghana.
Gonococcal tonsillar infection--a case report and literature review.
Restriction fragment length polymorphism mapping of quantitative trait loci for malaria parasite susceptibility in the mosquito Aedes aegypti.
Wesselsbron virus antibody in domestic animals in Nigeria: retrospective and prospective studies.
[A case of urinary and miliary tuberculosis detected during examination for renal failure].
Single Sitting Surgery for Concomitant Hydatid Cyst of Lung and Liver: A Case Report.
Laboratory evaluation of an ovipositional trap for mosquito adults Aedes aegypti (L.) (Diptera: Culicidae).
Hepatic amebiasis.
Renal cell carcinoma metastatic to the testis and its adnexa: a report of five cases including three that accounted for the initial clinical presentation.
[Rapid solid-phase immunoenzyme analysis for detecting viral antigens].
Rapid, single-step RT-PCR typing of dengue viruses using five NS3 gene primers.
[A case of idiopathic pulmonary upper lobe fibrosis complicated by invasive pulmonary aspergillosis].
Intracranial venous sinus thrombosis complicating AIDS-associated nephropathy.
Antiviral efficacy of pyrazofurin against selected RNA viruses.
Secondary structure of the 3' untranslated region of flaviviruses: similarities and differences.
Transfer of toxin genes to alternate bacterial hosts for mosquito control.
The life of Brigadier General Theodore C. Lyster.
Functional expression of insecticide-resistant GABA receptors from the mosquito Aedes aegypti.
Toxicity of the blue-green alga Oscillatoria agardhii to the mosquito Aedes aegypti and the shrimp Artemia salina.
Susceptibility of the Sf9 insect cell line to infection with adventitious viruses.
Monoclonal antibodies directed against tick-borne encephalitis virus with neutralizing activity in vivo.
The suitability of restriction fragment length polymorphism markers for evaluating genetic diversity among and synteny between mosquito species.
Identification of mosquito-borne flavivirus sequences using universal primers and reverse transcription/polymerase chain reaction.
What role for insecticides in vector control programs?
Senegal links up with the past to protect the future.
On the transmissibility of Eperythrozoon suis by Stomoxys calcitrans and Aedes aegypti.
The molecular biology of tick-borne encephalitis virus. Review article.
Baltimore City Health Department: 200 years of progress and partnership.
Seasonal abundance, biting cycle, parity and vector potential of the mosquito Haemagogus equinus in Trinidad.
Sustainable urban development and human health: septic tank as a major breeding habitat of mosquito vectors of human diseases in south-eastern Nigeria.
Regulation of epithelial shunt conductance by the peptide leucokinin.
Codon usage patterns in chromosomal and retrotransposon genes of the mosquito Anopheles gambiae.
Disease exchange across the tropical Atlantic.
Epidemic hecatomb in the New World.
Structure determination and toxicity of a new microcystin from Microcystis aeruginosa strain 205.
Immunological disorders--the evolution of an hypothesis.
A survey of the health of British missionaries.
[Preliminary study on the presence of arbovirus in the populations of Corrientes and Misiones].
Dengue virus-specific, human CD4+ CD8- cytotoxic T-cell clones: multiple patterns of virus cross-reactivity recognized by NS3-specific T-cell clones.
Vaccine-preventable disease and immunization in the developing world.
Health aspects of resettlement in Ethiopia.
A lambda gt11-cDNA clone specific for chronic hepatitis C generated from pooled serum presumably infected by hepatitis C virus.
Some observations on the mosquitoes of Indian settlements in Xingu National Park, Mato Grosso State, Brazil, with emphasis on malaria vectors.
Counseling the international traveler.
Flaviviruses can mediate fusion from without in Aedes albopictus mosquito cell cultures.
Immunization.
Phenotypic variability and heterozygosity at an esterase locus in the mosquito Aedes aegypti.
Murray Valley encephalitis virus field strains from Australia and Papua New Guinea: studies on the sequence of the major envelope protein gene and virulence for mice.
Sequence and secondary structure analysis of the 5'-terminal region of flavivirus genome RNA.
Nucleotide sequence of dengue 2 RNA and comparison of the encoded proteins with those of other flaviviruses.
Gene mapping and positive identification of the non-structural proteins NS2A, NS2B, NS3, NS4B and NS5 of the flavivirus Kunjin and their cleavage sites.
The nucleotide sequence of dengue type 4 virus: analysis of genes coding for nonstructural proteins.
Purification of the mosquitocidal and cytolytic proteins of Bacillus thuringiensis subsp. israelensis.
Characterization of protease cleavage sites involved in the formation of the envelope glycoprotein and three non-structural proteins of dengue virus type 2, New Guinea C strain.
Characterization of novel viral polyproteins detected in cells infected by the flavivirus Kunjin and radiolabelled in the presence of the leucine analogue hydroxyleucine.
Analysis of disulfides present in the membrane proteins of the West Nile flavivirus.
Mechanism of vertical transmission of the dengue virus in mosquitoes.
[Human arbovirus infections in Burundi: results of a seroepidemiologic survey, 1980-1982].
Cross-infection enhancement among African flaviviruses by immune mouse ascitic fluids.
What can be learnt about selection from gene frequency distribution?
Dispersal and other population parameters of Aedes aegypti in an African village and their possible significance in epidemiology of vector-borne diseases.
Application of enzyme immunoassay on infected cells (EIA-IC) for arboviruses.
[Research on antibodies to arbovirus in the serum of residents of the village of Corte de Pedra, Valencia, Bahia].
The 3'-nucleotides of flavivirus genomic RNA form a conserved secondary structure.
H-2 restricted regulation by soluble autoantigens of the tick-borne encephalitis virus-induced autoreactive T-effector and T-suppressor lymphocytes in mice.
The association of enhancing antibodies with seroconversion in humans receiving a dengue-2 live-virus vaccine.
Prophylaxis for the international traveller.
Vaccination commando: Burkina Faso.
Isolation and identification of mosquito repellents inArtemisia vulgaris.
Antibody-dependent enhancement of tick-borne encephalitis virus infectivity.
[Flavivirus: serological survey in horses from the Tandil area].
Selection of attenuated dengue 4 viruses by serial passage in primary kidney cells. V. Human response to immunization with a candidate vaccine prepared in fetal rhesus lung cells.
Use of killed poliovirus vaccine in a routine immunization program in West Africa.
Midzonal necrosis as a pattern of hepatocellular injury after shock.
[Serologic survey on arbovirus infections in patients presenting with uveitis].
Evolutionary and social aspects of disease.
Arboviruses and lemurs in Madagascar: a preliminary note.
An outbreak of Mayaro virus disease in Belterra, Brazil. III. Entomological and ecological studies.
[Critical backward glance at the development of the science of immunity].
The effects of interferon and double-stranded RNA upon the virus-host interaction: studies with togavirus strains in mice.
